How unsightly.
The Griffin forces have all withdrawn. She won't survive if we leave her here.
...What do you think?
Even if she dies...? Are you really okay with that?
I know you can, and so do you.
I remember you're quite famous for disobeying orders.
Well, do indulge my curiosity.
Humph, sly old fox...
We actually do have an opening.
In that case, DEFY will welcome its second temporary member.
Don't let her drag us down, because this team...
Well, it's made up of brand new, elite Doll models.
It's no different from an actual battlefield at this point...
I honestly couldn't imagine that a PMC could cause such a huge disturbance, just going by the data we received.
But this ought to be a good thing, right? At the very least, it'll be easier for us to take action.
Ah, it's time.
Now then...
Guess it's time for us to make our entrance.
Ange, this is about the situation just now.
We've confirmed that a team of human soldiers attacked the safe house where our target M4A1 was located.
The exact casualty status of Griffin is unknown, but we can be sure that M4A1 herself was left in place.
This is very strange, do you know why they would do that?
I've verified its completion, though it's a bit...flawed.
The Doll M4A1 seems to be the center of attention for both sides. Is it alright to not recover her?
You do know your old subordinates well.
Don't say I didn't warn you. Excessive self-confidence is an undesirable trait in commanders.
Yet another troublesome day, and I can't help but worry...
Laws, systems, orders...why do humans have to live like Dolls?
Have you thought about that question before...
...AR-15?
Oh? And where are you going all by yourself?
Are you sure you want to go at it alone? You've still got Parapluie in you now, right?
While it hasn't completely spread throughout your neural cloud, all your external connection functions have been locked down to avoid further contagion.
Which means, you can't control dummies and you can't sync information on battlefield conditions with us. I trust I don't need to explain the implications of that.
I'm simply worried that you'll regret working alone afterwards.
There's often a price to be paid for speaking in absolutes. Don't you want to hear about the new mission that Ange handed down?
Ange wants us to rescue M4A1.
On purpose? Whatever could you mean?
Plans change. Just like your destiny.
Not planning to go alone anymore?
Haha, not under most circumstances, but your reactions are just too amusing.
I'll hail a drone cab, and then we'll have a nice comfy ride to our stop. Sounds good?
Give me a break, of course we're going on foot.
There are a lot of surviving Griffin T-Dolls along the way. All we have to do is recover them and temporarily overwrite their directives. That ought to be enough.
Well? Surely you'd want to help out your old war buddies, right?
Da, da, it's kind of my fault, which is why I'm carrying this case for you.
Still, it's also your own people's fault for installing such sophisticated modules in an outdated T-Doll, right?
Tactical Doll AK-12, from Task Force DEFY.
There was too much strain on her neural cloud. She couldn't sustain her Level I surface consciousness.
Nothing but bad news.
First off, M4 SOPMOD II's missing. I'm certain she's not in the vicinity, and there were no clues around which could tell us about her current status.
Was I too direct?
RO635 has completely ceased to function, so...
RO635's was completely removed.
I'm certain it happened after she was killed.
Look on the bright side. Maybe SOP-II avoided the ambush and left with RO's neural module.
Would you be satisfied with that answer?
Naturally, I'd advise you against having that idea, lest you end up disappointed.
But this is no time to think about others.
There are two S.F. squads around us, at 11 o'clock and five o'clock respectively. The terrain nearby is such a mess so we can't go around them. We'll probably have to take them out.
Are you looking down on me, or overestimating yourself?
Ange, we've recovered M4A1. Any instructions for our next move?
Well, you were the one who ordered me to abide by AR-15's judgment.
Also, I was simply curious about our new member's decision-making and responses.
Since everyone now wants a piece of M4A1, I'm sure getting our hands on her is the right thing to do.
S.F.'s main forces are making a frenzied breakthrough towards Area S09 at high speed. I think things are really going to get seriously out of hand this time.
Eh? These two requirements are contradictory—
Ange, are you listening?
While this really isn't the best timing, uh...
Well...we kinda ran into some trouble.
Nice work, AN94.
Which one are you referring to?
It's possible, given the present circumstances. But I'll need some help for this.
See those radar stations there? I need you to capture them so I can hack into the military units.
Also, I can't tell exactly which military units I'll be able to reach from any particular radar station. It's all a matter of luck.
....
There's another detachment 1700m ahead and to the right, heading right for us.
Oh dear...S.F. has blocked our path in three directions now. Could this be a coincidence?
We've entered firing range of that Sangvis squad in the rear, and they're opening fire.
Those trash are too lazy to even do proper recon.
So that's all there is to Mastermind's computational capacity, huh. I was hoping Sangvis Ferri would put more effort in countering the Military.
That said, this isn't good news for us either.
Now's not the time to look for cover, AR-15. The Sangvis units from 11 o'clock are almost here.
We need to get clear. There's some open space up ahead; the Military had a big battle there just now.
Prepare to race through the wrecks, but if you're even the least bit careless, you'll be joining them.
Around 10 minutes?
I figure their plan is to surround us here. Simple and crude...
And what if I said...no?
Ah...
Ange told me you were old-fashioned and stubborn, so I was prepared to go on an op with a Dummy.
But you make the most interesting faces. I'm curious about you all over again, AR-15.
The Sangvis units chasing us are already gathered here. So we'll wipe them all out in one shot.
I'd be enough by myself, but I wouldn't mind you firing from the side to add to the fun.
AN-94 is more suited for such brutish ways of fighting, so I'd rather borrow some of the military units.
Don't judge me by your standards, Miss M4A1.
Hmm... While these military units would be punched through soon if we kept using them as cover, they'd be enough to deal with those Sangvis forces once I can get them moving.
Dear me, I'm not some random civilian Doll haphazardly modified with an Imprint.
Being praised for something so obvious kinda bothers me.
Forcing a connection is really tiring, you know? Besides, we hadn't gotten into the middle of these hunks of junk back then.
Still, now that it's done, I'll sweep away these Sangvis forces to buy us some time and use the rest to make up for screwing up on M4.
Oh yes, making up. Just like I did with you.
Well, I AM an electronic warfare specialist. Obviously I'd have that stuff inside me.
If there's enough time, then we should get started once we fall back to a safe zone.
I can't believe your neural cloud is in such a mess from just a simple disconnection...
It's too fragile, even for an older Doll model...
It'll be fine once I run a few repair programs on the equipment.
Since we have time, I should probably perform an upgrade on you with the gear we have on hand.
This is an order, so be obedient.
Lie down and be still. You have a lot of unused ports, so it won't take long.
Calling me "Miss" sounds so stiff. Try "Big Sis AK12".
Nah, it doesn't sound cute at all. Forget it...
Objectively speaking, it's never bad to have more helpers. I won't have to keep listening to AR-15 complain if I have a more reliable Doll to help on ops...
Hmm, you've...got a surprising amount of spare capacity in your neural cloud.
I take back what I said earlier about you being a civilian Doll haphazardly modified with an Imprint. After all, a lot of the parts you're using are Military-spec.
No wonder Ange has her eye on you.
Now keep still. I'm gonna help you use up all that idle capacity of yours. Just leave everything to me and use this time to have a nice little heart-to-heart with AR-15. I don't mind if you talk about private stuff.
I never said that~
How shall I put it...? Given the situation, they probably would have taken heavy losses.
Even from an optimistic guess...
...
A squad of humans from the Military killed them. That much is obvious from the bullet holes and the debris they left behind.
Of course, they'll cover it up by saying they were "getting rid of out-of-control Dolls".
Are you afraid? The target of your revenge is an enemy that's much, much scarier than Sangvis Ferri.
Oh my, this isn't a declaration that a normal Doll would make.
Anyway, the upgrade's almost complete. Don't go running off after it's done. Listen to AR-15's orders, okay?
We're called DEFY. Do you like the name?
Since Ange thinks it's fine, I have no problem with it.
Didn't you use to be on the same team? Shouldn't you know her better?
A T-Doll ought to act like a T-Doll. If I had to worry about everything, then why would we need humans?
Ah, she's back.
Your performance after the repairs is pretty good.
But don't push yourself too hard. It would be a shame if you were to break again just after you got fixed.
I'm not one to get happy from praises.
I'm worried that your neural cloud hasn't fully adapted to the newly-installed components.
What are we going to do if overusing them leads to incompatibility issues, and your neural cloud breaks down? Not to mention, I heard you...
M4, if you're concerned about the Parapluie virus in AR-15, that's not necessary for the time being.
AR-15, do your surroundings explode when you get mad?
Judging from the signals, there's a super dangerous S.F. unit approaching.
We might not be able to handle her with our present numbers.
Eh? Shouldn't you try throwing yourself at the enemy first or whatever?
Fine, fine. I've got to broadcast in clear. There's no alternative.
Ange, are you listening?
While this really isn't the best timing, uh...
Well...we kinda ran into some trouble.
Stop shouting into my ear! Don't you have a radio of your own?!
Ah, the transmission cut out.
I guess handling ECM is hard for AN94 after all...
Still, she and Ange should have our coordinates now. We just need to hunker down here and wait for them to rescue us!
Nice work, AN-94.
We found some interesting files, but what AN-94 discovered was sufficiently comprehensive.
I doubt it. Given the way Parapluie's completely spread now, even simple searches are gonna be hard.
AN-94, do you still have a way to connect to Level II?
That's fine, you were never meant for this sort of thing in the first place. In any case, you did well.
Acknowledged.
Looking forward to your performance, new leader.
Might as well take the opportunity to see how our seniors do things.
Right, AN-94?
In any case, we're going to be throwing a monkey wrench into the Military's plans, right?
Acknowledged.
She strikes me as being... a lot more proactive than her data indicates.
However, I feel that this is due to the influence of her neural cloud. Her thought processes tend towards risk-taking and she lacks a clear sense of purpose.
It's as though... she was controlled by something other than her orders.
Personally, it's not so bad if those orders are interesting enough. Also...
Observing the interesting things they do is a hobby of mine.
Ange, are you making progress?
I heard that Domestic Dolls were originally designed to relieve human boredom.
Ah... that's just like you, looking to throw your life away as always.
So they're even deploying their armored units?
Is there a need to go to such lengths for a base of rebellious robots?
But it'll be a while before that, right? It'll take at least three hours before the armored units arrive.
We'll need some time to improve the disguise of our ID signals.
Still, do you know what you'll be able to do after this?
I'm back, and things don't look good at all...
I mean, that's still the Military's main force out there...
Well... the Military's vanguard units are sweeping the contaminated areas, while the armored units are standing by at the perimeter. They'll probably catch up soon.
Still, even if their vanguards are just recon units, we're still no match for them.
Well, if it's just direction...
The Military's axis of advance is roughly headed this way. If you want to avoid them, the most effective route would be to go through this area.
After we make it through this location, we'll be in the radar blind spot of the military units.
...Things will become more troublesome if Sangvis Ferri decides to get in our way. After all, it's tight terrain. 
But after considering the wide detection radius of the Military, I cannot recommend taking any other route.
Oh? Still worried that it's a trap?
Nyet, at least I'm not picking up any signals...
...I'm not dead yet, M4A1.
AN-94 won't be able to take it if you give her too much stress at times like these.
What a shame, I really liked that cape...
Judging by your ID signal...you must be Intruder, am I right?
I honestly didn't expect you to fire from outside of detection range.
I didn't detect them because they were maneuvered into position while they were offline, following pre-planned routes.
Interesting...
While scrapping her here isn't a problem...
The Military's recon units will find us here if we don't move fast.
...You gave that order yourself.
What an honor. Let's go.
Those are Griffin echelons. Friends of yours?
Not going to stop and say hi?
Or how about a pincer attack from behind as you meet your Commander?
Speak, but be brief. I need to focus.
...
Not possible. This place doesn't connect to anything related to battlefield conditions.
The truth? The truth is...
(Smiles bitterly) AN-94 really is a good, honest girl, isn't she? 
So you've asked a question to which you already know the answer...
But the most important thing for this mission is to find the most critical data and send them back to Ange. Do you agree?
You're worried that after we contact Ange, you'll get a new set of orders right away and miss the chance to learn about them, is that it?
Et tu, AR-15?
Speak up for me, won't you, AN-94?
I've already gotten what I want. It was quicker than I expected.
Before I disconnect...I have to say that I myself am quite curious about how the Griffin forces are doing.
Taking a quick peek is well within our ability.
Shut down all wireless and transmission devices!
AN-94! Cut all Level II interfaces! NOW!
The Military's activated a Class I active defense! Don't do anything unnecessary if you don't want your neural cloud to be burned to ash!
They might have run into a little...big problem.
While I know of their EW abilities, the sheer power on display here is frightening... We can't even access the Zener Network, so our Dummies are temporarily offline.
But a huge upheaval like this is bound to affect their own command systems too... Looks like the situation is really bad.
All frequencies are scrambled now, so our enemies shouldn't be able to do anything.
But we can't contact Ange either. There's nothing we can do except sit and wait.
You go rest first, I'll try to fix this messed up network.
...Is that so?
I think...
Oh look, the entire comm net's back online.
M4A1 still hasn't given up on your MIA friend from the AR Team, AR-15.
Whether it's finding the missing AR Team member or meeting her Commander, she won't have many chances for either of them.
Is that so?
Then I guess you don't understand...the 'present' M4A1 either.
I'm curious about something... when Ange asked you to rescue someone, were you disappointed when you learned it was Squad 404 that you'd be saving?
Not SOP-II, not anyone else...not even the Commander.
...Is that so.
Aren't you curious about what's going to happen next?
M4A1! M4A1!
I should be the one apologizing. I must have been too boring.
AR-15, explain the current situation to her.
I'm just curious about how things will look the moment when the AR Team's leader meets Squad 404's leader.
Well, if shoddy toy Dolls can't stop something, why not let the pros handle it?
Gentlemen, would you kindly...
Kill everything that moves.
What's up?
Understood. I'm on it.
...I'm guessing you're going to give us an even more screwed-up mission.
Wow, we're soooo lucky. It'll be a piece of cake.
If this is your idea of a pep talk, it sucked.
The sooner we finish our work, the sooner we can get out of here. As for whether or not we can do it... that's up to you, Ange.
Even with that stirring pep talk, we alone won't be able to stop the Military's main forces.
So by sending out M4, you're hoping the Sangvis Mastermind will take the bait?
So what should we do next? We don't have any weapons on hand that can counter armored units.
Are you really going to use M4 as bait?
I know that.
But if we let her go by herself, even if everything goes according to plan, all foreseeable outcomes indicate that our chances of successfully capturing Mastermind are close to 0%.
You're gonna tell her?
It's time for your scheduled call-in. Anything you want to report? Are you still alive?
Oh, Ange knew she'd do that. In any case, there's a new rendezvous point. You'd best hurry over.
She's just bait for now. The Military has already shaken off Griffin's blockade and is heading your way.
If you don't hurry, the bait might just end up becoming a sacrificial lamb.
30 minutes at most.
From what I know of her, she couldn't care less about herself.
You'd know, given the events in the Safe House 3.
Ange! I don't want to interrupt, but Agent's signal just vanished!
Ange! There's more of the military tanks!
They've turned around and are heading this way!
...Don't tell me you're going to set it off right...?!
Do you think you can survive at such close range?
Even if you don't care about yourself, spare a thought for the Griffin Commander!
They're still fighting the Military!
The jamming is severe. I can't pick them up by their signals.
How about you?
The humans controlling them ditched their gear and fled... That's our only stroke of luck.
All frequencies are still being jammed, but the Military should be facing the same problem...
Right now I'm just plotting a rough course projected from previous data...
They've spotted us too! Some of their units have stopped and are trying to block us!
You kept hailing us. We couldn't communicate, but it helped us lock onto your coordinates.
We thought you weren't going to last long, but you were surprisingly quick on your feet. We've been killing these things and running after you the whole time.
Who would've thought these things actually do exist? And here I thought some of that training would never come in useful.
Still, they're nothing more than disgusting and pathetic monsters.
Are these ELIDs all soldiers from the military caught in the explosion of the Collapse Fluid dirty bomb detonated by M4A1?
At least make it easier for me to identify your corpse.
AR-15 went off with her. We couldn't stop her.
You're giving up already? Ange, since when are you so pessimistic?
Ange!
You asked us to take the communicator and contact Persica, which means we do have a plan. So long as we can find our way out of the contamination zone, we can withdraw, am I right?
I know you're in great pain, but it's not like you at all to give up just like that.
I remember you still owe us a drink. If you want an easy way out, then let me do you a favor and send you off painlessly.
Looks like bluffing doesn't work on you.
We're called "DEFY". Just living by the name, I guess? You ought to know we're different than your past subordinates.
Aren't you gonna jauntily brief us on the plan first, as usual?
Why north? And are you sure about moving in a straight line? There are still loads of ELIDs out there. Won't it be safer to take a more evasive route?
If you say so. 94, there are approximately 20 ELIDS in the immediate vicinity. Prepare for battle.
I'll forge the way. You stick with Ange like glue.
Then let's get moving!
Nyet, this place isn't clean at all. We can't stop here!
The radiation level is too high here. New ELIDs will emerge anytime. We can't stay here for long.
On it. The instrument isn't too badly damaged. Attempting to reactivate it...
This equipment is left behind by the military. I've bypassed the firewall. 94, you can now try to access their network and collect some data.
Are you sure? Gathering information in a data blackout is one thing, sending a transmission from a military outpost is another matter. There's no way we can hide our tracks - they're gonna surround this place and blast us to bits.
Got it. Establishing a communications channel. Ready in thirty seconds.
We're transmitting. Pick up...please pick up...
Wait! There's a reply!
Ange, we've been discovered. A transmission is forcing its way through.
Okay.
On it.
Data transfer in progress. We can move in 60 seconds.
Transfer complete. We can go.
Ange...you probably won't make it to the security zone.
According to the readings, the contamination level is still climbing in the area. Entering the Red Zone will only exacerbate your symptoms.
I strongly recommend taking the route through the Yellow Zone!
Ange, a signal flare over there!
I believe it's leading us to the Yellow Zone. Your body might just make it through.
Then we'd better hurry. The ELIDs will find us soon!
It is possible. According to my observation, the military does attack the ELIDs. I believe they're too obsessed with pursuing us to care about the fact that they're firing upon their own allies and casualties.
Still, we can't exploit that too much. Otherwise, if we accidentally draw the attention of both the ELIDs and the military, we'll be heavily outnumbered.
It's a risk worth taking. We can't handle the military with just the two of us. Ange doesn't have long.
No matter what you decide to do, we can't rest here. Keep moving, Ange.
Congratulations, Ange. You get to live a little longer.
Or find a chance to send a distress signal for the rescue party to get in touch.
(Sighs) You're always so conservative, AN-94.
The choice isn't yours to make. Ange, take your pick.
Military units! They're heading straight toward us!
Hurry, Ange! We're here!
How did they find us so soon? We shouldn't have left any traces!
Are you sure they'll come?
Ange! Is the rescue party still not here?!
Charging... It's the tank! Duck!!
Ange! Ange, wake up! Ange!!
The trench is lost! AN-94, pick up your gun and cover me!
I'm fine! Defend the opening!
Ange... Ange, are you alright?! Ange!!
A few minutes ago...she took a heavy dose of radiation and passed out.
It took us a while to find the mark, but her life isn't in danger. However, she'll be sitting out the coming battles. It'll be just us.
Then we're safe for now. Let's figure out what to do next.
Hmm? Who was that?
Military units! They're heading straight toward us!
Hurry up! We're here!
Ange is dead! You can abort your mission!
I can hear the tanks! They're coming!
There's still a heartbeat! Let's go!
Da, we're all still alive.
We clearly don't have time for that.
Yegor is amassing the entirety of the military's remaining forces to annihilate us. They'll have this bunker surrounded in no time.
Ange!
Nyet...not reinforcements...
It's their main force!
Keep calm. Abort the objective to escape.
Fall back to the trench and prepare to defend it!
Run! Don't look back!
Follow RO's direction! We're making a run for it!
If we do that, we'll have to split up. You can figure out a way to draw the military away so that we have more time to wake Ange up.
But even for me...this is a bit too risky...
The military will find us, but we'll be prepared.
That's to be expected, but we don't have a choice.
At least, we fight together.
And for ourselves.
AN-94, do you resent the choice I made?
...That's true.
All we need...is a stroke of luck.
Ange... Finally...
More than once. And you didn't just die. During resuscitation, you went back and forth between being a corpse and a zombie.
I don't know when you passed out, but the others have already set off half an hour ago.
You pushed yourself too hard before. Look, your heart almost stopped beating again.
But just having a route isn't enough.
Commander, we're leaving the situation out there to you.
We'll protect Ange, so don't worry.
It's their scouts! They seem to be moving towards us!
Nyet, but I don't know why! We must climb higher!
What the hell are you saying, Ange?
If you give up, what are we going to do?
Like what you did to the AR Team? You want to delete SOP-II's memories again?
How many more times do you want to die just to make us all forget you?!
You want to create roadside bombs using the HOCs' remaining artillery shells?
You want to blackmail them into retreating with the IEDs?
Subsequent battles?
Right...
Ange...
Commander, Griffin's party has returned to the building. We'll start mounting our final defenses.
The artillery shells have been modified into IEDs. AN-94 and I are installing them as fast as we can. We'll also sort out the detonator!
That's exactly why the Commander is so important, don't you think? We can't win if we never take any risks.
We're still installing them! Just hang in there for a bit!
416, what's going on?! 416!
416! SOP-II! What's happening out there?! Answer me!
416! Do you copy?!
We're not gonna make it...
Now that the enemies are inside the building, I can't wire them all together!
It's simply impossible to set up all the IEDs within such a limited amount of time!
We've come so far... Ange, is it really over...just like that?
...Ange?
...94, give it to her.
You want us to retreat without you?
Sorry, we can't do that. Yegor's forces already have this place completely surrounded.
...
I see. Then good luck.
94, tell SOP-II and 416 to retreat to the roof. We'll meet them there.
Ange is going to sort this out her own way.
Ange, how sure are you about this?
Optimistic as ever, I see.
Understood. I'll be waiting for your order.
Ange, do you copy? The Military is starting to withdraw. Our path to the extraction point is clear!
That was real dirty.
You always devise very elaborate plans with provisions made for various contingencies, yet now you talk about improvising.
I mean, I don't mind winging it when something unexpected happens, but you really went off the deep end this time - even I think so.
Hmm... The military has resumed their pursuit.
What enemies have you run into? Can you describe them?
Now we do. But what kind of enemies are we talking about?
Can't be helped. Ange's orders.
Just kidding. You've helped us and Ange out so many times. We should do something to return the favor.
Have you seen these stats, Ange? This is gonna be a very tough fight.
I'm dying to know where they came from... What the hell are they?!
Their defense line is about to collapse! Keep it up!
Does that matter? M82, I've located the target. Can you make a snipe from this distance?
We did our part.
Now...it's up to Ange and 416.
Ange, the battlefield is getting out of hand! We must withdraw!
Hurry, Ange! Keep running! We're almost there!
Ange?
Ange...
I can't do this...
Commander, Ange's radiation sickness escalated and became rampant. We obeyed her dying wish and put her down.
The rescue mission has ended in failure. AN-94 and I will bury Ange's body and self-destruct in 15 minutes.
Please...withdraw the rescue party and leave the battlefield as soon as you can.
Ange, the lurking threats are on the move.
Shall we continue surveillance?
Ange? Do you read me?
You mean you plan on using this opportunity to take the wind out of their sails?
There are five points about three kilometers beyond the wall where infected creatures are gathering. The reason for that is unknown.
According to visual inspection, those infected creatures don't seem to be in a stable condition. The garrison troops near the walls have not yet taken action.
Also, according to the latest weather forecast, there might be stormy weather afterwards, which will lead to a big spike in the nearby radiation levels.
The stormy weather might further agitate the Infected.
If I were the officer in charge of the quarantine wall's security, now would be the time to disperse those monsters with firepower.
Why?
Isn't an important international conference about to take place in the city?
So not many people are going to care about an abandoned capital?
Even if it comes with the risk of being attacked by infected creatures?
You mean the white ones?
I'm looking at this stone plaque.
Why are there no names carved on it?
So leaving it blank is a warning of sorts, then?
Still, Ange, won't people come here?
Since it's a place used to remember one's deceased friends...surely people would come here frequently to pay homage to them, right?
Forgotten?
So it's not just their names, but even the memorial plaque that commemorates them has been forgotten...
It seems a little sad.
"Your name is unknown, your deeds are immortal."
You look like something's weighing on you. Is there something worrying you besides the mission?
Nyet... this is too difficult for a Doll to understand.
Humans really are strange.
Since there's no need to worry about unexpected situations, why are we splitting our forces when we're only a single team to begin with?
Is she really your strongest? Isn't it because you felt she might be the most unpredictable factor?
It took us a long time to find her and AR-15, and we're still not clear what happened while they were gone.
Leaving aside that long blank period, just that final battle with the Military would probably be enough to affect her.
After all, that explosion engulfed the members of Griffin she once served with, and I can see how she blames herself even if she doesn't say it.
Moreover, she ended up fighting one of the former members of the AR Team...
I don't doubt her... She performed adequately back then.
I'm simply worried about whether she can continue fighting as a Tactical Doll.
Humph... I just knew you'd dump this troublesome crap on me.
Oh, it's nothing. Just that you looked really bored, so I thought I ought to go show some care and concern for a teammate.
You've become more distant ever since you came back.
How does returning to the team feel, M4?
So?
Seems you only like talking to yourself, is that it?
I wonder...
Is it because you want to focus on your mission or because... your partner in conversation isn't the other you?
Forget it, just stay this way.
The more mysterious you become, the more amusing it is to observe you.
Ange, something isn't quite right over here.
Something's happening at the wall.
You asked me to keep an eye on the local garrison units in addition to the infected creatures beyond the wall.
According to my previous observations, they've been patrolling according to a fixed pattern.
But just now, some of them broke off from their original patrol routes and began to assemble at the wall.
Nyet...
I didn't detect any external signals.
The units that broke off are now using a new IFF signal in place of their original one. The signal characteristics...are that of the White Faction.
Ange, what should we do now?
Ange, we've got a mutiny here.
The defenders inside the wall have split into two forces and are currently engaged in battle.
I'm sending you the data on the situation.
Should we stay here and continue observing?
Ange, are you sure? Using military force on foreign territory, even if it's to wipe out rebel troops...
Don't get mad... I just want to make sure if you really want us to carry out this order.
You need to think about the consequences of doing so.
So we'll be pointing our guns at humans then, is that it?
Although I'm inclined to agree with M4's opinion...
It can't be helped. Whatever you say, goes.
In that case...
Task Force DEFY will begin a new operation.
Eh, at a time like this...
We're wiping out a few defensive automatons while approaching the location where the defenders and rebels are exchanging fire.
Ange, if you're contacting us now... I trust it isn't good news, is it?
Ugh... That'll make things difficult.
Given the situation at the wall now...it looks like they won't be able to defend it at full strength.
There really are a lot of autonomous units here...
Still, they're making our job more troublesome.
Perhaps we should explain ourselves to the defenders to clear up their suspicions about us. That'll facilitate our future actions greatly.
But if the situation remains as it is, our mission will incur additional risk.
Some other way? Now I'm kind of looking forward to it.
Still, you'd better come up with it quickly... Time is running out for us.
We've nearly cleared out the units in the sector around the lowest levels.
We're going to head up. After this, we'll be making direct contact with human rebels.
M4, are you ready?
What's the matter?
This man's one of the wall's defenders. Huh, seems to be an officer, too.
As a human, he must have had a hard time holding out here by himself for so long.
Are you serious about this, M4?
Just now you were saying that joining this battle would lead to unnecessary complications, and now you're going to create an unnecessary complication of your own?
You really do like doing things your own way... Fair enough.
Let me see what this unnecessary complication brings us.
I'll make a move first, then.
Yeah, I heard it all over the radio.
Did you plan this?
...Is that really the case?
No matter how much you try to pretend you're a cold machine, you can't run away from who you are inside.
I won't hate you, even if you don't cover it up.
I understand.
Go do whatever you want, provided it doesn't jeopardize the mission.
That way, I'll be able to see more interesting things.
It's not like it's going to do you any harm now, is it?
The defenders are steadily encircling the rebels at the top of the wall.
The rebel forces have been cut in half and one of those halves is trying to escape...
Still, there's something weird here. The scans show that the fleeing rebels are heading toward the base of the wall.
Did you hear that, Ange? The enemy's situation is a little abnormal. I've already sent you the distribution of their forces.
Hang on a bit, I'm hacking the internal control systems of the wall.
I'm working as fast as I can.
After all, this equipment is intended to protect human lives, so obviously they'd be more careful about protecting it.
...
Alright, opening the door now.
This is bad! M4, he's planning to open the quarantine wall!
Talking to yourself again, M4?
Things aren't over yet.
As I thought...
I've finished pinpointing the message's source, I'll send you its location.
You've already failed. If you want to keep your lives, I'd advise you to not act rashly.
Why are you doing this? Weren't you originally garrison troops?
Your duty is to protect your people!
Can you face up to the badges you wear if you let infected creatures into the city?
Do you want to die?!
If you push that button, both you and the rest of your unit will perish!
You... You're a bunch of madmen!
M4! Look out!
These people are all insane!
Ange, we couldn't stop the rebels. They detonated the explosives.
The explosion wasn't particularly big, it just blew a hole in the quarantine wall, but even so, it's large enough that plugging the breach is not going to be easy.
What are you planning to do, Ange?
Being a busybody again?
As always, you're the kind of person who enjoys surfing in a thunderstorm.
But some ELIDs have already broken through the wall and into the city, and the Collapse contamination has also started seeping in thanks to the destruction of the purification tower and the storm.
If you don't want to take another radiation bath, I suggest you stay indoors. Just leave everything on the frontlines to M4 and me.
Disappointed?
Still, I must say...K actually has a point. Stopping the ELIDs has never been our job to begin with. We can still leave this mess if we want to.
Judging by the speed at which these ELIDs are swarming in, I'm afraid I can't say the same in another ten minutes. Your location won't be safe for long.
So we're buying them time...
With this level of training, I'm afraid they won't last very long.
Also, I just eavesdropped on the comms of the local garrison.
It appears that neither the mobilization of backup forces nor the evacuation of civilians are going too well.
Actually, the main reason why things have gone down so badly is because the rebels seized control of all automated heavy weapons beforehand.
I'm investigating, but...
It could be a time-delayed bomb. That would explain why the first explosion was a lot smaller than expected.
The rebels probably planned to trigger the second explosion as the rescue teams and engineer corps rushed in to plug the first opening.
Holding our position here no longer serves any purpose. We must leave this place before we're attacked from both sides.
No buts, M4. We're in combat. Our orders are absolute.
...Well? Did anyone take you up on your advice?
I figured as much. The ones who wanted to run would have fled right after the first explosion.
No matter why these people are so determined to stay...they've already missed the chance to escape.
I'm sure they all know what they're doing.
I have no intention of waiting for you, so I'm already gone.
What about you? Don't forget Ange's orders.
In the end, you're the one who can't stop obsessing over things that are none of your business.
I'm very interested in seeing what will come of you. Make sure you don't die out there.
I didn't want to interrupt this Chicken Soup for the Soul moment, but AR-15 just got in touch.
They seem to be in big trouble.
How unusual.
I've never heard you sigh before. At least you've never done it in my presence. Now I'm curious.
You made the right call. We can't save everyone.
All clear. Let's move.
Stop. The drone detects ELIDs up ahead.
There aren't too many of them. We're in a rush so let's plough through them.
Just giving you a heads-up so you can prepare for combat. You take the left, I'll focus on the right.
If we're only talking about combat, you might actually make a decent partner.
Your friend told me a few things about you so I didn't expect much from you in battle.
Don't misunderstand, I'm genuinely curious, and I intend to keep observing you like a hawk.
But right now we have more important things... Ange? What's the matter?
...Nyet, we haven't received any signals or picked up any transmissions so far.
You haven't been able to contact them?
Assuming nothing unexpected happens on the way.
I hope you're right. If you've got ELIDs where you are, we're too far away to run to your rescue, you know.
Why wouldn't she be?
She said she's okay on her own, so she's going to be alright.
It'd be too much to have two Dolls muttering to themselves in Task Force DEFY, don't you think?
Da, this is it. The building facing the square with the bronze statue of a rider.
But this terrain... I'm afraid we can't just barge in through the front doors.
Better late than never. There's a difference between giving prompt support and waltzing right into a trap.
Contrary to the narrow streets with plenty of cover, the square is exposed and can be easily monitored from a high vantage point.
Whoever won the fight is most probably ready to take us on.
Let's take a few minutes to scout around the building first and try to see if anything seems wrong in there.
We'll have to enter eventually, but I don't want to be blown into smithereens before we even get inside.
A little, but not as worried as you are about AR-15.
Unlike suicidal maniacs like you and AR-15, AN-94 has a very clear idea of who she is and what role she plays.
Even if AR-15 wants to do something stupid, I'm sure AN-94 will try to stop her.
Wanna join my Human and Doll Observation Club? If you pay your member's fee now, you can be our second member.
Everything you do gives me great insight, even your highly defensive reactions.
I am always dead serious.
Also, I need to concentrate on searching the area. Please keep an eye on the comms channel and see if you can pick up on anything nearby.
Don't just search for friendly signals. Turn off your IFF for the time being. It'd be great if we can pick up anything even from S.F. or the white things.
Oh? Are they actually being so ostentatious? I'll bet you anything this isn't part of K's plan.
It would seem that the Griffin Commander isn't really the type to do things by the book.
Well, thanks to your Commander's broadcast, I now have a pretty good idea on the situation here.
I'm absolutely certain that we'll be walking into an ambush in the opera house.
The fact that the radio broadcast is still transmitting shows that the interference caused by the storm isn't strong enough to shut down communications in the whole area.
However, the opera house is as quiet as a black hole. That's totally unnatural.
I'm glad to see you're keeping up.
We have a tough fight ahead. Are you ready?
Looks like we're alone.
Stay back, M4! Leave this to...whoa!
...!
That was trickier than I expected...
Good thing we anticipated the possibility of walking into an ambush and rigged a bomb outside beforehand.
Go, M4!
No matter what you want to do, do it!
Sangvis Manufacture Model SP721, "Hunter", isn't it?
Actually...I'm not with Griffin.
And just like your friend, you will soon pay the price for your ignorance.
All clear. Let's move.
Stop. The drone detects ELIDs up ahead.
There aren't too many of them. We're in a rush so let's plough through them.
Just giving you a heads-up so you can prepare for combat. You take the left, I'll focus on the right.
If we're only talking about combat, you might actually make a decent partner.
Your friend told me a few things about you so I didn't expect much from you in battle.
Don't misunderstand, I'm genuinely curious, and I intend to keep observing you like a hawk.
But right now we have more important things... Ange? What's the matter?
...Nyet, we haven't received any signals or picked up any transmissions so far.
You haven't been able to contact them?
Assuming nothing unexpected happens on the way.
I hope you're right. If you've got ELIDs where you are, we're too far away to run to your rescue, you know.
Why wouldn't she be?
She said she's okay on her own, so she's going to be alright.
It'd be too much to have two Dolls muttering to themselves in Task Force DEFY, don't you think?
Da, this is it. The building facing the square with the bronze statue of a rider.
But this terrain... I'm afraid we can't just barge in through the front doors.
Better late than never. There's a difference between giving prompt support and waltzing right into a trap.
Contrary to the narrow streets with plenty of cover, the square is exposed and can be easily monitored from a high vantage point.
Whoever won the fight is most probably ready to take us on.
Let's take a few minutes to scout around the building first and try to see if anything seems wrong in there.
We'll have to enter eventually, but I don't want to be blown into smithereens before we even get inside.
A little, but not as worried as you are about AR-15.
Unlike suicidal maniacs like you and AR-15, AN-94 has a very clear idea of who she is and what role she plays.
Even if AR-15 wants to do something stupid, I'm sure AN-94 will try to stop her.
Wanna join my Human and Doll Observation Club? If you pay your member's fee now, you can be our second member.
Everything you do gives me great insight, even your highly defensive reactions.
I am always dead serious.
Also, I need to concentrate on searching the area. Please keep an eye on the comms channel and see if you can pick up on anything nearby.
Don't just search for friendly signals. Turn off your IFF for the time being. It'd be great if we can pick up anything even from S.F. or the white things.
Oh? Are they actually being so ostentatious? I'll bet you anything this isn't part of K's plan.
It would seem that the Griffin Commander isn't really the type to do things by the book.
Well, thanks to your Commander's broadcast, I now have a pretty good idea on the situation here.
I'm absolutely certain that we'll be walking into an ambush in the opera house.
The fact that the radio broadcast is still transmitting shows that the interference caused by the storm isn't strong enough to shut down communications in the whole area.
However, the opera house is as quiet as a black hole. That's totally unnatural.
I'm glad to see you're keeping up.
We have a tough fight ahead. Are you ready?
Looks like we're alone.
Stay back, M4! Leave this to...whoa!
...!
That was trickier than I expected...
Good thing we anticipated the possibility of walking into an ambush and rigged a bomb outside beforehand.
Go, M4!
No matter what you want to do, do it!
Sangvis Manufacture Model SP721, "Hunter", isn't it?
Actually...I'm not with Griffin.
And just like your friend, you will soon pay the price for your ignorance.
Aha, yes, we hear you.
Hello, this is the Military, please identify yourselves for follow-up contact.
So it's UMP45.
Looks like you've already met, which saves me the trouble of introducing them.
Well, your usual work is hardly more honorable than this. One rarely gets the chance to carry out such enjoyable missions.
Well, I'm kind of disappointed that you aren't the Commander, but given the urgency of the situation, I guess you'll do.
We snuck into the second underground level, found Paradeus' research labs, then S.F. rushed in and all hell broke loose.
After that, someone cut the power. Now we're stuck in a quarantine compartment on the second floor.
She's trapped in another area, and she's in a pretty tricky situation.
If only it were that simple. It's hard to explain.
In any case, we need you to get us out ASAP.
The signal isolation on level 2 is incredibly strong and we can't really pinpoint locations.
Come on down to level 2 and find a way to join us. It's not too big down here.
Oh yes, just a reminder, if you encounter any crashed S.F. or Paradeus, stay well clear of them.
I don't know why they've shut down, but these statue impostors are easily reactivated by external stimuli.
Then again, you've always been a squad that excels at infiltration, so it shouldn't be a problem for you.
Loud and clear.
Reinforcements, you say?
Have the female gorilla and her caretaker come back to us?
Or have Griffin forces finally fought their way in here?
So it's the leader of Squad 404, huh. What about the rest of them?
Just her?
Alright, then. Though a single Doll can't do much, finding out exactly how much 404 hates their leader is a sort of reward in itself.
So you've already met. I guess you know how things are between us now.
Hm, it's true that she's the only one who can do both of those things.
None of us could fit through such a small duct apart from these juveniles.
At first, we were hoping that she could head out and find Griffin forces so they could blast through the door from the outside, but none of us expected her to bring back Miss UMP45, the weakest Doll among all present company.
I expected nothing less of Squad 404's leader; you're always exceeding our expectations and doing things we can't.
While you were playing house with those juveniles, I tried establishing a connection again, but it didn't work out. My signal couldn't merge with those juveniles' consciousness, which means I won't be able to reach their base layer.
I'll keep trying while 94 fills you in on the situation.
Quiet, Ange. The Military's here.
The AR Team is sending over information on the Sangvis forces that Dandelion has gathered so far.
Yup. They've brought the whole village along.
My head...felt like it was going to come right off.
I don't mind being cooped up in a crate for hours.
But at least equip the crate with a parachute for the landing, for goodness sake.
This wasn't exactly how I planned to disembark from the plane.
I'm coming, end of story. Let's be friends, Miss Morridow.
Have you had dealings with this Chairwoman Ulrich before?
Do you think she can be trusted?
I see~
How attentive of you, Miss Secretary. It must be tough doing this kind of work.
How surprising.
I've been working with Angelia for such a long time I've almost forgotten there are actually good people in the world.
Hahahaha, you are incredibly forthright.
But you might want to call me Lucia for now.
Hahahaha, you Germans have such a great sense of humor!
She does sound pretty useful, Ange.
I do hope it will go smoothly.
Unfortunately, from what I can tell, some things are beyond even the chairwoman's control.
People are the same everywhere, eh?
That sounds very comedic coming from you.
Wanna bet?
It's understandable.
We're in quite a bit of a pickle right now, after all.
Thanks to our previous good deed of the day, the whole world now has their eyes on Griffin and Ange.
Everyone wants to know what happened in "that base" and the truth behind "that tech".
People of all kinds, nefarious or otherwise.
I'm sure we're being watched very closely.
So given our circumstances, careful planning is certainly required before we begin our operation.
Going in blind without a clue will only land us in an even stickier situation.
But let's come back to our task at hand.
This is a really tough nut to crack.
Going out to buy a bottle of water and running into a dozen agents spying on us.
Having only ever watched people myself, I never thought I'd have the pleasure of being on the receiving end of this treatment.
Stop quoting poems out of context.
Come to think of it, how goes the "pest extermination"?
Which just goes to show that even those who look nice and friendly can be up to no good.
So have you disabled them all?
It's not necessarily a bad thing even if you leave a bug or two.
If there's anything you want, just inform our eavesdropping friends.
They may have it delivered right away.
But look at it another way.
What we went through in Tallinn and Paldiski is our insurance and hole card.
It is the reason why Ange is granted a travel pass that gives her free passage.
I admire how effortlessly you just swanned your way into the conversation.
Is it Havier?
Sounds like a sweet factory.
And I was just saying we didn't have one.
Break time's over, 94.
Never thought I'd ever have the chance of partnering with you.
I'm friendly and communicative enough to handle this alone.
You don't even have a pistol with you. What good will you be if things get out of hand?
Since when am I your senior?
You didn't leave the factory that much later than me.
15 talking about me? Impossible.
Actually, she doesn't talk, period.
How do you know about our training days?
How about you wipe that infuriating smirk off your face?
It looks positively repulsive.
I wouldn't go that far.
But since you've adopted this persona...
Surely you're aware that people won't find it easy to trust you?
Then let me give it to you straight.
You reek of danger.
There may be some that actually find you friendly and easy-going.
But to me, you might as well be a deadly nightshade.
It was just a momentary urge.
Besides, my metaphors are much better than yours.
We're just here on a simple visit.
Beautiful flowers go well with beautiful women, don't they?
It's all thanks to the hard work of you people.
Does anyone disagree with that fact?
Does the Flora Institute really need all these flowers?
What about the rest? Do you just throw them away?
So basically...
Be my guest.
So you're their superior?
He doesn't seem to be the sharpest tool in the shed.
If you weren't up to no good, why didn't you just come and strike up a proper conversation?
You seem to know a lot of things that we don't.
Would you mind having a little chat with us pretty ladies?
You got left behind.
Well, Mr. Supervisor?
Mind telling us what you know?
...Hm?
Crap. We've been had.
Don't throw up on me, Ange.
I like my outfit.
You were right on, Ange.
These Stasi blokes have been investigating this place for a while. K has already arranged for them to assist us.
You were incredibly lucky. When we arrived, you were just about to blow Miss Secretary's head open.
We didn't see anyone else other than the three of you.
Also, you're not out of danger yet. The enemy forces that AN-94 reported are surrounding this place.
Since you're in no state to move, evacuation is impossible.
Just a ragtag group of thugs—nothing to worry about.
They barely know how to use their weapons.
We killed a few of them. Now they're all hovering outside, too afraid to come in.
Can I break his fingers, Ange?
I told you, they're hardly any trouble.
We'll just have to wait it out.
Not at all, 94. Your friend hasn't been slowing you down, has she?
You're right on time.
Humph... That fox has a good nose on her.
Cause of death appears to be asphyxiation. Time of death is at around 6 this evening.
Where to begin?
...
...
Have you found out anything worth knowing, Mr. Hopps?
Mr. Hopps, why don't you investigate something else and let me chat with Adam for a bit?
If he tries to run, he'll have to worry about his femurs.
So, Adam, where should we start?
Right, you were telling Mr. Hopps about bookkeeping.
I'm guessing you were trying to settle the account for the Sweet Dreams Box transaction?
Well, aren't you forthcoming.
Of course you aren't.
The housemother asked you to transport something called a Sweet Dreams Box from the orphanage. The delivery must be carried out under the cover of night, so you showed up at her office at the agreed time. You knocked but nobody answered the door.
You left, but you weren't happy about being stood up, so you returned and peered inside the office through the window. That's when you realized it wasn't locked. You climbed in through the window and found the housemother dead.
However, you did not want to leave empty-handed.
You rummaged through her shelves for something valuable, but you probably didn't have much luck since the room was already turned upside down.
In the end, you took the cuckoo clock that was hanging on the wall to the left of the door. Your trail around the office could easily be tracked by the footprints you left on the documents strewn across the floor.
You've got a good eye. That gold rose is probably the most valuable thing about the cuckoo clock. That's what you took it for, I suppose?
Could you explain the task that the housemother gave you?
What exactly is a Sweet Dreams Box?
What's inside?
This consignee, Powell. Do you know them?
They're the reason you're here?
What do you mean?
Our plans always unravel because of the Dolls that are rolled out after us. Who's going to be the one that messes up, I wonder?
But are you sure this is a good idea?
Waltzing into the refugee settlement without any backup?
Such slipshod plans aren't your style at all.
Well, let's just hope this won't be the day when the trick doesn't work.
Yes, Ange.
Understood.
We are fairly far away from the HVT.
But the refugees nearby are starting to congregate and they don't look too friendly.
You mean they're waiting for us to come?
We know better than to get sidetracked. It just doesn't sit right with Antje.
Renate, can you see the target from your location?
He's in our blind spot.
Enjoy the view.
Antje, we're switching locations.
Piece of cake. Their disguise is pretty flimsy.
What should we do with them? Do we engage?
Judging by the way they're moving, they're definitely armed.
Ha... Another good deed of the day?
I'm in position.
There are only three of them. Don't insult me.
Copy that.
Voilà.
Ange, take a look at this.
The cops have left the alley.
Are you sure about this?
The capture will likely go better if you leave that to us.
Understood.
We've lost our stalkers, but the refugees nearby have started gathering this way. This doesn't look entirely natural.
I'm not sure. They aren't displaying any hostile behavior, but they could be tipping others off about our location.
We will try our best to avoid getting spotted as we relocate to a new observation point.
Watch out, Ange. The refugees outside heard the gunshots and are gathering outside the church.
They have the building completely surrounded. I suggest you stay put inside.
Do you have the HVT?
Copy that.
One moment, establishing visual link.
Right, that's him. We'll keep observing the HVT. You now have his real-time coordinates.
You'd better hurry. I have a feeling that things are going to get worse the longer this drags on.
You mean YOU are not too pleased about that. As if Erwin would care about this kind of thing.
There are more and more refugees surrounding the church.
There are also people who don't look like refugees hidden in the crowd.
Is it because of the explosion?
I can jump in through the roof.
Ange, someone's firing at us!
Can you see them from where you are?
I've tried, but they can't be accessed remotely at all.
All their ports are closed.
Acknowledged.
Antje, get out our rifles and prepare to move.
They're pretty slow. This won't be too difficult.
Ange, get out of there!
The automatons are rigged with explosives! This church can't withstand the impact!
Ange, go!
We're almost out of ammo!
No, we need to stay just a little longer.
Trust me, trust Ange, and trust our stupid teammates.
We have to make our stand here.
Tsk, I'm out of ammo.
Oh wow, it's been a while since I last saw you get your hands beautifully dirty in a fight, Ange.
I thought you didn't need any help and was going to let you take all the credit this time.
Ange was worried that you wouldn't fall for the ploy, so she asked us to make it look like we got taken out.
I've been following you the whole time and I slipped aboard the freighter the moment it landed.
Then I had a long chat with your pilot, who happily agreed to catch a nap while I fly the plane.
I wouldn't try anything funny if I were you.
You may have faster reflexes than Ange, but this military-grade Tactical Doll and her automatic rifle would be more than happy to entertain you—with 5.45x39mm full metal jacket AP rounds.
Unlike Ange, I don't have a "gone through fire and water together" kind of bond with you. It'd be terrible if my finger slips and I shoot you into Swiss cheese.
First of all, Ange isn't my master, just my commander.
Secondly, we've prepared parachutes beforehand.
Though supply is obviously limited.
On it!
Have you considered getting a pair of bionic limbs yourself?
94? ...Ange!
What the hell have you done to her...you bastards?!
Take it easy, Ange. You look like hell.
You're right, but I have a feeling this isn't over yet. There must be a reason why they're suddenly putting us back together.
Well, they can suck it. 15, did you pass by any armories on your way here?
Good enough. We'll each get ourselves a gun and shoot our way out of here.
You're in charge of carrying Ange. It's not like you can be of much use anyway.
Unexpected development?
What's the meaning of this?
A 48-hour interrogation experience?
Not even an extra minute?
Can I extend my session?
Apparently, they were worried that the four of us would be violent in our resistance.
Which is ridiculous—if we had wanted to raise hell, it would make no difference whether we were locked together or separately.
What do you make of this, Ange?
True, we shouldn't count on the Germans suddenly developing a conscience.
No thanks, I can run a diagnostic on my own.
...
I'm with her on this one, Ange.
You can play tough all you want in front of others, but you sound like you want to get back to work in your current state.
Not only is that reckless, it's downright stupid.
Then what difference does a few more hours make?
You said it yourself—you thought they were going to keep you for at least a week.
But it's only been 48 hours—plus a few more hours of sleep.
We're actually ahead of schedule.
Yes, ma'am.
Good morning, Ange.
It's on your bedside table. I also got you some blueberry cookies.
You look like you could use some carbs and vitamins.
Thanks.
I just gave you a quick checkup. You needed medical treatment.
If I hadn't scanned you, how would I know when you would wake up?
How do you feel?
I'm asking about how you're feeling.
The scan result says as much.
If it were anybody else, I'd recommend staying in bed for another week, but I'm guessing you're already raring to go.
What can I say? It's exactly what you'd expect in the very heart of Germany.
This apartment is much better equipped than the one we were given in Bremen—in terms of both living condition and surveillance.
RPK alone has discovered enough bugs and hidden cameras to open a store.
While you were resting, RPK and I have gathered some information on what happened while we were detained.
As you expected, K let Morridow escape.
Hard to say, but most of the Stasi agents would be in this building.
It may well be someone else if they're monitoring us from across the street.
Oh, and it's not all bad news.
They found this when they searched Morridow's apartment.
Looks familiar, doesn't it?
Not yet, RPK is on it.
But even if we find it, these Germans won't let you wander around.
Are you sure you want to know? Don't say I didn't warn you, but it's even worse than in Bremen.
Also, these people aren't friendly at all. I doubt we'd be getting any burger deliveries from them.
Easier said than done. We don't have Stasi agents giving us a hand this time. Quite the contrary, they are mobilizing en masse just to monitor our movements.
This is their home turf, it will be challenging to slip away from right under their nose, to say the least.
I was just about to get to that.
RPK and I spent the whole night trying to figure that out, but we haven't got much to work with.
The Germans aren't happy at all that we've been let out and are watching our every move.
That's not entirely true. At the very least, we learned more about the current situation.
By the looks of it, Berlin already has its hands full with its own problems.
Look at this.
There have been a large number of incidents in Berlin in the past three months.
They've had multiple riots, bombings and other kinds of insurgence. Due to the difficulty in investigating and the sheer number of cases, the Berlin police is gradually losing control over the situation.
And in the last month, these disturbances have started to affect the daily life of ordinary citizens.
It probably triggered some deep-seated malcontent in the people, and large-scale demonstrations broke out in the city.
That's right—they're taking place this very moment. The government district is still able to maintain the illusion that all is well, but it's utter chaos in the Old Town district.
As you can see on TV.
Ange?!
...Should I run a more detailed scan on it?
Right... Then let's just hope you won't suddenly drop your gun when facing off some bad guy.
Not even you?
And revolting. It's probably a stupid question, but does this remind you of anyone in particular?
I'm getting a mop.
For cleaning up my puke.
I've always thought Germans are stoic.
Turns out they are still very vocal about their dissatisfaction when they are pushed too far.
Still very much with us. These people are not on the same league as those from yesterday.
The person in command here isn't to be taken lightly.
It'd be a shame if you miss your booking and lose your table at the bar.
In that case, let's make use of these rowdy folks.
We'll teach our creepy stalkers to fear us Soviet agents.
Ange! Ange, where are you?!
Welcome back.
There's nothing much to explain.
When we got separated from you in the crowd, we immediately realized it would be extremely difficult to regroup.
So we changed strategies and decided to track down those who were monitoring us instead.
It didn't take much effort. After all, they still knew exactly where we were under those circumstances.
It was either GPS trackers or having a high vantage point.
Once we understood that, it wasn't difficult figuring out the rest.
I don't trust them. J did a decent job in Bremen,
But ensuring Ange's safety is my top priority.
I only agreed to wait because I believe in Ange.
So...have you had your meeting?
How did it go?
So who exactly was he, Ange?
He's telling the truth, Ange. I read them.
I couldn't very well just sit here and wait, could I?
The three of them have been transported to Berlin for imprisonment.
But you're not gonna believe this.
Leone was released due to mental illness. She's now living quite a cushy life at a sanatorium.
Still in Berlin, obviously.
I agree, Ange.
Surely you have a lot to discuss with us...
About your conversation with Grif...the Earl ?
...
...Are you alright?
You were moaning and talking in your sleep.
You seemed to be having a nightmare. To be honest, it was really unlike you.
It grossed me out a bit.
You hate duck?
The Commander got in touch.
Okay.
Don't tell me you've forgotten—he is a friend of Shaw's. Don't expect me to badmouth him.
But he is helping us, that's a fact.
And he has a point when he says that we don't have a choice, Ange.
But there really is no other way.
Besides, what he's asking you to do is on your own agenda to begin with.
He just rubbed it in your face to rile you up.
And speaking of your agenda, we had a little chat with the Stasi whelp this morning.
Yes.
You don't seem to like him?
However?
I've never seen a male Nyto.
But on the bright side, if he really turns out to be another spy...
Then Paradeus has basically delivered an opening wrapped as a gift straight to you, don't you think?
Everything the Earl told you checks out.
Shortly after we and the Stasi captured Leone, she was transported to Berlin on official notice.
Once she arrived, she filed an appeal.
The court ruled that she suffered serious mental and physical trauma and exempted her from serving a sentence.
That's how she got off scot-free.
You're going to break your cup.
That's right. She's at Galatea Sanatorium, enjoying the best security and treatment.
And as RPK has previously mentioned, all data in the Flora Institute has been wiped clean.
We cannot trace them directly, but fortunately, the Bremen government has some public records of several people and organizations who have worked with the Institute in the past.
We've compiled a list.
I'm afraid there isn't such a person on our list.
You're really looking forward to it.
Okay~
Don't mind her. Ange isn't being particularly hard on you.
She's like that to everyone.
What are news reporters doing here? Other than Leone, are there any other high-profile patients in this sanatorium?
I gather it didn't go well?
But Gray was TOO fast. It's too much of a coincidence... This is exactly like how it was in Bremen.
Even if it isn't Light, one of his subordinates could be leaking our plans.
Don't forget—if Gray has the power to get Leone acquitted...
Then she's more than capable of planting moles in the Stasi.
Sometimes it's best not to ask too many questions.
It won't do you any good, Mr. Light.
Ange? How did it go?
Isn't it better to let the actual townie handle this?
I mean the whelp.
Alright, alright, leave it to me.
Yep, piece of cake. The Berlin underworld network is transparent like glass.
There are four people smuggling goods into the prison, two of which have gone missing since a while ago.
Coincidentally, two new players have taken their places, and as far as I know, the other two have no objections about that.
The conditions are even better than some regular residential areas in Bremen.
The standard of living really varies from city to city.
Well, clearly you've made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
Apparently?
I could tell from your face that you haven't returned empty-handed.
I have 94 watching the whelp. 15 and 16 are on the lookout.
You don't want him to take part in what's coming up?
What's the plan?
What's this?
So either there is another source...
Or they still have spies in the Stasi.
Which do you think is more probable?
Me, 94, 15, 16, and the Griffin Commander.
You're not alone in this fight, Ange.
Relax. You're being too hard on yourself.
What a nightmare.
The competent Miss Kalina succumbed at a time like this?
No wonder she wasn't there at the pub.
Ange...?
Ange!
Ange?
You think the attack is going to happen?
That does make sense. Then the woman is the key to the whole conspiracy?
Understood.
No unusual activity in the left wing.
She didn't even bother to hide her prosthetics. I honestly don't know what to say.
Aren't they concerned about being recognized?
Just to make it clear... What we're about to do is absolutely illegal.
Depending on the outcome, it could greatly jeopardize your position.
I'm surprised Zelinsky even put up with you for so long.
Then it's a go. Remember to keep your weapons loaded.
And you, Ange, stay behind me and don't do anything rash.
Ange!!
Deep breaths, Ange. Deep breaths.
Ange, look at me.
Do you remember what happened?
Good, looks like you've got all your marbles.
Don't worry, I'm fine. Just a few mangled components jamming my joints...
I need emergency repairs... It's hard to move.
When I can stand on my legs again, killing you will be the first thing I do.
That would be counterproductive.
We cannot afford to undermine your performance in battle—that could prove fatal for Ange.
Just get me back to the apartment. 94 has the necessary tools.
I don't know, but shouldn't we also retreat?
We're in no condition to initiate a pursuit.
15... Stay calm.
Good. Give me my rifle.
I'm gonna gun down this pompous woman.
How unlike you to have a heart-to-heart with the young man.
I'm almost touched.
I'm wounded and deserve some rest.
Besides, I have a feeling you'd want to talk.
You're too tense.
I've studied up on analyzing human body language.
You've always avoided windows, but you didn't tend to deliberately sit facing the door when we're around.
You need help, Ange.
You can't topple Paradeus single-handedly.
I'm not trying to put in a good word for the whelp, but he was referred to us by J and K.
And if it hadn't been for him today, we would've met our end then and there.
Worst case, you still have us. We may be called "DEFY", but we will never betray you.
Oh, there's the Griffin Commander as well.
That's more like it. That's the Ange I know.
We mustn't let her succeed, no matter what she's after.
Speaking of which, I was just going to ask if you...
Enemy attack.
Ange, get down!
I'm trying to reach them...
Damn! Signal is being jammed!
...I'm afraid that's not true.
This bit of heat is nothing to me.
But if you're dead, there's no point for me to live, is there?
Good idea. Unfortunately, I'm currently in no shape to execute such acrobatics.
I think our enemies know that.
Ange will be dead the moment she pokes her head out.
Wait, stop bickering!
Something's down there!
What the hell?! Couldn't you think of a better idea?!
The ONLY drawback? You're too lenient about your own tactic.
Here they come.
...If we're to get Ange out of here...
Someone will have to draw their fire.
That's right.
It is the only way.
I'm not an idiot like you.
Of course I know.
I'm smarter than the two of you combined.
If I say there's no other way, there is no other way.
Ange, I've told you many times—you must prioritize your own life.
Don't get yourself killed because of a Doll.
There are battlefields more worthy of your sacrifice.
RPK.
For now.
If anything happens to Ange, I don't give a damn about what Shaw has got to say.
I will make you wish you could access your own base code.
What about you?
They say people speak kindly as their death draws near. You're not planning to die here with me, are you?
I see. You've got a decent head on your shoulders.
Still, I might just sign off for a while.
Cut the crap.
Time to show those Paradeus brats...
What a true Tactical Doll is made of.
If it isn't the AR Team! It's been a while.
You should go in and get a drink. The bartender here is pretty good.
Of all the bars Ange and I have visited, his mixing skills rank among the top three.
It's obviously because there's someone annoying in there.
Not too good. Recently, Ange's been... Well, I guess you can tell.
Of course... She's the cause of all this. If it weren't for her, we wouldn't even be here.
She's a devious high-spec Nyto who is an expert in pretense. She can change personalities the way people change clothes.
Without question. Morridow is a talented con artist. Ange's as sharp as a knife and even she was deceived.
Oh? Then you'd better be careful. All the grief we've gone through recently is thanks to her.
She's also very good at changing her image to take advantage of her victim's weaknesses.
I'm a bit concerned—someone like the Commander could certainly resist interrogation, but perhaps not a request for help coming from a weak and vulnerable person.
Don't worry, Ange's definitely going to give the Commander lots of useful suggestions.
In order to reduce my processing load, I usually "close" my eyes. Don't worry though, as this does not affect my vision nor judgment.
People don't need to force themselves this hard. After all, not everyone is born to be chosen by the call of duty.
Hm? What are you doing being all sneaky peeky like, Commander? Something interesting going on?
I didn't have much faith in you at first, Commander.
But you always stayed fresh and unique, so I couldn't keep my eyes off you...
My, is this what they call charisma? I'm expecting great things from you...
Hm...a new Commander? Let's just see how long you'll keep me entertained.
...Hmm? Are you sneaking peeks at me? We're already used to each other, so why not just look at me properly?
Hm...a new Commander? Let's just see how long you'll keep me entertained.
I can tell it's you without having to look, Commander.
A new employee? Hurry up and introduce yourself!
If only that person is here too...
Performance upgrade is a waste without tactical understandings.
Dummy doll's performance cannot be compare to me. I have to rely on myself of course!
Don't need any deep computation for this kind of missions.
Finally done. Whats up next.
Starting automated operations.
Time to get serious, mission start.
Prepare for attack.
Radar scan, start.
Deep computating mode.
Removing fire rate limit.
Damage exceeds predicted levels.
Mission failed, preparing to retreat.
Saving mission results... Save complete.
Verifying mission data.
What is it? Ah, it's just candy. Ah, look over there! There's a shrine maiden!
I love this season. The crimson red of blood on pure white snow. Ah, I was talking about Santa.
Hatsumodo? I'll pass. I already went there.
That damn AN-94 forcing me to receive this chocolate. Ah, Commander. Are you hungry? I got sweets.
I don't remember any of my wish. Moreover let's go to the festival already.
Girls' Frontline! 
