Angelia: It took me two minutes...

Angelia: ...to regain my consciousness.

Angelia: I spent ten minutes...

Angelia: ...groveling on the ground, crawling on all fours, leaning against cover, and doing some feeble first-aid on myself - but it's better than nothing.

Angelia: I spent a minute...

Angelia: ...thinking.

Angelia: ...Trying to figure out if I was alive or dead.

Angelia: Then it took me ten seconds to arrive at the conclusion...

Angelia: I'm still alive, but I'll be dead soon.

Angelia: Cough...

Angelia: Cough...

Angelia: This is unbearable... my body isn't working properly...

Angelia: M4A1...

Angelia: AK-12...

Angelia: Can you hear me? What's your situation? And the mastermind? Did you intercept her?

...

...There is only static in the channel.

Angelia: Tsk... this place is too saturated with radiation for comms to work. I must...get out of here...

Angelia: I don't know if this body...can even handle a fight...

...Ange shoves her communicator into her pocket with great difficulty.

Angelia: I can't say I don't care about my physical appearance at all, so I have no desire to find out what my face looks like right now.

Angelia: But judging by my hands...I must look like a proper monster.

Angelia: I will eventually succumb to death...and something worse...

Angelia: Cough! Cough!

Angelia: I know what that is...

??: GUARGHHHHH!!

Angelia: ...!

...Blood-curdling howls can be heard from afar.

Angelia: ...It's them. I know these ominous howls. The stuff of nightmares from even before WWIII.

Angelia: My wheezing and coughing will draw them this way. I have to leave this place...soon!

Later... Ange hides behind cover and the communicator suddenly comes to life.

Persica: Ange! Ange, are you alright?! You didn't answer for so long! I thought you'd...

Angelia: Cough...I won't turn into what you thought so easily...

Havier: Ange, I knew you'd be alright—

Havier: Haha, that's a lie. I was certain that you died, but you actually survived. This is the second time you surprised me.

Angelia: Sorry for defying your expectations and not dying. Let's compare notes. I'm still within the contamination zone but I can't get in touch with Task Force DEFY.

Angelia: If they didn't complete the mission, we must have a back-up plan for the back-up plan...

Angelia: I know you don't really give a damn about whether I live or die, Havier, but it doesn't hurt to ask - can you give us any kind of support? I'll take anything.

Havier: You know I can't bypass Statesec's authority to lend you aid. Why don't you ask your chief?

Angelia: You must be joking!

Angelia: I even detonated that freaking dirty bomb! NOW you're telling me you can't bypass some goddamn authority?!

Havier: Calm down, young lady. Getting worked up will accelerate the infection.

Angelia: ...You know I'm infected?

Havier: Anyone inside the irradiation zone of a Collapse Fluid dirty bomb is definitely going to be affected by Eurosky Low-Emission Infectious Disease. Whether you can make it out alive depends entirely on your endurance. At least, judging by your reaction, your current physical condition seems to be alright.

Angelia: Well, thanks for the praise...

Persica: Don't be hasty, Ange. Havier has been coordinating reinforcements the whole time. Let him finish, okay?

Angelia: Fine...cough...I guess...

Havier: Sorry, let's cut to the chase. I will try to get in touch with your Chief Zelinsky.

Havier: But I know even you can tell that the chances of him sending in reinforcements are close to nil. That's why you haven't contacted him yourself, isn't that right?

Angelia: Indeed, I won't put my hopes on them. Especially since I set off the dirty bomb, I've effectively aligned myself against the chief...

Havier: However, I won't let him hinder our efforts, which is why Persica and I have already come up with a solution for you.

Havier: Rather than relying on others, why not solve the problem yourself? Explain away, Persica.

Persica: Sorry, Ange. You said before that with their current armaments, T-Dolls cannot fight the military on even ground. It got me thinking...

Persica: You remember that the Griffin Commander once captured a Sangvis Ringleader?

Angelia: You mean...the Doll...known as "Architect"?

Havier: I applaud your memory. She is a fantastic technological sample. Very willing to cooperate, too.

Havier: Persica has collected a lot of data from her and her weaponry and created some new stuff out of them.

Angelia: You developed weapons using the enemy's anatomy?

Havier: Don't worry. We didn't thank her.

Havier: Persica has been conducting related research on her. Theoretically speaking, T-Dolls can be equipped with some sort of heavy weaponry, which will make them more powerful. Naturally, the cost of research and development will be quite considerable. After all, programming an AI capable of allowing multiple T-Dolls to control complex weapons isn't exactly cheap.

Angelia: Control heavy weapons? But doesn't this go against the terms and conditions regarding armaments of PMCs?

Havier: It's expensive, dangerous, and illegal. This kind of stuff doesn't sell at all. Theoretically, as an investor, I should stop Persica from pouring resources into this research.

Angelia: But you're exactly the kind of guy that likes playing with such dangerous things...

Havier: "Boring weapons are worthless!" You'd better thank me for being exactly the kind of guy that might just save you.

Angelia: Cough... You have my deepest gratitude...

Angelia: Still, you're wrong about one thing, Havier - the likelihood of me escaping successfully is infinitesimal.

Angelia: The one I want you to aid is the Griffin Commander. Hand those expensive, dangerous, and illegal toys of yours to the Commander, and Griffin's forces might just get out of this...

Persica: What? But you need help the most...!

Angelia: Me? What else can I do...? I'm taking my last breaths in the epicenter of the irradiation zone. I can't pursue the mastermind, nor do I have any T-Dolls with me to fight off the military...

Angelia: Even if you send your heavy weapons over, they'll only be dealing with some ELID zombies... Havier, I'm sure you won't invest in something unprofitable, right?

Havier: ...

Persica: But...

Angelia: I'm merely stating facts. You know I only ever consider the consequences when planning my moves.

Havier: Are you certain? You honestly think this commander is worth trading your life for?

Angelia: It's not a trade, but one's choice... and I don't plan on giving up on myself just yet...

Angelia: The fact is that I'm in no shape to supervise the situation. Giving them to the commander might still give us a chance.

Angelia: Besides, this commander's mettle has already been tested during the fight against the military. If DEFY needs help, the commander won't just sit back and do nothing...

Angelia: Not to mention even if the mission fails...at least Griffin will survive.

Havier: Should I be touched on Griffin's behalf?

Angelia: I was part of them for a while. I liked it there...

Angelia: Hurry up. If you tarry any longer, even Griffin will be lost.

...Havier lets out a heavy sigh on the other end of the call.

Havier: You know I won't abandon you, but I also understand where you're coming from.

Havier: I know the commander you speak of, but I don't have the coordinates.

Angelia: If Griffin hasn't switched position yet, the commander should still be at the temporary command post.

Angelia: The base is a fair bit of distance away from Ground Zero. There should be other T-Dolls and employees who survived as well. On top of giving them reinforcements, I hope you can also help them evacuate...

Havier: I'd like to help, but you're the only one with a satellite communicator. We can't get in touch with the Commander.

Angelia: I'll try to find a base where I can set up a comms channel...but I'm not sure if I can do that...

Havier: You'd better hurry. Do that, and you could still be cured of your infection.

Havier: I'll be away for a while to get clearance for the mobilization of transports. I hope you'll stay alive till then.

Havier leaves the conversation.

Persica: Since you know Griffin's location, if you can withdraw to their security zone...

Angelia: I know. That's my last chance. But do as I say first... I'll try my best to get myself over...

Angelia: The ELIDs are getting close. I gotta move. Talk to you later.

Persica: Ange, wait! We'll do everything we can to—

...Ange terminates the transmission.

Angelia: If you had seen my face, you'd know there's nothing you can do.

Angelia: Of course, there is the possibility that I won't even have this face for long...

...Ange leans against the wall and sighs.

Angelia: What a drag... I don't wanna move at all...

...The footsteps and howling are getting closer and closer.

Angelia: Tsk, they've noticed me...

Angelia: I might not have long to live...but dying here is too pathetic...

Angelia: C'mon, Ange. Just go a bit farther...

...Ange dashes over to the next cover object. The monstrous howls follow her like a shadow.

Angelia: I'm almost at my limit...

Angelia: Is my body finally giving out...?

??: GUARGHHHHH!!

Angelia: Where is it...?

Angelia: It's closing in...

Angelia: Where the hell is it?!

Angelia: ...!

Angelia: From behind!

...Ange spins around and shoots the monster with her pistol!

...Her aim was true, but...!

??: GUARGHHHHH!!

Angelia: That didn't kill you?

Angelia: As expected of an...

Angelia: E!

Angelia: L!

Angelia: I!

Angelia: D!

Angelia: IN! FECT! ED!

...

...The monster flops onto the ground.

Angelia: (Pants)

Angelia: (Pants)

Angelia: Cough...

Angelia: So...they CAN be killed.

ELID: GUARGHHHHH!!

...More ELIDs come creeping en masse!

Angelia: Did the gunfire attract them?

...Ange pulls the trigger again, but she's out of ammo.

Angelia: I knew it...

...Ange drops the pistol and steps out with open arms.

Angelia: Fine, this place it is. I hope no one sees me.

ELID: GUARGHHHHH!!

??: My...you've even got your last words figured out, eh?

??: Sorry, we came too early.

Angelia: You two...

Angelia: Sort this out while I still have the will to change my mind.

...

...

Angelia: How did you find me...?

AK-12: You kept hailing us. We couldn't communicate, but it helped us lock onto your coordinates.

AK-12: We thought you weren't going to last long, but you were surprisingly quick on your feet. We've been killing these things and running after you the whole time.

Angelia: Tsk, so my instinct of not wanting to move was right.

AK-12: Who would've thought these things actually do exist? And here I thought some of that training would never come in useful.

...AK-12 flips an ELID corpse over with her foot.

AK-12: Still, they're nothing more than disgusting and pathetic monsters.

AN-94: So this is a person infected by the Eurosky Low-Emission Infectious Disease...

Angelia: We usually just call them ELIDs. Is this the first time you've seen them? They are quite rare after WWIII.

Angelia: Most people with lower endurance will die directly to the radiation, but this is what happens to the healthier ones when the infection worsens. The flesh undergoes silication, the mind deteriorates, and they become highly aggressive before they truly die.

Angelia: Be glad that the explosion only happened a short while ago. The longer they stay within the irradiation zone, the more fearsome these humans become.

AK-12: Are these ELIDs all soldiers from the military caught in the explosion of the Collapse Fluid dirty bomb detonated by M4A1?

Angelia: Yes. It hasn't been long, so only those in areas close to Ground Zero have turned so far.

Angelia: But the radiation is spreading, and the humans who didn't retreat in time will soon join them...

Angelia: ...Like me.

AN-94: Not for the time being. I am administering some simple treatment on you. Please hang in there.

...AK-12 picks up the pistol on the ground.

Angelia: It's out of ammo.

AK-12: At least make it easier for me to identify your corpse.

...Ange laughs and winces in pain. She takes the firearm.

Angelia: Cough... It's not efficient to identify corpses from the weapon they carry.

AN-94: Keep still, Ange. I am still disinfecting your wounds.

Angelia: It won't work. Cough... This is Collapse Fluid radiation... The surface of the skin will fester then silicate. Disinfecting it is no use at all...

Angelia: The muscles and blood vessels will also gradually harden... The pain is unimaginable to you T-Dolls...

Angelia: I was lucky to last long enough for you to show up. I thought you'd gone after M4A1...

AN-94: M4A1 is pursuing Mastermind, who was brought onboard the military's Intercontinental Railway.

AK-12: AR-15 went off with her. We couldn't stop her.

Angelia: Then you should've followed them. I told you, that was your mission.

AN-94: We did our job by giving them cover as they got onboard. The train departed, and there was nothing else we could do.

AN-94: Our mission is over. What matters now is you.

Angelia: Me? There might still be hope for you if you leave me behind. Take the communicator and get in touch with Persica, then follow her instructions and withdraw.

AK-12: You're giving up already? Ange, since when are you so pessimistic?

Angelia: Are you confident you can prop me up with one arm and shoot at enemies with the other?

Angelia: On top of dealing with these zombie movie extras, there's still the military. They won't be completely paralyzed by just an explosion.

Angelia: If Yegor is still alive, he'll only have one objective - to seek revenge. In other words, to do us in......

AN-94: Then we withdraw. Leave this place behind.

AN-94: There may still be Griffin Dummies for us to use along the way. We can make it.

Angelia: All signals are jammed in the contamination zone. Comms and all navigation systems are down. I don't even know where to go.

Angelia: How about this...? I'm getting tired... I need some sleep...

AK-12: Ange!

Smack!

AK-12 slaps Ange hard on the face.

AK-12: You asked us to take the communicator and contact Persica, which means we do have a plan. So long as we can find our way out of the contamination zone, we can withdraw, am I right?

Angelia: ...

AK-12: I know you're in great pain, but it's not like you at all to give up just like that.

AK-12: I remember you still owe us a drink. If you want an easy way out, then let me do you a favor and send you off painlessly.

AK-12 aims her weapon at Ange's head.

AN-94: 12...nyet...!

The very air seems to freeze. A good few seconds have passed.

Angelia: Hnng...pfft...

Angelia: Hahahahahaha...

Angelia: Ow, ow, ow...

Angelia: Dammit. Shouldn't have laughed so hard...

AK-12's arms are trembling slightly.

Angelia: Just rejecting my command is almost overloading your neural module, eh? If you have a neural meltdown here, there's no one left to get me out.

AK-12: Looks like bluffing doesn't work on you.

Angelia: I programmed your IFF codes myself. I must say, I'm surprised you even dared point your gun at me.

AK-12: We're called "DEFY". Just living by the name, I guess? You ought to know we're different than your past subordinates.

Angelia: Humph...thanks for the reminder. I almost forgot that utterly insignificant detail.

Angelia: AN-94, cease the treatment. We're setting off now.

AN-94: But I have not finished dressing the infected wounds...

Angelia: Save it. It does no good anyway; we might as well start moving.

AK-12: Aren't you gonna jauntily brief us on the plan first, as usual?

Angelia: Plan? The plan is to move north in a straight line and go as far as we can.

AK-12: Why north? And are you sure about moving in a straight line? There are still loads of ELIDs out there. Won't it be safer to take a more evasive route?

Angelia: The only security zone still in one piece is in the north. We humans are taught when we're kids that the shortest distance between two points is always a straight line. Now is the time to place my bet on that.

AK-12: If you say so. 94, there are approximately 20 ELIDS in the immediate vicinity. Prepare for battle.

AK-12: I'll forge the way. You stick with Ange like glue.

AN-94: Understood. I will guard her carefully.

AK-12: Then let's get moving!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Task Force DEFY charge ahead blindly until they come across a communications outpost.

Angelia: There it is! Cough...get in!

AK-12: Nyet, this place isn't clean at all. We can't stop here!

Angelia: Obey my orders! Hurry...cough!

...Task Force DEFY enters the outpost.

AK-12: The radiation level is too high here. New ELIDs will emerge anytime. We can't stay here for long.

Angelia: Cough...do as I say...

Angelia: Now, turn on the comms system...and scan for signals!

AK-12: On it. The instrument isn't too badly damaged. Attempting to reactivate it...

AK-12: This equipment is left behind by the military. I've bypassed the firewall. 94, you can now try to access their network and collect some data.

AN-94: Understood. Scanning...

AN-94: Bad news. I have hacked into the system and reassembled information regarding the topography. Units bearing military signals are already on the move in this area.

AN-94: Judging by their speed and formation, they do not seem to be ELIDs.

AN-94: I would assume that they are reorganizing their remaining troops. In the worst-case scenario, they have already discovered us.

Angelia: Then let's pray they haven't, or we're dead...cough...

Angelia: Quick, still remember the Griffin Commander's comms frequency...? Try to get in touch.

AK-12: Are you sure? Gathering information in a data blackout is one thing, sending a transmission from a military outpost is another matter. There's no way we can hide our tracks - they're gonna surround this place and blast us to bits.

Angelia: This is our only chance if we want to walk out of this building alive...

Angelia: We've come this far, we have no other choice but to raise the stakes. Establish a connection immediately. If we're fast enough, we might be able to leave before the military reacts!

AK-12: Got it. Establishing a communications channel. Ready in thirty seconds.

Angelia: While this battered communicator still has some battery left... Persica. Persica, do you copy?

Persica: There's a bit of static, but I can hear you. How are you doing, Ange?

Angelia: My satellite communicator is almost out of juice. Let's keep it short.

Angelia: DEFY found me. I'm relatively safe for now. We're using a military outpost to establish comms. Whether the Griffin Commander gets it is up to chance.

AK-12: We're transmitting. Pick up...please pick up...

...Nothing but static.

【Static】......

......

Angelia: So Griffin has left already...

Angelia: This...is how it ends...

Persica: Ange...

Angelia: Haha... Can't be helped. I didn't expect it to end like this...

AK-12: Wait! There's a reply!

Angelia: What?! Who is it on the other end?

Persica: It's the commander! Commander, can you hear me? It's Persica!

Commander: ...
If choice 2 was picked

Persica: That's Angelia...

Persica: Uh...I think you know who she is. I'll let her do the talking.
If choice 1 was picked

Persica: Humph. Don't worry about me, worry about yourselves.

Persica: Ange is here. There's a favor she needs to ask.
If choice 3 was picked

Persica: Forgotten all about your technical supervisor already? You're getting a pay cut.

Persica: Enough jokes. Ange needs to talk to you.

Angelia: Hello, Commander. This isn't the first time we talked, but it's the first time I'm introducing myself.

Angelia: "Angelia". Of course, it's just my codename, but I quite like the name, so feel free to call me that.

Angelia: I'm an agent from the Bureau of State Security. We've worked together numerous times in the past. I'm sure you have a lot of questions, but you must understand that we're on the same side.

Persica: I can vouch for her. I've known her for years. She's a nice person, but she does have a bad temper.

Angelia: Whatever, Persica... Our channel won't hold for long, so please listen to me.

Angelia: I understand you've suffered heavy casualties, so Persica is going to provide you with Heavy Ordnance Corps to aid you in battle.

Angelia: Send the coordinates to Persica where you need help. She'll find a way to deliver them there. Persica, how's Havier's withdrawal plan coming along?

Persica: Havier has already provided me with the extraction point, but said it'll still take a while for the transports to get clearance into the area.

Angelia: I've sent you the coordinates, Commander. Guard the extraction point with your life. I hope you'll last till the tranports get there.

AK-12: Ange, we've been discovered. A transmission is forcing its way through.

Yegor: Ange... 【static】I know it's you... I will make you pay for what you've done【static】!

Angelia: Cut him off. I've got no time to chat with him.

AK-12: Okay.

Yegor's transmission is cut off.

Angelia: As you can see, Commander, the situation isn't looking good. We should all prepare for the worst.

Persica: Commander, we've given you everything we can. I hope we'll all come out of this alive...so please find a way to help Ange...

Angelia: Commander, you can't save everyone on the battlefield... Ensure Griffin's safety first. Only consider our rescue if it's at all possible.

Angelia: I'll send all the information I have to you. AK-12, set up the data transfer.

AK-12: On it.

Angelia: If I can't make it, please take care of Task Force DEFY, find the AR Team, and stop the enemies who want to destroy our future.

AN-94: Ange, the military units we detected are closing in.

Angelia: Tsk...he really hates us to the bone. Commander, we'll wait till dawn. No matter what you choose to do, no one will blame you. Good luck.

AK-12: Data transfer in progress. We can move in 60 seconds.

Angelia: Persica...I'd better go. If I come back alive, I think I'm gonna get a cat.

Persica: Can I come over and pat it?

Angelia: As long as you pay for the cat food...

Persica: I will, so you better make sure you come back alive.

Angelia: I really can't say for sure this time...

AK-12: Transfer complete. We can go.

AN-94: This means we will not be able to contact anybody from now on. We can only feel our way around the dark on our own or wait for Griffin's signal.

Angelia: I know... Let's go. We must hold out till the commander comes to our rescue.

...In the end, I decided to have 416 launch the signal flare over the Red Zone.

AN-94: Ange, a signal flare!

Angelia: That's Griffin's standard issue. The Commander is guiding us!

AN-94: But...that will lead us to the Red Zone. Ange...I do not think it is a wise choice.

AK-12: Ange...you probably won't make it to the security zone.

Angelia: Cough...it's alright... I'll take my chances.

AN-94: This is not something you can overcome with sheer willpower.

AK-12: According to the readings, the contamination level is still climbing in the area. Entering the Red Zone will only exacerbate your symptoms.

Angelia: Which means we don't have time to waste. Let's go!

AN-94: Come, AK-12. The ELIDs are growing in numbers. We cannot delay anymore.

AK-12: I strongly recommend taking the route through the Yellow Zone!

Angelia: I believe in the Commander! Cough... H-hurry!

Angelia: The Commander...cough...is showing us the way...

Angelia: AK-12, AN-94...cough...

Angelia: If...if...you know...

Angelia: Cough...cough, cough...! Cough!

...In the end, I decided to have 416 launch the signal flare over the Yellow Zone.

AK-12: Ange, a signal flare over there!

Angelia: That's Griffin's standard issue. The Commander really is showing us the way!

AK-12: I believe it's leading us to the Yellow Zone. Your body might just make it through.

AN-94: Ange, are you feeling better?

Angelia: Not at all...cough... But I think I'm okay for now.

AK-12: Then we'd better hurry. The ELIDs will find us soon!

AN-94: But we cannot proceed yet.

AN-94: A few military squads are patrolling ahead. We must first discern their patrol routes.

Angelia: Can we draw the military...into fighting the ELIDs?

AK-12: It is possible. According to my observation, the military does attack the ELIDs. I believe they're too obsessed with pursuing us to care about the fact that they're firing upon their own allies and casualties.

AK-12: Still, we can't exploit that too much. Otherwise, if we accidentally draw the attention of both the ELIDs and the military, we'll be heavily outnumbered.

Angelia: You're right...cough... Dammit, let me think...

Angelia: We...can only get closer and try to locate the mark by tracing the signal strength.

AN-94: I do not recommend that. It is chaos on the battlefield. With no communications outpost nearby, we are on our own.

AN-94: Finding a mark or whatever is too dangerous. I suggest we resume our course toward an area with a lower contamination index and launch a signal flare, then wait for the rescue party to find us.

AK-12: It's a risk worth taking. We can't handle the military with just the two of us. Ange doesn't have long.

Angelia: Stop arguing...

Angelia: Let me...think this over...

AK-12: No matter what you decide to do, we can't rest here. Keep moving, Ange.

Angelia: I know...cough...

Angelia: I...I'll...make up my mind soon...

Angelia: Cough...cough, cough!

...In the end, Task Force DEFY decided to give up on finding the mark left by the rescue party, but the withdrawal is still underway.

AN-94: The contamination index is significantly lower here. Though Ange is not entirely out of danger, her life is not under any immediate threat.

AK-12: Congratulations, Ange. You get to live a little longer.

Angelia: I don't feel particularly good, but if that's the case...

AN-94: Since we cannot locate the rescue party's mark, our only choice is to proceed in the direction where the contamination is lower.

AK-12: Or find a chance to send a distress signal for the rescue party to get in touch.

AN-94: That is too dangerous right now. We are surrounded by military forces.

AN-94: Not to mention the ELIDs, who are attracted by the slightest rustles. If reinforcements do not arrive on time, we will not be able to handle the situation with just the two of us.

AK-12: (Sighs) You're always so conservative, AN-94.

AN-94: When it is uncertain where the alternative will lead us, I prefer the current option.

AK-12: The choice isn't yours to make. Ange, take your pick.

Angelia: I... Let me think...

AN-94: Wait, I hear something!

AK-12: Military units! They're heading straight toward us!

AN-94: There is an abandoned trench just ahead. Get Ange in there first!

...Boom! Boom!

AK-12: Hurry, Ange! We're here!

...Under the military's bombardment, Task Force DEFY dive hastily for cover.

Angelia: (Pants) Goddammit!

Angelia: Looks like we don't have much of a choice. AN-94, launch the signal flare!

AN-94: Roger!

AK-12: How did they find us so soon? We shouldn't have left any traces!

Angelia: These maneuvers are planned...unlike before!

...Pzzt...pzzzzt.

??: Angelia...

??: I knew you wouldn't disappoint me.

...Over the sound of gunfire and static, a male voice speaks clearly over the communicator's public channel.

Yegor: You survived the explosion...only to give me the chance to kill you with my own hands.

Angelia: Yegor...

Angelia: You don't look much better yourself...

Yegor: I am feeling tremendous. I just finished making the preparations, and there you are.

Angelia: You had it all planned?

Yegor: There aren't many routes toward the Green Zone. If you're alive, you'll definitely show up here.

Yegor: You won't last much longer with that infection. Why not just give up?

Angelia: Why don't YOU give up mourning for your zombie comrades?

Yegor: Good. I'll make sure you don't die from artillery fire.

Yegor: Then I can find you and avenge my subordinates myself!

...Ange closes the channel.

Angelia: He's sending in tanks! Hold out till the rescue party makes it here!

AK-12: Are you sure they'll come?

Angelia: If not, then we'll just die! Hurry, cough!

Angelia: Use whatever you can to hold this trench!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Task Force DEFY gives everything they have to withstand the military's attack.

AK-12: Ange! Is the rescue party still not here?!

Angelia: No, they may be on the way!

AN-94: That sound! Do you hear that, AK-12?!

AK-12: Charging... It's the tank! Duck!!

...BOOOOOOM!!

...

AK-12: Ange! Ange, wake up! Ange!!

AK-12: The trench is lost! AN-94, pick up your gun and cover me!

AN-94: AK-12, you're hurt!

AK-12: I'm fine! Defend the opening!

AK-12: Ange... Ange, are you alright?! Ange!!

AN-94: AK-12, watch out!

...BOOM! BOOM, BOOM!

...In just an instant, whatever's left of Ange's awareness and consciousness is consumed by fire.

...

...Task Force DEFY has finally found the mark left by the rescue team!

M4 SOPMOD II: Surpriiiiise!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahahaha! We finally found you, DEFY!

AN-94: If your movement had been just a little swifter than your utterance, I would have identified you as a hostile target and attacked.

416: Sorry, this is M4 SOPMOD II of the AR Team. SOP-II, meet AK-12 and AN-94 of Task Force DEFY. I'm 416. You've all met me.

AN-94: I do not particularly want to see you again, but it cannot be helped.

416: Right, this isn't the time to deepen our bond. Let's get straight to the point - where is Ange, and how is she?

...AN-94 looks behind her and finds an unconscious Ange draped on AK-12's back.

AN-94: Ange...she—

AK-12: A few minutes ago...she took a heavy dose of radiation and passed out.

AK-12: It took us a while to find the mark, but her life isn't in danger. However, she'll be sitting out the coming battles. It'll be just us.

416: What a shame. Guess I'll have to say hi some other time.

416: Still, it's not "just us". We also have the Commander and the HOCs.

AN-94: What...HOCs?

M4 SOPMOD II: Our new toys! They're giving us long-range support and specialize in fighting tanks! You'll love them!

AK-12: Then we're safe for now. Let's figure out what to do next.

AN-94: The contamination index is significantly lower here. Though Ange is not entirely out of danger, her life is not under any immediate threat.

RO635: Then let's keep moving to less contaminated areas. At this rate, Ange isn't going to last much longer.

AK-12: Hmm? Who was that?

RO635: Oh, don't mind me. Just making a suggestion—

AN-94: Wait, I hear something!

AK-12: Military units! They're heading straight toward us!

AN-94: There is an abandoned trench just ahead. Get Ange in there first!

...Boom! Boom!

AK-12: Hurry up! We're here!

416: HOCs, give us cover!

...Under the HOCs' suppressive fire, Task Force DEFY makes it into the trench safely.

M4 SOPMOD II: We still have loads of cards up our sleeve. Don't worry, we can handle these tanks!

...Pzzt...pzzzzt.

??: Angelia...

??: I knew you wouldn't disappoint me.

...Over the sound of gunfire and static, a male voice speaks clearly over the communicator's public channel.

Yegor: You survived the explosion...only to give me the chance to kill you with my own hands.

AK-12: Ange is dead! You can abort your mission!

Yegor: I don't think so. I know she's merely unconscious, just as I knew you'd show up here.

416: He knew we'd come here... He counted on the fact that this is the only route to the Green Zone!

Yegor: I'll make sure you don't die from artillery fire.

Yegor: Then I can find you and avenge my subordinates myself!

...Yegor terminates the transmission.

AK-12: I can hear the tanks! They're coming!

416: Commander, defend the trench with the HOCs!

416: With their help, we'll be absolutely fine!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The Griffin team managed to repel the military's assault for the time being.

416: Now's our chance! Retreat!

M4 SOPMOD II: AK-12, has Ange come about?!

AK-12: There's still a heartbeat! Let's go!

AN-94: Another round and even Ange will not make it. If only we had adrenaline...

416: Adrenaline? Why don't you ask for bread while you're at it?!

416: What matters now is to figure out where to go!

RO635: There's an outpost just ahead. We can seek shelter in there and resuscitate Ange!

M4 SOPMOD II: Then let's be on our way! The enemies are gonna catch up soon!

AN-94: So...that Dinergate...

RO635: It isn't important! Just run!

Angelia: I'm...still alive?

AK-12: Da, we're all still alive.

Angelia: How?

AN-94: Hope has appeared.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange!

Angelia: SOP-II?

Angelia: Is...is that you?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's me! Didn't expect to see me, did you?

Angelia: You seem so different. The thing on your shoulder...

RO635: Oh...don't mind me. Just know that I'm your ally. Good evening, Miss Ange.

Angelia: Hello... That color scheme looks very familiar. The voice also rings...

416: Sorry. There's a lot of interference in the contamination zone; we couldn't isolate your frequency so we had to rush over here on foot.

416: After all, the radiation is still spreading erratically and so is the outbreak. As long as we remain in the theater, we can run into ELIDs anywhere.

Angelia: 416...you came as well?

416: Surprised?

Angelia: What about the others in Squad 404?

416: UMP45 is badly injured, so the others have withdrawn to take care of her. Sorry they didn't have time to say hello.

Angelia: That's fine. I'd feel a lot better with the whole squad here, but even you are no match against the military's tanks on your own.

416: We know, which is why the commander has mobilized the HOCs to help us defend the trench!

AN-94: That might not be enough. As illustrated by the previous encounter, we can only hold off the military's attack temporarily.

416: We've also brought along some comms equipment that we can use to contact the commander, but it'll take some time to assemble. Activating it will also draw the military's attention.

AK-12: We clearly don't have time for that.

AK-12: Yegor is amassing the entirety of the military's remaining forces to annihilate us. They'll have this bunker surrounded in no time.

AN-94: Da, the military is going to launch the next round of attacks any minute. We must come up with a contingency as soon as possible.

M4 SOPMOD II: We have no choice but to make a run for it now, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's destroy all enemies in the way while the encirclement isn't complete yet!

416: The military's rear forces will get into position soon so that's too risky.

416: Maybe we should be stealthier and sneak around their scouts to get out of here.

Angelia: If we fight our way out, we must eliminate all enemies as fast as we can and will possibly have to deal with their reinforcements...

Angelia: If we sneak out, and their detectors are too perceptive; we could run the risk of being discov—

Angelia: Cough...cough! Cough, cough!

AK-12: Ange!

AN-94: Ange was caught in the explosion just now. The Collapse Fluid is eating away at her body even more quickly. We're running out of time!

Angelia: Then let's go...cough!

Angelia: In any case, we must get outta here...cough, cough!

Angelia: Cough, cough, cough, cough!!

Angelia: I can't... my body...is already...

Angelia: I can't give up... I can't give up!

Angelia: I can't let them come all this way for nothing! There must be another way!

...

...Meanwhile, Yegor is observing Ange's hideout.

Yegor: That bitch has slinked into the bunkers there. With that infection, she must be trying to slip off to somewhere with less contamination.

Yegor: The only card in her hand is the few HOCs, but they'll be crushed easily once our main force gets here.

Military Corporal: Sir, we just received a report. Our artillery force's ETA has been pushed back by 15 minutes.

...Yegor turns around.

Yegor: 15 minutes? What's taking them so long? Have they encountered enemies?

Military Corporal: They have run into a group of ELIDs. They wish to avoid a direct confrontation and are considering taking a detour.

Yegor: I thought I'd made myself clear. Destroy all ELIDs on sight. Tell them to get their asses over here.

Military Corporal: Sir, you should know who these ELIDs are. They—

...Yegor grabs his subordinate by the collar.

Yegor: I know them better than you, Corporal!

...Yegor grits his teeth. The lesions spread across his face make his appearance all the more twisted and disfigured.

Then he loosens his grip, and the subordinate backs off. Yegor sits down on a pile of supply boxes and takes a deep breath.

Yegor: I know full well these are my comrades - my brothers.

Yegor: Many of them have been going through death and destruction by my side for over a decade. The nuclear missiles in WWIII didn't kill us. Not to mention the T-Dolls...we even managed to escape from those true instruments of death.

Yegor: But today...they died at the hands of that crazy bitch. She detonated a Collapse Fluid bomb just to impede us.

...Yegor's gaze bore into everyone present.

Yegor: I know, wars are supposed to be devoid of honor and emotion, but you should also know...the one who hates the idea of killing these ELIDs the most is the one who has to give the order - ME!

Yegor: But now, you have all seen for yourselves the damage Collapse Fluid can wreak... That's right, I'll give it to you straight - these brothers are beyond our help. We cannot save them.

Yegor: All we can do is avenge them, and we could miss our chance because of a minute's delay...

Yegor: Now, Corporal, do I have to repeat everything I just said to them myself?

Military Corporal: No, sir. They'll be here right away.

...The corporal speaks into his communicator, and the sound of heavy bombardment comes from a distance.

Yegor: May their spirits rest in peace... Now, we seek vengeance from the culprit herself!

...Yegor rises to his feet.

Yegor: The main force is on its way. Complete the encirclement ASAP and tighten our security. We mustn't let them take a single step out of here before the artillery force completely flattens this place!

Yegor: We have to destroy them here, and this is our only chance!

...The rescue party is trying to break through the encirclement.

416: Something's not right! The military has changed the way they position their troops! They must've called for reinforcements!

AK-12: Nyet...not reinforcements...

AK-12: It's their main force!

Yegor: I'll admit, Ange, you're better than most of the pros I've met...

Yegor: ...at dying!

Yegor: My artillery force is getting into position. We'll see how much of a beating your mongrel T-Dolls can take!

Yegor: And I wonder just how tough you really are! It's time to pay your dues, Angelia!

M4 SOPMOD II: That bastard is insane! He's trying to raze this place to the ground!

AN-94: Their main force is advancing! Ange, should we fall back or—

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange passed out! We're on our own!

416: Without Ange in command, we can't put together an effective escape plan!

AN-94: AK-12, what...should we do?

AK-12: Keep calm. Abort the objective to escape.

AK-12: Fall back to the trench and prepare to defend it!

RO635: This isn't a fair fight...

RO635: I'm afraid...we...

Military Corporal: Sir, Ange's troops have pulled back. Our main force has also pinned down their HOCs. Should we push forward?

Yegor: Those T-Dolls will surely put up a fight. Even if we storm the hideout, their firepower is still a threat.

Yegor: I don't care how many are sacrificed for victory, but I can't be so brash when it comes to vengeance. I can't let any more subordinates die at the hands of those slipshod tin cans.

Military Corporal: Then what are your orders, sir?

Yegor: Out of us all, which unit has killed the most ELIDs?

Military Corporal: The artillery force. They left no survivors along the way to get here as fast as they could.

Yegor: Just as I thought. Let them come forward and do the honor.

Yegor: We'll just have to stay out here and catch our rats.

Yegor: Let the artillery force channel all their wrath and raze everything to the ground! Burn that bitch and her homemaker Dolls till not even their ashes remain!

...An hour later.

...Yegor stands before the bombardment site and beholds the masterpiece he created with artillery fire.

...Griffin's shelter is engulfed in a sea of fire and destruction. He walks away from this scorching inferno with his subordinates.

Yegor: In the end, my subordinate spotted Ange's corpse in the crater. Her face was obscured by the flaming tendrils dancing around her.

Yegor: My greatest regret right now is that humans don't get to live a second time.

Yegor: I did not get to savor the face she made as she faced her death - the desperate blubbering of a coward or the calm determination of a hero.

Yegor: Whichever it was, I have sadly missed it.

Yegor: Of course, this tiny regret is inconsequential compared to the gratification of our vengeance.

Yegor: Once we have confirmed all the facts, we can move on...

Yegor: We need to put the comrades shuffling around the battlefield to rest, then erase anything unnecessary.

Yegor: In any case, this accursed strife is finally coming to an end.

Yegor: It's all just a matter of time, but only those who survived can take their time to write down the history.

...

...

Nyto: We are surprised you are still capable of such deception under these circumstances.

Nyto: We have truly underestimated you, Griffin Commander.

Nyto: We must administer a larger, but not fatal, dosage.

A Nyto takes out another syringe and injects the truth serum into my veins.

The effect starts kicking in quickly, but I can still resist it. I still have a bit of willpower...though I don't know if I'm already running on fumes...

Nyto: Ange did not die, at least not in this battle. We saw her kill one of us with our very own eyes.

Nyto: So tell us how she survived and with whom she has had dealings.

I will tell them everything that comes to mind.

The lies, the truth. Let them guess.

I know what they're really after. I also know the consequences of giving them what they want.

Nyto: Humans are fragile contraptions that break down easily.

Nyto: If you wish to leave this facility with your mind and body intact, value the chance you have been given and tell the truth.

That's why I need time...as well as all sorts of fantasies to counter the truth serum.

How many more times will Miss Ange die in my story?

At the very least, she has to keep dying till I can live...

...

...The rescue party's stealthy retreat is discovered by the military!

Yegor: So you really decided to sneak away, vile rats!

Yegor: Artillery force, fire at the target area!

Yegor: All other units, block all the exits! Kill everything on sight!

416: We're busted. The military is on our tail!

RO635: They're not pursuing us. They're trying to blow us to pieces with artillery fire!

M4 SOPMOD II: Isn't that worse?!

Yegor: We have you completely surrounded! You'll either die from the artillery fire or my own bullets!

AK-12: Run! Don't look back!

M4 SOPMOD II: 94, don't drop Ange! We'll cover you!

AN-94: Which way should we move, Ange?

AN-94: ...Ange? Hey, Ange!

RO635: Ange passed out! We must get out of here ASAP!

M4 SOPMOD II: Shut up, RO! You're slowing down my reaction speed!

RO635: I'm scanning the terrain! That's more important than whatever you're doing!

RO635: Yegor is bluffing - the military hasn't completely surrounded this area. There is an opening right ahead of us!

RO635: Run to the cover over there and head east, 4 o'clock! Don't let the enemies intercept you!

AK-12: Follow RO's direction! We're making a run for it!

...Ten minutes later.

Military Corporal: Sir, Ange's party slipped through the encirclement.

Yegor: I saw that five minutes ago. You got outrun by a few Dolls?

Military Corporal: Our pursuit was less efficient than we expected. Their HOCs kept disrupting our attempts.

Yegor: Their firepower doesn't pose much threat to us. Send out the high-mobility units first and confirm their whereabouts. Is the drone still not ready?

Military Corporal: It's still being repaired. We can only scan for their signals at the moment, but have no way of confirming visuals. However, their movements are still clearly traceable with our surveillance.

Military Corporal: And sir, there is an abandoned structure in the direction Ange's party is headed toward. They are very likely to seek refuge in there.

Yegor: We're in the heart of the battlefield; they have no hope of getting help. Capturing them is only a matter of time!

Yegor: They'll be digging their own graves when they walk inside that building. I will savor her despair and kill her with my own hands!

...Meanwhile, the rescue party is on the run.

RO635: AK-12, I see an abandoned building just ahead. With a thick exterior wall, the radiation should be lower inside.

RO635: We can take refuge in there to treat Ange and contact the Commander.

AN-94: The military will find us and have us surrounded.

M4 SOPMOD II: Or...just demolish the building with their tanks...

416: Their tanks won't get here so soon. I'm guessing only their mechanical units or human soldiers will enter the building.

416: And you heard Yegor - he wants to seek revenge against Ange himself.

416: So should we all head inside and set up our defenses?

AN-94: That will be more secure, but having all our signals in one place will make us too conspicuous.

AN-94: If only AK-12 and I are in the building, we can hoodwink their scans by camouflaging our signals.

M4 SOPMOD II: 416 and I can only disguise ourselves as Sangvis signals, which is basically useless against the Military.

AK-12: If we do that, we'll have to split up. You can figure out a way to draw the military away so that we have more time to wake Ange up.

AK-12: But even for me...this is a bit too risky...

M4 SOPMOD II: The military may be able to detect Ange's biological signs. If they do enter the building, you three will be in grave danger!

AN-94: But even if we all engage the military right here in the building, the odds are still against us.

416: AK-12, you're the leader now. You decide.

416: Do we all go in, or do just the two of you stay with Ange while the rest of us draw the enemies away?

416: We're about to reach the building, so make up your mind soon!

...The final decision is to have everyone enter the building and set up defenses.

AN-94: I do not think...this is safe.

AK-12: The military will find us, but we'll be prepared.

416: AK-12, we're all ready.

M4 SOPMOD II: AK-12! The military is coming towards the building. They must've discovered us!

AK-12: That's to be expected, but we don't have a choice.

AK-12: At least, we fight together.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Yeah!

RO635: This is the first time we take the military's main force head-on...

416: For Ange...

AK-12: And for ourselves.

AK-12: AN-94, do you resent the choice I made?

AN-94: I trust you, AK-12.

AN-94: No matter what choices we make, in the end, it always comes down to luck. That is what you said.

AK-12: ...That's true.

AK-12: All we need...is a stroke of luck.

...

Angelia: I had a dream.

Angelia: A dream...where others died for me.

Angelia: I know when I wake up, everything in my dream will come true.

Angelia: But I must wake up.

Angelia: This is something I...must face.

...

Angelia: Yegor...

Yegor: You had very loyal subordinates. They fought to the bitter end, as all Tactical Dolls are expected to.

Yegor: Naturally, their effort was futile against us.

Angelia: They... are they...

Yegor: I left some of them alive. My men are taking them apart downstairs. Some of the stuff in their neural clouds might be worth something.

Yegor: As for you, I've just been waiting for you to wake up. That's all.

Yegor: Got anything else to say?

Yegor: Or are you waiting for more new toys to come to your rescue? Or have you rigged this building with explosives?

Yegor: Sadly, I've searched it thoroughly beforehand. There's nothing here.

Yegor: No reinforcements, no explosives, no Griffin-or-whatever T-Dolls.

Yegor: Yes, that's the face. This is the moment I've been waiting for.

Yegor: ...Now, good night.

...

...Bang!

...

Nyto: We are surprised you are still capable of such deception under these circumstances.

Nyto: We have truly underestimated you, Griffin Commander.

Nyto: We must administer a larger, but not fatal, dosage.

A Nyto takes out another syringe and injects the truth serum into my veins.

The effect starts kicking in quickly, but I can still resist it. I still have a bit of willpower...though I don't know if I'm already running on fumes...

Nyto: Ange did not die, at least not in this battle. We saw her kill one of us with our very own eyes.

Nyto: So tell us how she survived and with whom she has had dealings.

I will tell them everything that comes to mind.

The lies, the truth. Let them guess.

I know what they're really after. I also know the consequences of giving them what they want.

Nyto: Humans are fragile contraptions that break down easily.

Nyto: If you wish to leave this facility with your mind and body intact, value the chance you have been given and tell the truth.

That's why I need time...as well as all sorts of fantasies to counter the truth serum.

How many more times will Miss Ange die in my story?

At the very least, she has to keep dying till I can live...

...

...

Yegor: Where did Ange run off to?

Military Corporal: According to our scan, Ange and her subordinates are holed up in a complex in the Yellow Zone. Our mechanical units have already locked onto their coordinates.

Military Corporal: It will still take a while for the tanks to arrive at the site, but we have a surveillance outpost right in front of the complex. However, we cannot determine the situation in the outpost remotely.

Yegor: Don't be distracted by unimportant matters. Our soldiers will do their duty...as long as they're alive...

Yegor: Have the unit in pursuit confirm their location and numbers visually. Make sure Ange herself is actually in the building.

Military Corporal: We already scanned their signals ten minutes ago.

Yegor: Signals can be faked. This battle has shown me what 16LAB is capable of and I haven't seen Ange on visuals for quite a while.

Military Corporal: You suspect they've split up?

Yegor: As I said, it's quite possible. Sacrificing several Dolls to save your own life - any human would think it's a decent bargain.

Military Corporal: Our analysis shows that the best time for them to split up would've been when they reached the abandoned structure, but the scan we ran on the area detected no human life signs in the building. There are also no signs indicating that any individuals have entered the building.

Yegor: ...Are you certain?

...Meanwhile.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: AK-12...

AK-12: Ange... Finally...

Angelia: I don't see you like this very often... Did I...die?

AK-12: More than once. And you didn't just die. During resuscitation, you went back and forth between being a corpse and a zombie.

Angelia: That pretty much sums up how I'm feeling...

Angelia: It may just be one last burst of strength, but I feel like I can hold out for a while longer.

AK-12: I don't know when you passed out, but the others have already set off half an hour ago.

AN-94: They faked your bio signs and are playing the decoy with the commander's help to draw the military away and buy us some time.

Angelia: The commander?

AN-94: They left their comms equipment behind. We just finished assembling it. You can contact the commander now.

AN-94: We can't stay here for long. The military forces will catch up very soon. We need you to think of a way out.

Angelia: I get it, I get it... I should come up with something...

Angelia: Give me a map...and water. You'll have to feed it to me. I'm not strong enough...

AK-12: You pushed yourself too hard before. Look, your heart almost stopped beating again.

AN-94: Their mechanical units have not entered the building yet. Your biological signs probably did not register on their scan.

Angelia: I'm still pretty weak, but the military might think I'm already dead. That's bad news...

...Meanwhile.

Yegor: What if...

Yegor: What if Ange isn't giving out bio signs?

Military Corporal: What do you mean?

Yegor: She has a bad case of radiation infection. Can her vital signs be so weak our scanners can't read them?

Military Corporal: ...We can't dismiss...that possibility, but it is highly unlikely.

Yegor: Unlikely, but it's still possible. Look into it. Move closer to the building and observe carefully.

Yegor: Once the pursuit unit has secured the perimeters, or if anything moves inside, enter the building!

Yegor: We can't ignore any possibility, and we mustn't let Ange escape!

Angelia: I just talked to the commander. We must secure our evacuation route.

Angelia: I've marked it out on the map, but there are some military facilities along the way. 416 and the others will have to follow the commander's instructions and destroy them for us to evacuate safely.

AK-12: But just having a route isn't enough.

AN-94: The military scouts are still nearby. The moment we leave, we will be spotted. We must find a way to exit safely...

Angelia: I know that, don't rush me!

Angelia: Let me think...

Angelia: Is there a way to leave the building without alerting the military...?

AK-12: Commander, we're leaving the situation out there to you.

AK-12: We'll protect Ange, so don't worry.

AN-94: But...is there really a way...?

...AN-94 stares at the signal scanner, then suddenly—

AN-94: Ange! New movements from the surrounding enemies!

AK-12: It's their scouts! They seem to be moving towards us!

Angelia: Why...? Have they seen through the ploy?

AK-12: Nyet, but I don't know why! We must climb higher!

Angelia: No! They could just be observing the building. We mustn't move recklessly.

AN-94: So we just...wait?

Angelia: We can't get out anyway. This is all we can do.

Angelia: Just sit here...and wait to hear back from the Commander, then think...

...Meanwhile.

416: Commander! As Ange mentioned, our target is their surveillance outpost.

416: We must eliminate all enemies there in order to secure Ange's evacuation route.

416: Time is short; the Military's main force will be here any minute. Let's get this done ASAP!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...With the HOCs' aid, 416's team swiftly crushes the military's surveillance outpost.

M4 SOPMOD II: All enemies are destroyed. What are you waiting for, 416? Report to the Commander already!

416: Not all. The scanner is reading a few human life signs.

M4 SOPMOD II: Probably just ELIDs. Most of the survivors are unarmed logistics personnel. They either got killed by ELIDs or ran off.

416: Don't let your guard down. Make sure you leave no one alive, no matter who it is...

416: ...They're right behind this door.

...They all stop just outside the medical room. Soft moans and a shuffling noise can be heard through the door.

RO635: (Whispers) There really are people in the room, but judging by their positions, they don't seem to be on guard...

416: (Whispers) Could be ELIDs.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Whispers) In any case, we can't attack unarmed humans!

416: That's not up to you. Just pray our visual reflexes are quicker than our fingers on the trigger.

416: Ready. On three. One...

416: Two...

416: Three!

...Slam! 416 kicks the door open.

ELID: GUARGHHHH!

416: ELID!

...Bang bang!

...416 and SOP-II immediately kill the ELID within.

416: I knew it...

RO635: 416, in the corner...

...416 turns her attention to the corner of the room. A few humans are cowering in fear.

Human female: Please... I'm just a doctor... please...cough...

M4 SOPMOD II: 416, these people are infected, but only mildly.

Human male: I...cough...was just trying to save them...cough...

416: You're not saving anybody. SOP-II, tie them up. We're going.

...416 gets in touch with the commander.

416: Commander, we've seized the surveillance outpost. Now...

416: ...What? Ange may have been discovered?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, how's that possible...?

416: The commander says Yegor's forces...probably realized they hadn't seen Ange with us.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then what should we do? If the military storms the building, this would've been a fool's errand, and we won't make it back in time...

416: Their scouts haven't moved in yet. They're probably monitoring us remotely at the same time to visually confirm if Ange really isn't with us.

416: What do we do, Commander? Should we return to the building and help Ange?

...In the comms window, SOP-II is tying up the army doctors behind 416.

M4 SOPMOD II: 416, I found some adrenaline! It could be useful for Ange!

416: Take it. If you can't think of anything, we'll have no choice but to turn back, Commander.

Commander: Hmm...
If choice 1 was picked

416: Raw materials?

416: Commander...what are you looking at? Those humans? I believe this is beyond a T-Doll's understanding.
If choice 2 was picked

416: Probably, as long as there is enough distance between us. We should be far enough.

416: You have an idea, Commander?
If choice 3 was picked

416: Dye...? (Turns around) Humans, is there any dye around here?
If choice 3 was picked

Human female: There...there's some camouflage face paint...
If choice 3 was picked

416: You heard that, Commander. But what good is it going to do?

...The commander proposes a plan.

RO635: 416, any ideas yet? The military is going to catch up soon! What do we do?! We can't just conjure an Ange out of thin air!

416: RO...

416: Why can't we?

RO635: 416? What did the commander tell you? What should we do?

416: One thing I learned from 404 - no risk, no reward. I'll do anything to complete a mission.

416: Now, let's play a game.

...Meanwhile, Ange contacts the commander.

Angelia: Commander, I...

Angelia: I'm sorry. I can't think of anything...

Angelia: Yegor is only after me. If I walk outside, it'll definitely get their attention, especially when they already know something's off.

AN-94: Don't give up just yet, Ange. Their scouts are not making a move yet.

Angelia: But this time I'm really out of ideas... This is all because of me. I honestly don't know how to keep everyone alive...

Angelia: Commander, you've done your best, and I have nothing else to say. I think it's time...

Commander: Ange...
If choice 1 was picked

Angelia: We've all experienced failure. Most of the time, it's not due to our own fault that we fail. You've done very well. It's me...
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: They can make it out. Yegor won't treat T-Dolls as prey. I...
If choice 3 was picked

Angelia: You can't grapple with the military indefinitely. I think it's time to put an end to this. Let me...

AK-12: What the hell are you saying, Ange?

AK-12: If you give up, what are we going to do?

Angelia: The commander will take care of you. You will have better opportunities to put your skills to good use.

AN-94: But you are our charge. If we fail to protect you, then we...

Angelia: I know you'll be devastated, but you can just have your neural clouds wiped—

AK-12: Like what you did to the AR Team? You want to delete SOP-II's memories again?

AK-12: How many more times do you want to die just to make us all forget you?!

Angelia: ...

Angelia: We're out of time. Get out of here.

Angelia: Take all the combat records and the HOCs back with you... Avenge me...

Angelia: ...What? Commander? What...did you say...?

Angelia: ...There is a way?

Military Corporal: Commander, our unit in pursuit seems to have caught sight of Ange!

Yegor: What?

Military Corporal: But they're too far away; we could only capture a blurry image.

Yegor: The hair color and physique look right, but can't we get a clearer view?

Military Corporal: The readings confirm her as human. She appears to be unconscious on the back of the T-Doll from the AR Team. They've split up with the rest of the party.

Military Corporal: Ange has resumed her course and is moving stealthily, going from cover to cover, while Griffin's HOCs are circling around. They seem to be withdrawing.

Yegor: Then go after her! But send a team to keep pursuing the Griffin T-Dolls.

Yegor: Ange's condition will continue to deteriorate in the Yellow Zone, so she's planning to use the HOCs as decoys and slip away.

Military Corporal: Roger. Then what about the surveillance unit at the abandoned building?

Yegor: Hold position and keep monitoring the building. Our forces are stretched thin, but we can't have any blind spots in our surveillance.

Yegor: (...Have I considered everything?)

Yegor: (We send our main force to pursue the human we suspect to be Ange while keeping an eye on the Griffin T-Dolls. Even if Ange really is hiding in the building, the moment she tries to escape, we'll have her pinned down.)

Yegor: (There aren't any other possibilities. There's no way she can turn the situation around!)

Yegor: (I have that bitch completely cornered!)

Angelia: Commander...you mean...

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Angelia: The HOCs? There aren't that many of them. They can't possibly counter the military's main force, can they?
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: Don't escape? Then what exactly should I do?
If choice 3 was picked

Angelia: So long as I can live, I don't care if I have to watch all the humans in the Military get buried alive.

Angelia: What do you have in mind?

...Ange listens to the Commander's explanation.

AK-12: You want to create roadside bombs using the HOCs' remaining artillery shells?

AN-94: That is no difficult task for T-Dolls, but the bombs will not be enough to blow up all of the Military's tanks.

Angelia: What the commander means is to rig the building with the IEDs once they're ready.

Angelia: Yegor will come sooner or later. He said he's gonna come for me and have his revenge, so these bombs will be our last bargaining chips.

AK-12: You want to blackmail them into retreating with the IEDs?

AN-94: Are you sure Yegor will come in person?

Angelia: Not at all, he isn't an impulsive man, but everyone has their impulsive moments.

Angelia: If we're making my survival a priority, this is a chance we have to take.

AN-94: But this will require the commander to lead the HOCs back here first. And even if we prepare the IEDs swiftly, we may not have long enough to rig the building.

AN-94: Installing the explosives will take some time. I highly doubt we have the skills to do it... Besides, without the artillery shells, we will not have enough firepower in the subsequent battles.

AK-12: Subsequent battles?

AN-94: Ange is not the only person still alive on the battlefield...

AK-12: Right...

Angelia: I don't wish to delay someone else's rescue, especially when my chances are so small to begin with.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Angelia: We won't give up, but if it really comes to that, I can't bear...
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: I know, but this time the odds are pretty much insurmountable.
If choice 3 was picked

Angelia: Believe in you... I'm not sure, Commander. It's the military's main force we're coming up against...

AK-12: Ange...

Angelia: Fine... Commander, after so many battles, you've proved yourself to be far more capable than me.

Angelia: I believe you'll make the right decision - perhaps a better one than mine.

Angelia: If you've set your mind on executing this dangerous plan, we're going all in as well. But promise me - the moment something doesn't look right, please abort the mission and retreat.

Angelia: Do you understand, Commander? No matter what your decision is, we're happy to accept it, but don't give up hope.

Angelia: Then let's get to work, Task Force DEFY. Start preparing the IEDs while the commander buys us more time!

...Shrieks and clamor come through Yegor's communicator.

Human female voice: I'm one of your own! Don't kill me!

Human female voice: Cough...please! I was forced into this! I didn't do anything! Oh god!

Military soldier: Sir, we've captured the target that appeared to be Ange. We've confirmed that she is one of our medical personnel, given a simple makeover to resemble Ange.

Human female voice: That T-Doll knocked me out and left me here...cough... I need...cough, cough! I beg you...

Yegor: ...

Military soldier: She is infected and in need of treatment... Sir?

Yegor: Bring her back and treat her on the way.

...Yegor leans against one of the tanks and massages his brows with his fingers.

Yegor: Ange is in the building...

Yegor: She was just buying time to treat herself! FUCK!

...Yegor punches the tank in fury, then gets up and walks toward the command room.

Military soldier: Sir! The Griffin party is making a run for the building!

Yegor: They're going back to defend it! This is their last attempt to protect Ange!

Yegor: Where are the scouts? Can they enter the building before Griffin gets there?

Military soldier: They can, but the building is within the range of Griffin's HOCs. They may come under attack if they get too close!

Yegor: Then have them stand by on the spot. All combat personnel, head toward the target building and surround it!

Yegor: Ange! All those tricks are for nothing! Even if your Dolls make it back to the building, they'll just be heading to their deaths!

Yegor: This time, there'll be no escape for you!

...Ten minutes later, the rescue party returns to the building. 416 gives Ange a dose of adrenaline.

Angelia: Phew... Thanks. I'm feeling a lot better.

416: I should've recorded your scream when I stabbed you with the needle.

Angelia: Don't play it at my funeral, thanks.

Angelia: Now I can finally do some simple thinking.

AK-12: Commander, Griffin's party has returned to the building. We'll start mounting our final defenses.

AK-12: The artillery shells have been modified into IEDs. AN-94 and I are installing them as fast as we can. We'll also sort out the detonator!

Angelia: Are we really doing this? I'm seriously not sure if...

AN-94: Worst case, we all die here, but we are all prepared for that.

Angelia: SOP-II and 416 aren't...

Angelia: They have another mission - the commander... The commander is still in danger. You can't die here.

M4 SOPMOD II: Sorry, Commander's orders. I can't very well disobey them, can I?

Angelia: Commander, I don't understand. Why are you so hellbent on saving me?

...
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: I'm used to being in danger. This is just another mission.
If choice 1 was picked

Angelia: In other words, you haven't realized just how important you are, have you?
If choice 1 was picked

AK-12: That's exactly why the Commander is so important, don't you think? We can't win if we never take any risks.
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: Griffin needs commanders with an eye for tactics, not an idiot like me.
If choice 2 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Sorry, I don't think any of us qualifies. I guess that's why we're all on the same boat?
If choice 3 was picked

Angelia: This is the battlefield! It's no place to talk about personal debts! Commander, we don't owe each other anything!
If choice 3 was picked

416: Now you owe the commander one, Ange. Better start drafting your thank-you letter.

AN-94: Since it is all decided, Ange, start thinking about what we are going to do.

Angelia: ...Alright.

Angelia: Our priority is to slow the enemies down until the IEDs are all in place.

Angelia: The Military will storm the building at all costs. We must buy ourselves more time!

RO635: SOP-II, 416, the military is surrounding us in four directions!

416: Jeez...they're calling in their entire main force.

416: They've already caught on. They know Ange is in the building!

RO635: Now that I think about it, this is the first time...we're engaging the military's main force directly.

RO635: I wish...I could fight in my T-Doll body.

M4 SOPMOD II: Just take a good nap, RO.

M4 SOPMOD II: When you wake up, we'll be leaving this place with Ange!

RO635: Well, there's nothing much for me to do. I'll leave it to you then.

M4 SOPMOD II: Actually...will you stay awake, RO?

RO635: Huh? Why?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's only the AR Team when the two of us are together.

RO635: ...Suit yourself.

RO635: I'll record everything for you - the glorious battle in which the AR Team takes on the military's main force.

416: They're coming! HOCs, prepare for battle!

416: Commander, this is our last stand. We must fend off their attack and buy time for Task Force DEFY!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The military main force attacks relentlessly and is gradually dominating the battle!

416: AK-12, we can't hold them off much longer! How far off are you?!

AK-12: We're still installing them! Just hang in there for a bit!

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't know how long we can keep this up! Can't you work faster?!

RO635: SOP-II, to the left!

M4 SOPMOD II: I see it!

AN-94: We have finished installing the minimum amount of IEDs required!

AN-94: AK-12, your detonator—

RO635: 416, grenade!

...BOOM!!

AK-12: 416, what's going on?! 416!

416: I'm out of ammo! They're swarming in!

RO635: Grenade! SOP-II, duck!

...BOOM! Explosions go off one after the other.

AK-12: 416! SOP-II! What's happening out there?! Answer me!

AK-12: 416! Do you copy?!

416: They've breached our defenses! Yegor has entered the building!

416: We must get them off our tail fast!

AN-94: AK-12, where is the detonator?!

AK-12: We're not gonna make it...

AN-94: What...?

AK-12: Now that the enemies are inside the building, I can't wire them all together!

AK-12: It's simply impossible to set up all the IEDs within such a limited amount of time!

AN-94: ...Is it impossible?

AN-94: We are...so close...

AK-12: We've come so far... Ange, is it really over...just like that?

AN-94: Ange...what should we do now? Is there a backup plan...?

Angelia: ...

AK-12: ...Ange?

416: SOP-II, keep up! Those trip mines won't hold them off for long!

416: AK-12, are the bombs ready yet?!

416: AK-12?! AN-94?! Scheiße! Somebody answer me!

The very air grows still. The sound of crossfire is getting closer and closer.

Ange raises her head slowly.

Angelia: Give me another dose of adrenaline.

AN-94: But in its current condition, your body cannot...

Angelia: Give me another dose of adrenaline.

AK-12: ...94, give it to her.

Ange lets out a painful groan as she injects herself with more adrenaline.

Angelia: (Pants)

Beads of sweat are rolling down her forehead. She keeps breathing laboriously to drown out the pain.

Angelia: Here's the plan - take everyone to the roof and stay as far away from me as you can.

AK-12: You want us to retreat without you?

AK-12: Sorry, we can't do that. Yegor's forces already have this place completely surrounded.

Angelia: Of course I know that. That's why I'm giving such an order.

AK-12: ...

AK-12 looks Ange in the eye and finds no hesitation in her steady gaze.

AK-12: I see. Then good luck.

AK-12: 94, tell SOP-II and 416 to retreat to the roof. We'll meet them there.

AN-94: But Ange...

AK-12: Ange is going to sort this out her own way.

AN-94: Understood. I will notify them.

AK-12: Ange, how sure are you about this?

Angelia: There's a 10% chance that this will work, maybe less.

AK-12: Optimistic as ever, I see.

Angelia: If it does work, try to get me out as fast as you can.

AK-12: Understood. I'll be waiting for your order.

AK-12 and AN-94 take their leave.

Ange picks up the detonator that AK-12 didn't manage to set up. She grabs an old chair and sits down slowly.

She fishes out the pistol AK-12 handed back to her and snickers to herself.

Angelia: If I'd known, I wouldn't have emptied the mag back then. I could've blown Yegor's damn brains out now.

...Footsteps coming from downstairs.

Military soldier: There's a sound. The bio signature is just upstairs.

Military soldier: The T-Dolls' signals are further up - on the roof, a considerable distance away from the bio signature...

Military soldier: Could this be a trap?

Yegor: Attention, our target is on the third floor. Hold your positions and stay alert.

Yegor: Let me see what she's up to.

Military soldier: Sir, are you going up alone?

Yegor: She's provoking me...which is why I must end her myself.

Yegor: The T-Dolls aren't by her side; she must've prepared something. Check the building carefully and report to me at once if you find anything.

Military soldier: Yes, sir.

Yegor: Now let's see what kind of tricks you've still got with one foot already in your coffin, Ange.

...Yegor walks up the stairs. Finally, he is face-to-face with the woman.

Yegor: Angelia.

Angelia: Captain Yegor.

Angelia: We meet again.

Yegor: You don't have your subordinates with you.

Angelia: Neither do you.

Yegor: I am more than enough to deal with you.

Angelia: You talk big for a guy who made a huge fuss and dragged an entire crowd along to pursue me. That's a rather pathetic way of chasing women.

Yegor: Are these your last words? You're even more boring than I thought. Ange, you really disappoint me.

Angelia: Sorry, I really am just a boring woman.

Angelia: So, are you planning to make a lengthy speech before you kill me?

Yegor: Do I look like a second-rate villain in some trashy movie?

Angelia: You look like one, but I know your head isn't clear enough for the part anymore...

Angelia: Collapse Fluid doesn't just ravage the flesh. You've been enduring the mental instability caused by the radiation while letting me play you for a fool. You must be very close to losing it.

Yegor: You're right. My subordinates and I were a bit out of control because ever since the dirty bomb went off, we've been driven by a single motive - to kill you!

Yegor: The puppet show you put on with your Griffin Dolls hasn't quenched our thirst for vengeance in the slightest, as there is only one thing we're after - your death. Now, it's time!

...Ange gives no response, but Yegor notices her obscured hand making a move.

Yegor: Die!

Yegor pulls out his gun, but at the same time...

Angelia: That fast draw was beautiful. If you weren't an enemy, I might just fall for you.

Yegor: ...!

Angelia: But why haven't you fired?

Angelia: If I'm not mistaken, you seem to be afraid of this?

Ange lifts the detonator.

Angelia: Barging into the building in such a hurry. You didn't even think about why I'd been staying here, did you?

Right then, Yegor receives a transmission.

Military soldier: Sir, we've discovered multiple IEDs hidden around the building!

Military soldier: We only located a few with our scan, but judging by the rigging pattern, we estimate there are a lot more that we haven't picked up yet!

Angelia: Finally caught on? That's right, I put on an act and fooled you into thinking I was extremely weak and feeble, so that you'd have this building surrounded. Then I had my T-Dolls buy time for me to prepare the bombs and just waited for you to come bursting into the building like an idiot.

Angelia: It has always been my plan to get you all in one go and make you pay for betraying me.

Yegor: An...ge...!

Angelia: Oh, don't look at me like that. And I suggest you relax your hand. If you shoot me, my T-Dolls will immediately set off the bombs with the spare detonator.

Yegor: You think you can threaten me?!

Angelia: Of course I can.

Angelia: One last thing - these aren't just regular bombs in the building. They're rigged to a Collapse Fluid canister. If it goes off, all your forces out there will be going down with us.

Yegor: ...Collapse Fluid? Trying to trick me again even now? Cut the crap! You have no way of doing that!

Angelia: What makes you so sure?

Yegor: You're lying! Where can you get so much Collapse Fluid? There can't be more canisters!

Angelia: Why not? Just because I've used one before?

Angelia: Who do you think is more likely to press the detonator - a person who's set off a nuclear bomb or one who hasn't?

Angelia: Why don't you ask your subordinates? They must be busy trying to find the little present we've hidden for you.

Yegor keeps one hand on his gun and fishes out his communicator with the other.

Yegor: Are you detecting a high concentration of Collapse Fluid in the building?

Military soldier: We heard her. We're running a scan right now.

Military soldier: But the contamination is so severe in the area the scanner can't get a proper reading.

Yegor: ...

Angelia: Well? Believe me now?

Yegor: Then what are you waiting for? Push the trigger as you've planned!

Angelia: Hahaha...!

Yegor: What's so funny...?

Angelia: You. You're on the verge of collapsing under all this pressure, but you're still trying to pressure ME.

Angelia: Not bad. I'll give you some good news - you're in luck; I just changed my mind.

Angelia: Order your troops outside to withdraw to the outskirts and let me - and all my T-Dolls - leave this place.

Angelia: Then I'll think about letting you all off the hook.

Yegor: You wish, Ange! I've finally made it this far, I won't just let you slip away again!

Yegor: Push that trigger and let's go to hell together if you dare!

Angelia: Don't try me! This is your final chance!

Angelia: Or you'll take another radiation bath! But this time, neither you nor your subordinates will survive!

Yegor: You think I'm scared of dying here? We're soldiers, Ange! And you know what soldiers are made of!

Angelia: I know you, Yegor - you're their commanding officer!

Angelia: You may consider T-Dolls worthless, but these humans are your comrades and brothers! Will you endanger them again just so you can have your revenge?

Yegor: My men...don't mind making sacrifices!

Angelia: So you want them to eat another dirty bomb?! Just how selfish can you be?! Think about their future! Think about their families! The moment I use this detonator, you, as well as everyone here, won't ever get a chance to have your revenge!

Yegor: You're bluffing! Either that, or you're fucking insane!

Angelia: I am! That's why I'm capable of anything! They have all left me for dead and this is my last lifeline!

Angelia: I'm not afraid of anything! I'm happy to trade my own life and my worthless T-Dolls in exchange for bringing down so many enemies!

Angelia: ...No matter what you do, I win.

Angelia: So...take your pick. Either we all live...or you're all coming with me!

...Ange grins wolfishly. Yegor can't discern any ulterior motive from her cold eyes. She is only forcing him to do one thing...to make a choice.

...Yegor knows that at this point, he really doesn't have one.

...Slowly, he lays down his weapon.

Yegor: ...

Yegor: This time, you win.

Yegor: I'll spare your worthless life for now.

Yegor: Attention, this building is suspected to be rigged with explosives containing Collapse Fluid. Withdraw three kilometers and keep a safe distance from this structure. That's an order - everyone out, NOW!

...Ange stands up and walks slowly toward the window.

AK-12: Ange, do you copy? The Military is starting to withdraw. Our path to the extraction point is clear!

Angelia: I know. Come and get me.

She turns back to Yegor.

Angelia: You make a fine commanding officer. I'll admit you're a good soldier, but you're fighting on the wrong side.

AK-12 and AN-94 jump in through the window and aim their weapons at Yegor.

Yegor: So you're getting rid of me after all.

Angelia: Kill you? There's nothing in it for me.

Angelia: The Sangvis mastermind has given us the slip. Is there any reason why we must tear each other's throats out?

Yegor: You know I have a reason.

Angelia: I once had a million reasons to kill you, too.

Angelia: But not now. I've got more important stuff to do.

Yegor: This isn't the end, Angelia...

Yegor: ...Just you wait.

...Ange lets herself be pulled onto AK-12's back under Yegor's vicious glare.

Angelia: Leave it till next time. Here, a little souvenir for you. I hope it'll help you remember a hard lesson learned.

Ange tosses the detonator onto the floor as AK-12 and AN-94 jump out through the window with her.

Yegor walks steadily toward the window and picks up the detonator. He stares wordlessly at the empty sky outside.

...Half an hour later.

Military soldier: Sir, according to the bomb disposal unit's report, the IEDs installed in the building...weren't connected to any detonator...

Military soldier: The drone has run a detailed scan on the whole structure and found no sign of any canister containing a high concentration of Collapse Fluid either...

Yegor: ...

Military soldier: Sir...

Yegor: I knew it... I knew it...

...Yegor remains incredibly calm. He merely gazes emptily at the detonator Ange left behind.

Yegor: I knew she was bluffing...

Yegor: It wasn't unexpected at all...

Yegor: But I had no choice. You all know what that woman is capable of. I couldn't put your lives in danger again.

Military soldier: Sir...

Military soldier: Next time, no matter what happens, we are ready to sacrifice ourselves at your command.

Yegor peers at the corporal. He takes a deep breath and claps his subordinate on the shoulder.

Yegor: Save that for our next operation. Our country will demand greater sacrifices from us all.

Yegor: For the country's bright future, we must proceed to the next stage of the plan...

...Meanwhile.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange! I didn't know you threw in some Collapse Fluid! But what actually is Collapse Fluid?

Angelia: Haha...as if. I had no more cards up my sleeve back then; all I could do was give them a scare.

Angelia: I knew Yegor would be suspicious when he saw me on my own. I merely stoked his suspicions and made him scare the pants off himself.

AK-12: That was real dirty.

Angelia: If I didn't strike him where it hurt, I couldn't have shaken his resolve.

Angelia: He isn't afraid to die, but he can't bear to watch so many of his men die before him. It wasn't the first time...

416: Ange, I'm curious - if the IEDs were fully functional, would you really have detonated them?

Angelia: ...I don't know. We'll see if it ever comes to that. I'll improvise.

AK-12: You always devise very elaborate plans with provisions made for various contingencies, yet now you talk about improvising.

AK-12: I mean, I don't mind winging it when something unexpected happens, but you really went off the deep end this time - even I think so.

Angelia: To be honest, it was all empty bravado. I banked everything on three things - one, the Military couldn't find all of the IEDs that quickly; two, the radiation had spread enough to affect the entire area and interfere with their scanner; and three, Yegor was befuddled by my high-pressure tactics...

Angelia: The result...was mostly down to luck. If Yegor hadn't been infected, if he hadn't been so impatient to have his revenge, with his experience, he could most certainly have come up with something else, and my hands would've been truly tied...

AN-94: But in the end, we did survive - that's what truly matters. You saved us, Ange.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah, I didn't actually expect all of us to live!

Angelia: I'm the one who's saved; you just got dragged into this because of me.

Angelia: I'm very grateful to you all and the commander...

RO635: Now we're going to rescue the commander, aren't we?

AK-12: Hmm... The military has resumed their pursuit.

AN-94: They are currently occupied with cleaning up the scene and treating their wounded. This is our best chance.

M4 SOPMOD II: Thank goodness you haven't been in any kind of danger so far, Commander. You managed to stay hidden in the secret safe house this whole time - how lucky!

...
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Help?
If choice 2 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: See? But aren't you bored having been on your own for so long?
If choice 2 was picked

416: The commander does have company. They aren't together, but they can still chat.
If choice 3 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha! Sorry, but you're so well hidden I doubt there could be any threat.
If choice 3 was picked

416: Rather, they have neutralized all the threats.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh? Who do you mean?

416: The two elite T-Dolls Fräulein Kalin sent to protect the commander.

RO635: She only sent...two?

416: We're understaffed, but those two are more than enough for the job.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? I'm not sure about that. Who are they?

416: One is an elite model that IOP has kept under wraps for a long time. She isn't exactly a team player, but she's good.

416: Her name is...

M82A1: Griffin T-Doll M82A1.

The sound of a ferocious shootout comes through the channel.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Is there a fight somewhere?

M82A1: I've been fighting the whole time.

M82A1: Kalina told me a rescue party was on their way, but I didn't know you'd take so long. The commander is in trouble. Please hurry up.

Angelia: Trouble? What trouble?

...Bang!

M870: Gunshot! They're coming, bearing 300°!

M82A1: I heard that too, thank you very much. Don't interrupt me.

M82A1: Allow me to introduce M870 - a problematic T-Doll that's good for nothing if not for her skills.

M870: "Good for nothing if not for her skills and COOLNESS", thank you very much!

M870: Nice to meet you, guys, but I'm not interested in going out for drinks with strangers under such dangerous circumstances!

M870: Right now, there are only the two of us protecting the commander, so can you please hurry the fuck up?!

AK-12: What enemies have you run into? Can you describe them?

M82A1: I've been trying to figure that out myself. These things we're coming up against...

M82A1: What exactly are they...? T-Dolls? ...Humans? Or...some sort of "emissaries"?

M870: I'm not sure if I can take care of them!

M870: Just to make it clear, girls - you do understand that by "I'm not sure", I actually mean "I can't", right?

AK-12: Now we do. But what kind of enemies are we talking about?

M82A1: I don't know what they are.

M82A1: Have you seen these white Dolls before?

M870: And...that kinky slut wearing a white tunic over there?

416: ...

Angelia: What...white Dolls?

416: We really must hurry.

416: Commander, we're in big trouble!

...The night is over and the sky starts turning a pinkish white. Everyone is making their final preparations for the decisive battle.

Angelia: New enemies?! Why didn't you mention anything?!

416: Our mission so far didn't have use for such information!

416: Have you got any clue, Ange?

Angelia: No...but I might be able to make a guess going by their characteristics. What do they look like?

M4 SOPMOD II: You'll see for yourself soon.

AN-94: Making all those bombs just now has weakened our HOCs' firepower significantly.

AN-94: If they use up all the remaining artillery shells now, our next move...

Angelia: Use them all. Save nothing. This is our last move.

Angelia: Commander, how are you doing?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, of course we are! You're our Commander!
If choice 1 was picked

RO635: Even though I'm stuck in this form...I'll still do my best for you!
If choice 1 was picked

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, you've helped us out so many times. This time, let us save you!
If choice 1 was picked

RO635: Please hang in there, Commander!
If choice 2 was picked

416: Of course I have. This is me we're talking about, Commander. You should have complete faith in me.

416: That also applies to this mission to rescue you.
If choice 2 was picked

Angelia: Commander, I honestly didn't expect such persistence from you. Are you doing this just because it's your job? Or do you sincerely like it in Griffin?

Angelia: Whatever the case, I WILL repay you. Of course, rescuing you this time won't be enough, but it's a start.
If choice 3 was picked

AK-12: Can't be helped. Ange's orders.

AK-12: Just kidding. You've helped us and Ange out so many times. We should do something to return the favor.
If choice 3 was picked

AN-94: Besides, this operation requires a triumphant conclusion.

AN-94: It is our honor to see everything through to the end.

Angelia: Right, girls. While not everyone is here, almost all the subordinates I've ever had are with me now.

Angelia: I've looked through 416's report. These enemies are powerful and enigmatic, but they have only one objective - to capture the commander.

Angelia: We will NOT let them get what they want. The commander's team will do their best to slow them down, while we'll break through their encirclement and extract the commander from the safe house...

AK-12: Have you seen these stats, Ange? This is gonna be a very tough fight.

416: The black Doll alone almost turned the entire Griffin base upside down, and this white one could only be even more advanced!

Angelia: I know. My experience tells me our chances aren't good at all.

Angelia: But they never are, are they? In any case, the commander needs us now.

Angelia: We MUST succeed and achieve this one last victory for the commander! Let's go!

White Doll: Good morning, Griffin Commander.

White Doll: Do not resist or we will destroy all your subordinates.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

White Doll: If we fail, we die. Since we cannot die, we will succeed.
If choice 2 was picked

White Doll: I perceive no fear in your voice. Are you deceiving me?
If choice 3 was picked

White Doll: Yes, we wish to observe your reactions and compare them to the data we have in your profile.

White Doll: Subject did not react in despair. Supposition inaccurate.

White Doll: Further observation to be conducted after the subject is captured.

Angelia: We won't let you, puppet! We're going to break through your blockade and rescue the commander!

White Doll: All your efforts are futile.

White Doll: Since you will not lay down your arms, I will prove that to you soon.

White Doll: Now, Nytos, let the hunt begin!
Part 2

2

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange! Now!

Angelia: Not yet! Enemy fire is still too heavy!

Angelia: 416, these Ringleaders are totally different than what your information describes!

416: These must be enhanced models! They're even more powerful than the previous ones!

AK-12: I'm dying to know where they came from... What the hell are they?!

AN-94: I have never seen that insignia or those weapons before.

Angelia: We must fall back and wait for another chance!

RO635: How long will it take...? They seem to be getting reinforcements!

M82A1: Can you still go on?

Angelia: ...I don't know, M82. If it weren't for your long-range support, we would probably die right here.

M82A1: I don't want that to happen. If you can help me pinpoint the Ringleader's precise location, I might be able to snipe her down from this angle.

Angelia: Got it... I'll try to think of a way out of this impasse...
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...The battle enters the final stage.

416: Commander, we've eliminated the enemies in the perimeter! We're looking for a chance to make our way in!

416: Please be ready. We'll be right—

The transmission gets cut off all of a sudden!

...Crash! The back door of the safe house is broken down!

The commander feels an abrupt sting of electric current from head to toe and slumps onto the ground.

Black Doll: Good morning, Griffin Commander.

Black Doll: We are under orders to capture you...

...Smack!

Suddenly, a figure comes rushing up from behind the black Doll and slaps her across the face with a force way more incredible than it appears.

The Doll flies across a considerable distance and slams into the wall...

White Doll: That was for walking in front of me.

The black Doll gets to her feet slowly, red fluid dripping down the corner of her mouth.

...Smack!

White Doll: That was for your stupidity that resulted in a failed mission.

White Doll: There were only a few Dolls at the Griffin base, yet you still failed. You also wasted quadruple the amount of time and five times more resources than expected on gathering and analyzing their data.

Black Doll: That...was not me...

Black Doll: They...have already given their all...

White Nyto: To me, you are all the same, and you keep making the same mistake mission after mission.

White Nyto: Our lives are short and precious, yet you squander them time and time again with your impotence. I am ashamed to share your name and appearance. Father should never have created you.

White Nyto: This is why I am standing here, teaching you what it means to have a "self".

Black Nyto: I...understand...

White Nyto: Our success today is all thanks to me. That human is my trophy.

Black Nyto: I...have no objection...

White Nyto: Take the human to Father's desired location...

White Nyto: And the "we" over there will acquire what Father wants from the prisoner.

White Nyto: Griffin is about to break through our blockade. When will our transport arrive?

Black Nyto: It is going to take some time. The automated carrier is still on its way— Sister, where are you going?

White Nyto: This is a demonstration. I'm going to buy you some time.

Black Nyto: But you will not get to leave. Your soul will not stay anchored to this body.

White Nyto: Genuine freedom can only be attained through sacrifice. I shall "awaken" once more with this freedom.

White Nyto: Take the human and report my achievements to Father. Do you understand?

Black Nyto: Yes, I will make sure Father remembers you...I swear.

...Ten minutes later.

AK-12: Their defense line is about to collapse! Keep it up!

White Nyto: Your actions are meaningless, Griffin Dolls.

White Nyto: No matter how many times you attack, you will not be able to get close to my scythe.

AN-94: We know we can't...

AN-94: But they can.

...

Terrifying howl: GUARGHHHHHHH!

White Nyto: The Baptized?

M4 SOPMOD II: Guys, RO and I have drawn the ELID zombies this way!

RO635: I told you I'd come in handy!

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph, you mean your megaphone. I didn't know it comes with so many modes!

RO635: I am a T-Doll of many talents!

RO635: Hey, hurry! They're about to get me!

AN-94: SOP-II, you might have attracted too many of them.

M4 SOPMOD II: Didn't you say to draw them all from every direction?

...The ELIDs surge towards the blockade.

White Nyto: All units, stand down. Do not attack the Baptized.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Why aren't the white enemies attacking? They'll be torn to pieces!

AK-12: Does that matter? M82, I've located the target. Can you make a snipe from this distance?

M82A1: Wouldn't be a problem even if you tripled the distance.

...Bang!

...The white Doll takes a bullet in the head, which explodes like a watermelon.

AK-12: We did our part.

AK-12: Now...it's up to Ange and 416.

...Meanwhile, inside the safe house.

...Bam! 416 kicks the door open.

416: Commander! Where are you? Come out!

Angelia: The Commander isn't here! Search the house!

Black Nyto: Do not bother.

Black Nyto: You are too late.

...The black Doll walks slowly into the room.

Angelia: Why...why are you here?!

Angelia: What about the Commander? Tell us where the Commander is!

Black Nyto: We have taken the Griffin Commander away.

416: ...

416: Why...?

416: What exactly are you after?!

Black Nyto: You...know nothing about "us"...

Black Nyto: "Our" greatness is beyond your comprehension.

416: What...?

Angelia: You must be here for a reason. You couldn't possibly have fallen out from the sky...

Black Nyto: What do you hope to achieve with that piece of knowledge?

Angelia: Indeed, I have no interest in your identity or intentions. Hand the commander over!

Black Nyto: Unfortunately, the human has already departed from this location.

Black Nyto: There is nothing you can do.

Black Nyto: I only stayed behind to relay a message.

Black Nyto: "The shining beacon in a brave new world."

...Bang!

...Ange kills the black Doll with a single shot.

Angelia: Don't say that in my presence. It revolts me.

AK-12: Ange, the battlefield is getting out of hand! We must withdraw!

AN-94: Can you confirm if the commander...has really been abducted?

416: There are no life signs in the safe house. I believe it's true...

RO635: Those white Dolls...were only here to slow us down.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ange...

M4 SOPMOD II: Did we fail the mission...?

...Ange stares at the remains of the black Doll and the pool of crimson fluid on the floor in silence.

Angelia: No, not yet...

Angelia: We simply...haven't completed the mission yet.

Angelia: No one is going to get left behind, I swear.

Angelia: ...

...

I think I finished the entire story. I'm sure I didn't make any mistakes.

A heavy weight is lifted off my mind - I no longer have to fight against the truth serum. Of course, this also means I'm about to face something much worse...

Nyto: ...Father.

Nyto: The Griffin Commander has completed the statement. It tallies with our information.

Distorted voice: Finally spilled it all?

Distorted voice: It took you so long to interrogate a simple PMC employee. Just how useless are you?

Nyto: We are very sorry, Father. We did our best.

Distorted voice: I know. I never expected much from garbage like you. Now tell me what you learned. Keep it brief.

Calm T-Doll's voice: ...Commander.

Just then, I hear a voice in my ear. I hear hope.

Calm T-Doll's voice: Please check your restraints discreetly, but don't make a move. We've hacked into the system and deactivated them.

Calm T-Doll's voice: Once you confirm this, feel around for the pistol hidden beneath the straps. If you can find it, please lower your gaze, look to the right, and blink twice. Then look straight ahead again.

I can feel that the restraints have indeed been deactivated and I follow her instructions.

I can now move freely, but I know it isn't time yet.

Calm T-Doll's voice: Understood, Commander. We'll be there in the interrogation room right away.

Calm T-Doll's voice: If these Nytos try to attack you before we get there, don't hesitate to fight back. They're only interrogator models and have no weapons or combat capabilities. I'm sure you can handle them.

Calm T-Doll's voice: By the way, don't forget our code. To acknowledge, please lift your gaze, look to the left, furrow your brows, then pull the right corner of your mouth downward. Oh, and stick out your tongue.

It's a bit challenging, but I do everything she asks...

Calm T-Doll's voice: A wonderful face. I've documented the image in retaliation for ruining my reputation in your story.

Calm T-Doll's voice: Now, please wait patiently. We still need a little bit more time.

I want to tell her I don't have much time left, but she's already ended the conversation.

On the other end of the Nyto's communicator, the owner of that male voice whose haughtiness is so apparent even through the digital distortion that he must be lying on a sofa right now, listening to a record player and staring at the ceiling. Then he'll casually read out my sentence.

What awaits me...what this "Father" wants to do to me...is quite obvious...

Distorted voice: ...So you're telling me, that there was no way for the Commander and all the other targets to have come into contact with Mastermind?

Nyto: Indeed. The evidence offers no contradiction from any aspect.

Distorted voice: Then we have no need for contradiction. Your work is over.

Nyto: What should we do with the commander?

Distorted voice: Do you have to ask? How many times have you done this already?

Distorted voice: Chop off the Commander's head and send it to me. Then destroy all evidence.

Distorted voice: Stand closer this time and put your back into the swing. Make it a clean cut and keep the head in good shape for my research.

Will my rescue not make it in time? The four Nytos are closing in with blades in hand!

I'm not sure other than the head, what other body parts would make effective targets. I must wait for them to come even closer so that I can get them all in the head in one go.

Commander:

Commander:

The four Dolls offer no response at all. They just keep walking towards me.

No...I can't make a move yet. They're not close enough. Just a bit closer!

Besides...I don't know which one...

The moment the Nytos raise their blades—

??: "I've brought misfortune."

...Bang! Bang, bang!

...

I aim my pistol at the last standing Nyto.

She gazes at me, but I don't pull the trigger because...

Commander: My motto has always been "treat ladies gently".

Nyto?: I told you you didn't have to respond to my code phrase.

Nyto?: But I like that reply. Looks like you know who we are.

Commander:

Commander:
If choice 1 was picked

Nyto under UMP45's control: I'm very honored to take part in this mission, Commander.
If choice 2 was picked

Nyto under UMP45's control: 416 is with me. Gr G11 and 9 are giving us off-site support. Don't worry, we'll get you out.
If choice 1 was picked

Somehow I doubt your sincerity.
If choice 2 was picked

I'm relieved to hear that. I suppose I can at least trust you as allies.

Nyto under UMP45's control: I would very much like to smile in response to that, but simply hacking into this Nyto is taking up all my processing capacity.

Nyto under UMP45's control: I can't do much about the face or the voice. Hope you don't mind.

The Nyto walks toward the entrance and studies the door.

Nyto under UMP45's control: They seem to take you very seriously. To keep this interrogation room under wraps, the door can only be opened from within, and the only ones with access are these Nytos.

Nyto under UMP45's control: Of course, we could've blasted it open from outside, but I didn't want to blow you to bits as well.

The Nyto fiddles with some mechanism, and the door opens with a creak.

Then a T-Doll walks in.

416: ...Looks like you're safe, Commander.

The calm T-Doll that has been corresponding with me was 416. Then the one in control of the Nyto...

UMP45: Nicely done, Commander.

UMP45: You managed to finish off three Nytos all by yourself under these circumstances.

UMP45: Now, let me add the finishing touch.

UMP45 executes the hacked Nyto with a bang.

UMP45: Your suffering is over.

Commander:

Commander:
If choice 1 was picked

UMP45: Like my new look? I don't think you get to see me too often.
If choice 1 was picked

416: Just give her some compliments. Who knows when we'll see each other again.
If choice 1 was picked

UMP45: The next time we meet, you'll probably have forgotten about me, or you won't dare remember me.

UMP45: But I'll be happy so long as you remember our secret code. Now, let's get on with the job.
If choice 2 was picked

416: We've kept you waiting, Commander. Can you still move?

416: Your stories were a bit over-the-top, but you didn't deserve such punishment...
If choice 2 was picked

416 walks up to me and looks a bit concerned. Either my mind is starting to get foggy, or the punishment really was that heavy...

UMP45: 416, hold the Commander up. We're getting out of here.

416: That's not going to be easy. Are they coming, 45?

UMP45: Of course. They won't give up the Commander just like that. Let's go! We should find somewhere to hide first!

...With the help of a brand new UMP45 and the same old 416, I stumble out of the interrogation room unsteadily.

At long last, I'm leaving this damn place, where I've spent god-knows-how many hours or days. But I can't help but look back at the remains of the Nytos in there...

...Remains? Or...?

I take in the fluid that looks exactly like blood and the body parts mangled by bullets.

What on earth...are "they"?

With my brain still addled by chemicals, all kinds of notions tumble around uncontrollably inside my head.

UMP45's hack could only last for a minute at a time?

RO mentioned something about fluid leaking out of their bodies after they got shot...?

And the voice that sounded both real and hollow...

I can't think straight. The sounds of gunshots, artillery fire, and UMP45's calls overlap in my mind as I gradually slip into oblivion...

What exactly have I achieved? Victory? Freedom? Or...an even deeper level of hell?

...The operation has dragged on for too long and the infection has spread all over Ange's body. Task Force DEFY is forced to abort the mission and make a swift escape.

AN-94: The contamination index in this area is falling! There must be a safe spot ahead!

AK-12: Hurry, Ange! Keep running! We're almost there!

...Heading towards something. That's what Ange has been doing all along.

AK-12: Ange?

...But she has never felt so lost before.

AN-94: Ange...

...Confusion, terror, hate. At the last moment...

...She lets go of all these things that she's been holding onto, so that she can get the one thing she wants right now.

Ange...

Angelia: GUARGHHHHHHH!!

...Death.

AK-12: Ange...

AK-12: I can't do this...

AN-94: Didn't you hear her, AK-12?

AN-94: She wants us...to kill her.

...

Angelia: Ugh...argh...

Angelia: GUARGHHHHH!!

AN-94: This is our final order. Come on.

...Bang, bang!

...Half an hour later, at a certain communications outpost.

AK-12: Commander, Ange's radiation sickness escalated and became rampant. We obeyed her dying wish and put her down.

AK-12: The rescue mission has ended in failure. AN-94 and I will bury Ange's body and self-destruct in 15 minutes.

AK-12: Please...withdraw the rescue party and leave the battlefield as soon as you can.

...End of transmission.

...Not another sound comes through the communicator...

...

Nyto: We are surprised you are still capable of such deception under these circumstances.

Nyto: We have truly underestimated you, Griffin Commander.

Nyto: We must administer a larger, but not fatal, dosage.

A Nyto takes out another syringe and injects the truth serum into my veins.

The effect starts kicking in quickly, but I can still resist it. I still have a bit of willpower...though I don't know if I'm already running on fumes...

Nyto: Ange did not die, at least not in this battle. We saw her kill one of us with our very own eyes.

Nyto: So tell us how she survived and with whom she has had dealings.

I will tell them everything that comes to mind.

The lies, the truth. Let them guess.

I know what they're really after. I also know the consequences of giving them what they want.

Nyto: Humans are fragile contraptions that break down easily.

Nyto: If you wish to leave this facility with your mind and body intact, value the chance you have been given and tell the truth.

That's why I need time...as well as all sorts of fantasies to counter the truth serum.

How many more times will Miss Ange die in my story?

At the very least, she has to keep dying till I can live...

...
