Bremen Suburbs, Germany.

Bremen is an important city within the decontaminated zone in East Germany.

Since WWIII, the government has implemented many policies aimed at preserving the city's diversity and promoting continuous development, which has attracted a large influx of immigrants.

The government initially proposed different schemes to address this issue, but the city's limited resources simply cannot cope with the excess population, so a significant floating population is forced to reside in the refugee camps, struggling to make ends meet.

These refugees displaced from contaminated zones are desperate for land on which to survive, and the local government has clearly underestimated their desperation. Even to this day, many homeless refugees still flock to Bremen to take their chances.

The border entrance is teeming with people.

Not everyone gets to become a resident of Bremen - even a simple shack in the refugee settlement is extremely hard to come by.

All immigrants, refugee or not, have to undergo vigorous vetting procedures just to enter Bremen.

Those who do not carry a travel pass issued by the government will not be allowed to travel to the other side of the quarantine wall, even if they have crossed the quarantine belt.

Angelia: ...

Refugee: ...Oh, sorry for bumping into you.

Angelia: That's alright. Please go ahead.

Refugee: M-May I?

Angelia: Sure.

Angelia: I'm waiting for someone.

Angelia's voice is unusually gentle.

Angelia has been standing at the checkpoint under the scorching sun for 15 minutes, all the while letting people from behind take her place in the queue.

She is dressed like a destitute beggar and wrapped up thoroughly to cover up her ghastly scars.

She does not wish to attract any kind of attention. Fortunately, her appearance is not all that uncommon even in this summer heat.

People in this day and age have all sorts of reasons to obscure their bodies.

Angelia: (...Only two left?)

The queue at the checkpoint is not moving very quickly, but it is moving nonetheless.

The crowd hasn't been deliberately organized, but everything is proceeding in an orderly fashion, which is a sign of competent management.

The people around Ange have come and gone.

Which makes the two men loitering like her all the more conspicuous.

Angelia: (They don't seem to be armed... Are they not taking me seriously?)

Angelia: (Or are firearms just hard to conceal in a place like this?)

Ange raises her arm and knocks on the railings next to her. The clang is drowned out by the bustling crowd and her odd gesture has gone unnoticed.

But the men that she has her eyes on are visibly unnerved by the "signal" that they think she just sent, and their wandering gaze zeros in on her at the same time, even if just for an instant.

Angelia: ...Good morning.

Ange meets their eyes.

The two men flinch and look away at the same time - the worst mistake to make when following someone is to arouse the target's suspicion; that's basic stalking technique, and it is this conditioned reflex that Ange is exploiting.

The moment they shift their gaze, Ange immediately pulls down her hood and ducks into the crowd.

It only takes the blink of an eye for her stalkers to realize their target has disappeared from sight, but for an agent as experienced as Ange, this tiny amount of time is more than enough.

Agent A: Crap!

Realizing their serious blunder, the men waste no time and spring into action immediately.

However, the noisy and tightly-packed crowd poses a challenging obstacle.

Even the well-trained agents cannot pass through them easily.

Agent A: We've lost her!

Agent B: Split up!

Agent B: We've got to find her! Don't let her enter the city!

The Bremen soldiers standing guard at the checkpoint do not seem to have noticed the small commotion.

This is good news for both Ange and her unwelcomed pursuers, since none of them wants the situation to get out of hand.

As if by some kind of tacit agreement, both sides are doing their best to keep a low profile even though tension is running extremely high.

Angelia: (...Which means...)

Angelia: (They're not from the city then?)

That makes sense - if they were from Bremen, they could have waited until she was inside the city.

Ange knows that the entire world is watching her every move, and yet she has put herself in danger once again.

She's just reckless like that.

Agent A: Where the hell did she go...

Agent A: Urk!

One of the agents is searching in the crowd when a pair of powerful arms lock around his neck.

Swifty, silently, and completely oblivious to his assailant's deadly presence, he is overcome almost instantaneously.

Agent A: Hm! Hnng!

Unable to even make a sound, his face flushes like a tomato about to burst. In a few seconds, he loses consciousness and collapses onto the ground.

Child Refugee: ...??

Angelia: ...Hush.

Ange smiles at the gawking child and gestures for him to keep quiet.

The boy, with snot dangling from his nose, turns and runs back to his mother. He keeps looking back at Ange, but his mother simply urges him to keep up with the crowd.

The incident seems to have gone largely unnoticed. Even if there are witnesses, nobody would stop for this.

It does not affect their livelihood, after all.

By the time the other agent realizes that he has lost contact with his colleague, Ange has once again vanished among the flock of refugees.

Agent B: Schneider!

Agent B: Verdammt... This woman is as slippery as an eel!

A sudden thought sends chills running down his spine.

They are meant to be the hunters, but the tables have turned in just a few short minutes.

This is utterly inconceivable to him.

Agent B: I thought she was just some stupid bitch who's dumb enough to come alone.

Agent B: Turns out she's no joke... Scheiße! She's totally toying with us!

Cursing is not going to solve his problem. Right now, it's imperative that he finds this damnable woman from within the crowd.

The traffic is hindering his movements; it shouldn't be any different for her.

He is also an elite who has survived hellish training. He could have easily subdued her if he could just get a little closer...

That is how it should have played out.

Agent B: Hng!

Bam!

The agent finally breaks free from the crowd. Just as he is about to turn the corner...

A punch lands squarely on the bridge of his nose.

Angelia: What a joke. You're too careless. You should always be prepared for your target to counterattack, you know?

Agent B: D-Dammit!

The indignant agent retaliates, but Ange dodges his blow nonchalantly.

Angelia: Who are you? Who sent you?

Agent B: Cut the crap and go to hell!

Ignoring his threat, Ange seizes the opportunity and delivers a heavy blow to the man's face with a crescent kick.

The kick sends his shades flying and knocks the agent down before he can even gasp.

Ange lowers her leg and inspects the man, who is lying in a crumpled pile on the ground. Once she is certain that he is out cold, she lets herself relax a little.

Angelia: Just two? This is too easy.

Agent C: Arms in the air.

Angelia: ...Have I missed something?

Angelia: And here I was just wondering.

Just as Ange is about to stand up, a third man comes out of nowhere and points a pistol straight at her.

Angelia: I thought you didn't think firearms would be necessary.

Agent C: We clearly underestimated you.

Agent C: It would be wise for you to come quietly with me.

Angelia: Really?

Angelia: I believe it would be wise for YOU to just leave quietly.

Ange retorts, completely unperturbed.

Agent C: I don't think so.

???: You will when you wake up.

Agent C: Wha—?!

Thud!

The man takes a blow in the back of his neck. Ange swears she could hear the crack of broken bone.

Without even a chance to pull the trigger, the agent topples over.

Ange looks placidly at her partners, who have approached without a sound.

Angelia: I hope he's not dead.

AN-94: I held back.

RPK-16: Hm, somehow I don't think this gentleman's spine agrees.

RPK-16: Oh, what a shame. He's still breathing.

Angelia: Drag him into the alley back there. Get the other two as well.

RPK-16: What would you have done if we hadn't shown up in time?

RPK-16: Why didn't you let us stay with you? Don't you know it's very dangerous to split up even for just a few minutes?

Angelia: If I were him, I'd have been relieved that you hadn't shown up in time. After all, he wouldn't have had to stay so long in the hospital if I had taken him down myself.

AN-94: Miss Ange wants to eliminate the spies who have been following her before we enter the city, that's why she had to bait them into revealing themselves.

AN-94: They wouldn't have fallen for it if we had been with her.

RPK-16: Not that they're very professional, seeing that they fell for it at all.

RPK-16: I expected more from the Germans.

Angelia: They don't seem to be sent by the government, and they're too weak to be Paradeus.

Angelia: It's probably just some random gang messing about. We shouldn't waste time on such amateurs.

Angelia: Still, we weren't actually followed by that many people, so I suppose our disguises are working pretty well.

RPK-16: Is this why you've split the team up?

AN-94: Though I am a bit puzzled by the grouping...

RPK-16: Oh? Got something against me, dear Antje?

AN-94: ...S-Stop pulling my leg, Renate.

Angelia: I'm asking you to be sisters because it's easier to disguise the two of you as civilians entering the city.

Angelia: This is Germany; we're not here on holiday.

Angelia: We must keep a low profile on this mission.

RPK-16: That's true; those two stick out like sore thumbs even in civilian clothing.

RPK-16: Is that also why you've given us weird-ass names?

Angelia: Are they weird?

Angelia: I think they suit you.

RPK-16: So Miss 94 is "gracious" and I'm "reborn"?

RPK-16: Your way of naming people sure is straightforward.

Angelia: Remember to address each other by your aliases once you're in.

RPK-16: Shouldn't we wait for the two who look like actual sisters?

Angelia: You'll see when we get inside.

With the nuisance taken care of, the reunited trio join the crowd once again and enter the town leading into Bremen.

The quarantine wall towers above the huddling slipshod buildings. Residents of this town sometimes look up and watch as large metal birds soar through the sky, directly across the satellite town and into Bremen.

AN-94: We're through.

AN-94: Where is our informant?

Angelia: We'll meet him after we rendezvous with Lucia and Erwin.

Angelia: Now that we're in Bremen, we should be safe for the time being.

RPK-16: You mean 12 and 15? I just can't get used to these names.

Angelia: You'll get used to them soon enough.

AN-94: This is the first time I've visited East Germany.

AN-94: I didn't expect it to be like this.

Angelia: Getting a sense of novelty?

Angelia: Things aren't really that different from back home.

AN-94: Hm... You're right.

AN-94: Most of the refugees at the checkpoint will only get to live in this satellite town.

Angelia: Even so, it's more than they could hope for.

Angelia: It certainly beats living in fear and being doused in radiation out in the Yellow Zone.

Angelia: It's the same for people everywhere.

RPK-16: I'm surprised you two are in the mood for idle chatter. Don't you think we're standing out a bit too much?

RPK-16: Also, we've been here for a while, but there's no sign of Erwin or Lucia.

RPK-16: Are you sure they actually know where we're meeting up?

Angelia: Yes, they simply haven't arrived.

AN-94: Then maybe we should've waited before coming in?

AN-94: It's a lot of trouble crossing the quarantine belt without your papers, not to mention that they're Dolls.

Angelia: Relax, 94, they'll be fine.

Angelia: Also, it's about time.

AN-94: About time?

Ange glances at her watch.

By then, the trio have made their way to a large open field.

This is a piece of undeveloped land between the quarantine belt and the satellite town.

RPK-16: An open space, but I'm not seeing any paths.

RPK-16: Oh, I know. 12 and 15 are gonna pop out from underground?

Angelia: Guess again.

RPK-16: ...Oh, now I see.

RPK-16 seems to have come to some kind of realization.

RPK-16: No wonder you put them on the same team.

AN-94: W-What do you mean?

Angelia: There they are.

Ange looks up in the other direction.

A freighter plane is approaching Bremen from the horizon.

In their field of vision, the small black dot gradually grows into a rumbling aircraft.

Its silhouette blocks out the sunlight. Ange gazes at it with squinted eyes.

The plane becomes larger and larger as it descends, until they can clearly see the landing gear being lowered.

Ange keeps staring wordlessly at the sky.

All of a sudden, a small object is ejected from the rear of the plane. The object enlarges rapidly and it soon becomes apparent that it's a crate about the size of a car.

With a loud, dull clang, the crate lands heavily not far from Ange.

The empty weedy field now sports an additional crater.

Angelia: They've arrived.

AN-94: Huh?

Ange walks up to the crate and disengages the locking mechanism.

The crate opens on the side and two white-haired Dolls roll out from within.

AN-94: 12...Lucia, are you alright?

AK-12: My head...felt like it was going to come right off.

Angelia: The landing site is only off by 4.75m. The delivery crew is really professional.

RPK-16: So this is how you made it across the border.

RPK-16: Hahahaha... I'm sorry, but this is hilarious.

RPK-16: I can't believe you actually agreed to this. What obliging subordinates you are.

AK-15: ...It is efficient.

AK-12: I don't mind being cooped up in a crate for hours.

AK-12: But at least equip the crate with a parachute for the landing, for goodness sake.

Angelia: We can't have anyone snapping pictures of it. Besides, you're the one who came up with this plan·

Angelia: "AK-15 and I have no chance of slipping in unnoticed."

Angelia: "So rather than crossing the border on foot, it's better if we go by plane."

Angelia: That's what you said.

AK-12: This wasn't exactly how I planned to disembark from the plane.

Angelia: It worked out just fine in the end.

Angelia: Your weapons and comms equipment all survived the fall, right?

AK-15: We stashed them in the buffer container before setting off. They appear to be undamaged, but I will double-check.

RPK-16: It couldn't have been easy to smuggle you aboard a plane even if you're in a crate.

RPK-16: So who was the kind benefactor that made such arrangements for us?

RPK-16: Since everybody is present, isn't it about time you spilled the beans?

Angelia: Do I really have to spell it out?

RPK-16: Oh? I honestly don't remember meeting anyone with such influence.

...

Inside the quarantine wall.

RPK-16: I honestly don't remember meeting anyone with such influence.

K: What's going on?

K: Am I to be greeted by an insult on arrival?

The person here to pick up Angelia and co. is none other than K, who returned to his home country after concluding his intelligence mission at the submarine base.

It is also thanks to K that Ange carries a travel pass issued by the East German government.

Angelia: Cut the crap.

Angelia: How are the preparations?

K: The safe house is ready, and I've sorted out your fake IDs.

K: Still, I've never met someone who's so damn brazen when asking for a favor...

Angelia: Right now, there are enough people who want to do me favors to form a queue from here all the way to St. Petersburg.

Angelia: Not to mention you owe me one.

K: What a pain in the ass. And here I thought we were allies.

Angelia: That was in the past.

Angelia: We've agreed that the East German government won't meddle in our operations.

Angelia: That naturally means that you should also keep your nose out of our business.

K: I know, but I have my own obligations.

K: On a personal level, I don't mind helping you, but this is Germany, and I'm in charge of national security here.

K: It is my duty—and well within my right—to know what you're up to.

Angelia: Humph... Surely you could guess even if I didn't say anything?

Angelia: My objective here is no big secret.

K: "Investigate Paradeus." We have a common objective.

K: Since we've already been conducting the investigation for a while, your best option would be to collaborate with us.

Angelia: I don't need any collaborators. What if you're also working for William?

K: If I were, you wouldn't have left the submarine base alive.

K: C'mon, don't be so belligerent at our reunion. Let me introduce you to some new friends.

K leads Ange and her Dolls through the wall into Bremen proper.

A black sedan is parked on one side of the road. It seems to have been waiting for a while.

By the car stands a charming-looking woman. She waves warmly at K and his guests.

???: Oh, over here!

Angelia: That's one of your so-called new friends?

K: I'm sure you'll get along just fine.

???: It's been a while, Herr Schwaben.

???: Thank you for your work in Paldiski.

K: Just doing my job.

K: Here, introductions are in order. This is Angelia.

???: Oh hello, Frau Angelia! Fancy some candy?

The woman fishes out a packet of candy from her handbag and passes one to Ange.

Ange accepts the candy but seems to have no intention of eating it.

Morridow: I am Morridow Voigt, Chairwoman Ulrich's secretary.

Morridow: Just call me Morridow.

Angelia: ...Ulrich?

Angelia: THE Ulrich in Belgrade?

K: Yes, the very same.

Angelia: What has this got to do with her?

K: To put it simply, her assistance was indispensable in getting you here.

K: Before we bring you to the safe house, you have to meet her.

K: It is her request.

Morridow: Precisely. Please get in, Frau Ange.

Morridow: No need to be afraid, it will be just a simple meeting!

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Your car doesn't look big enough for all of us.

Morridow: Herr K will escort all your Dolls to the safe house first.

Morridow: The Chairwoman only has business with you.

Angelia: I see.

Angelia: Renate, go with Erwin and Antje.

Angelia: Lucia, get in the car.

Morridow: Huh? The Chairwoman would only like to...

AK-12: I'm coming, end of story. Let's be friends, Miss Morridow.

Morridow: ...I understand.

Morridow: Then if you'd please.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Bremen City Hall, Germany.

The black sedan slowly comes to a stop at a reserved parking spot. The woman dressed as a secretary gets out first and hurries to open the door for her passengers in the back seat.

But before she can do that, they have already disembarked on their own.

Angelia: ...

AK-12: Have you had dealings with this Chairwoman Ulrich before?

Angelia: No, I've never even met her.

Angelia: But I've heard about what she did in Belgrade.

Angelia: Including the things she went through with the Commander.

AK-12: Do you think she can be trusted?

Angelia: I will reserve my judgment. But we have free rein here only because she's given us the green light.

Angelia: I really can't draw any conclusions until I actually meet her.

AK-12: I see~

Morridow: Frau Ange, this way please!

AK-12: How attentive of you, Miss Secretary. It must be tough doing this kind of work.

Morridow: Not at all... I love my work.

Morridow: I have always aspired to serve Frau Ulrich and contribute to her cause, no matter how insignificant my contribution may be.

Morridow: I firmly believe that her ideology will guide mankind onto the right path as we struggle to survive in this hostile world.

Morridow: I am happy to tend to the frivolities behind the scenes, and I freely admit that I'm merely parroting her views.

Angelia: Sounds like you have a lot of respect for your employer.

Morridow: My employer is my country; Frau Ulrich is simply my superior.

Morridow: Still, I feel extremely lucky to be given the opportunity to work under her. She is truly deserving of respect.

AK-12: How surprising.

AK-12: I've been working with Angelia for such a long time I've almost forgotten there are actually good people in the world.

Angelia: Watch your tongue while we're in there.

Angelia: I don't want to get kicked out before we can even start doing our job.

...

Knock knock.

Morridow: Frau Ulrich, it's me.

Morridow: Frau Angelia is here.

Ulrich: Please come in.

...

Ulrich: ...Frau Angelia, it's a pleasure.

Angelia: Hello, just call me Ange.

Ulrich: And this must be AK-12.

Ulrich: I have heard much about you. You are considered quite the exceptional paragon even among Tactical Dolls.

AK-12: Hahahaha, you are incredibly forthright.

AK-12: But you might want to call me Lucia for now.

Ulrich: Lucia?

Angelia: That's her alias while we're operating in Germany.

Ulrich: I see. So the Wolf Pack is also here.

Morridow: A-Apologies, Frau Ulrich...

Morridow: I did say Frau Ange was the only one you wanted to see...

Ulrich: No need to apologize. Frau Ange is in a very precarious situation; her caution is totally understandable.

Ulrich: Not to mention I am a complete stranger.

Angelia: Thank you for your understanding and support.

Ulrich: It is simply a mutually-beneficial arrangement, Frau Ange.

Ulrich: We also have much to gain from your operation.

Ulrich: We have every reason to see to your success.

Angelia: So what do you want with me?

Angelia: Frankly speaking, I sneaked into Bremen through border security as a legitimate refugee.

Angelia: I'm in no state to be talking to you in a place like this.

Angelia: I don't mind making this trip, but I claim no responsibility for soiling your pristine office.

Ulrich: Please forgive me. I understand you are unhappy that you've been brought here against your wishes.

Ulrich: I should have gone and welcomed you in person.

Ulrich: However, I'm afraid I am not currently in the position to do that.

Ulrich: As you surely know, right now this office is being watched very closely.

Angelia: ...Because of what happened at the submarine base.

Ulrich: As a key participant of that operation, I believe your superior must have sent you here to share some information with us?

Angelia: Unfortunately, I no longer have a superior.

Ulrich: Which is why you're the one standing in my office and not anyone else.

Angelia: You should know that I don't give away intelligence for free.

Angelia: There is also something I want. This collaboration can only proceed if I get something of equal value in return.

Ulrich: That's alright, I did not expect you to divulge anything today.

Ulrich: I simply wanted to have a chat with you in person out of common courtesy.

Angelia: You have achieved your goal even if we talk about nothing. You just needed me to sit here for several minutes.

Ulrich: After all, a lot of eyes are on you.

Ulrich: I ask for your understanding. Think of it as a politician's customary tactic.

Angelia: I only agreed to come because the Commander thinks pretty highly of you.

Angelia: If you truly live up to your reputation, then surely you cannot abide by William's crimes?

Ulrich: Naturally.

Angelia: Alright, I hope you'll prove that through your actions.

Ulrich: I will give you whatever assistance I am in the position to give.

Angelia: In exchange, I will provide you with intelligence once my objective is completed.

Ulrich: Wonderful.

Ulrich: But even if you didn't, I would still help you.

Angelia: Why?

Ulrich: There are far too few kind-hearted people in the world.

Ulrich: No matter how hard you try to feign indifference, you cannot really hide your true nature.

Ulrich: You and the commander that saved me both strike me as the rare sort of people who still possess kindness.

Ulrich: It is my belief that the world will be a better place with more people like you.

Ulrich: Our mission isn't to catch one or two bad guys, but to change this evil-infested world and remake the rules that govern it.

Angelia: "A shining beacon in a brave new world"...eh?

Angelia: But I must warn you—it does take power to change the world, but power that's beyond your control will eventually be your demise.

Angelia: I hope you will not repeat my country's mistake.

Ulrich: I will remember your counsel.

Angelia: Now I can see why you were sent to Belgrade.

Ulrich: I'm flattered.

Ulrich: Morridow, escort Frau Ange to her residence.

Morridow: Uh... Right! Understood!

Ulrich: Oh... One more thing.

Knock knock.

Ulrich: Come in, please.

???: ...Ma'am.

A man of imposing stature enters the office.

???: Anything I can do for you, Madam Chairwoman?

Ulrich: Angelia, Herr Hopps will be in charge of your safety during your time in Bremen.

Angelia: I won't run away.

Ulrich: This really is just for the sake of your personal safety.

AK-12: Hahahaha, you Germans have such a great sense of humor!

Hopps: ...I am Hopps, Protection Officer.

Ulrich: Hopps is a retired GSG 9 officer and has been working for me for almost a year.

Ulrich: He has seen real combat and is very dependable; you can count on him.

Ulrich: In terms of performance in combat, he obviously can't compare with your Dolls.

Ulrich: But it's better to let a human handle things in the city.

Ulrich: Also, feel free to entrust Morridow with other errands.

Ulrich: I know it is rather difficult for you to navigate our city, where everything is new and unfamiliar.

Morridow: At your service!

Ulrich: She knows the city very well and will be able to help you in all kinds of matters.

AK-12: She does sound pretty useful, Ange.

Angelia: Alright.

Ulrich: In that case, I wish you a happy and fruitful time in Bremen.

Angelia: Thanks.

Angelia: And please bear with us if we cause any trouble.

Ulrich: ...I'll keep that in mind.

...

Morridow: Frau Ange, allow me to escort you to the safe house.

Morridow: Herr Hopps, are you coming with us?

Hopps: ...My mission is to ensure Frau Ange's personal safety while she is out and about in Bremen.

Hopps: At the same time, I have been asked to keep out of her way in day-to-day life.

Angelia: How very thoughtful of the chairwoman... So are you coming or not?

Hopps: If you'll allow me to accompany you.

Angelia: Lucia, get in the car.

...

A few minutes later, at the temporary outpost prepared by Ulrich.

Morridow: It's a bit messy, but it is definitely secure.

Morridow: Hopps and I will be waiting outside. Please call us if you need anything.

With that, Morridow leaves the briefing room and closes the door behind her.

AN-94: Ange.

Angelia: Hm...

Angelia: Where's K?

AN-94: Mr. K left shortly after he had brought us here.

AN-94: He seemed to have other important matters to attend to.

AK-15: ...How did the discussion go?

Angelia: There wasn't really much of a discussion.

Angelia: This is only day one; we'll be here for a long time.

AK-12: I do hope it will go smoothly.

AK-12: Unfortunately, from what I can tell, some things are beyond even the chairwoman's control.

Angelia: Ulrich isn't the chancellor of Germany. Just be happy that she genuinely wants to help.

Angelia: According to my sources, quite a lot of people have opposing views even in Bremen alone.

Angelia: Governments are never as cohesive as they make themselves out to be.

AK-12: People are the same everywhere, eh?

Angelia: If pointless strife is reduced by even 10%, the world will become a paradise.

Angelia: In any case, we have more immediate things to worry about. Don't forget why we've come all this way to Germany.

AK-15: How should we proceed?

Angelia: Now that we have a way of navigating the city, we can focus on the operation.

Angelia: William... Havier's intelligence indicates that he is in Bremen, but that still leaves us with a lot of ground to search.

Angelia: This is a very cunning man. Evidence of his activities is detected only after he's long gone, and he always keeps his plans well-concealed.

RPK-16: But you've already got a plan?

Angelia: We don't have nearly enough clues to work with, but it's better than nothing.

Angelia: At least we can now be certain that we're at an important location, and this is where we will find that weasel.

RPK-16: Right... So we've got to drag the weasel out by his tail.

AK-12: That sounds very comedic coming from you.

AN-94: Should we start searching?

Angelia: No need to be hasty. We aren't the only ones who want a piece of the action.

Angelia: Right now, all we need to do is sit tight and wait.

Bremen, Germany.

Angelia's safe house.

Angelia: ...

AK-12: Wanna bet?

RPK-16: 20 minutes.

AN-94: What are you talking about?

AK-15: ...They're guessing how long Ange will stay like this.

AN-94: Huh...

AN-94: I'm surprised you can tell what's going on.

AK-15: This kind of nonsense is not uncommon with RPK.

RPK-16: It's not like we have anything to do.

RPK-16: Miss Ange has been like that for almost two hours.

RPK-16: She looks just like one of those somber Buddha statues in an old temple.

AK-12: It's understandable.

AK-12: We're in quite a bit of a pickle right now, after all.

AN-94: A pickle?

AK-15: ...

RPK-16: Look at you, 15, quietly blending back into the background when the subject grows complex.

RPK-16: You need to be more of a team player, you know.

AK-12: Thanks to our previous good deed of the day, the whole world now has their eyes on Griffin and Ange.

AK-12: Everyone wants to know what happened in "that base" and the truth behind "that tech".

AK-12: People of all kinds, nefarious or otherwise.

AK-12: I'm sure we're being watched very closely.

RPK-16: Even the Stasi, who has so kindly prepared such lovely accommodation for us.

RPK-16: Hell knows what they're really up to.

RPK-16: In any case, this Mr. K does not strike me as a good man.

AK-15: Indeed.

AK-12: So given our circumstances, careful planning is certainly required before we begin our operation.

AK-12: Going in blind without a clue will only land us in an even stickier situation.

RPK-16: Right now, Ange's every move is being watched. If she so much as buys an ice cream, a whole team of intelligence analysts will be there, looking for some kind of hidden significance.

RPK-16: Still, skulking in here and not doing a thing isn't a good idea either.

RPK-16: To our observers, our lack of action can also be perceived as a kind of action.

RPK-16: Who knows? This may actually make them even more uneasy.

AK-12: But let's come back to our task at hand.

AK-12: This is a really tough nut to crack.

AK-12: Going out to buy a bottle of water and running into a dozen agents spying on us.

AK-12: Having only ever watched people myself, I never thought I'd have the pleasure of being on the receiving end of this treatment.

RPK-16: "Abandon all hope,"

RPK-16: "Ye who enter here."

RPK-16: Or so they say.

AK-12: Stop quoting poems out of context.

AK-12: Come to think of it, how goes the "pest extermination"?

RPK-16: I removed twelve from the room and nine outside.

RPK-16: The signal transmission and audio pickup are top of the line—that's German engineering for you.

RPK-16: Maybe I should ask Mr. K to get me some more the next time I see him?

AN-94: It's supposed to be a safe house... I did not expect to find so many bugs.

AK-12: Which just goes to show that even those who look nice and friendly can be up to no good.

AK-12: So have you disabled them all?

RPK-16: I've combed the whole place from floor to ceiling, but who knows?

AK-12: It's not necessarily a bad thing even if you leave a bug or two.

AK-12: If there's anything you want, just inform our eavesdropping friends.

AK-12: They may have it delivered right away.

RPK-16: Hm, you have a point.

RPK-16: Uh, hello? You hear me?

RPK-16: Can I get a ham hock burger?

AK-12: But look at it another way.

AK-12: What we went through in Tallinn and Paldiski is our insurance and hole card.

AK-12: It is the reason why Ange is granted a travel pass that gives her free passage.

Angelia: ...You are exactly right.

RPK-16: Oh, the Buddha is awake.

Angelia: Besides, we've suffered great losses, and M4A1 is still MIA.

Angelia: The Griffin Commander also needs time to recover.

Angelia: We can't expect much help from them right now.

Angelia: Or from the Stasi.

Angelia: There is not a single person we can trust in this city.

AK-12: I admire how effortlessly you just swanned your way into the conversation.

AN-94: Not even Madam Ulrich?

Angelia: She may actually be genuine in her desire to help us.

Angelia: But her position makes it impossible for her act according to her own wishes.

AK-15: ...

Angelia: What is it?

AK-15: ...The satellite phone just buzzed.

RPK-16: Give it to me.

Angelia: What frequency?

RPK-16: 66.45.

AK-12: Is it Havier?

Angelia: That old fox wouldn't risk contacting us unless it's an emergency.

Angelia: What's this about?

RPK-16: Patience. Decrypting this isn't exactly easy.

RPK-16: Hm...

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Hoho... Interesting.

Angelia: Stop being cryptic, or I'll let AK-12 handle all communications from now on.

RPK-16: Haha, if she's up to the task, I'm happy to be relieved of this duty.

RPK-16: Now don't be mad; it's good news.

RPK-16: Has anyone heard of the Flora Institute?

AK-12: Sounds like a sweet factory.

Angelia: What's with this institute?

RPK-16: The Commander has discovered some crates that might have originated from Germany.

RPK-16: Havier's people cross-referenced them with reports from other locations, and the contents are very likely to be Epiphylla filled with Collapse Fluid radiation particles.

RPK-16: As contamination sources, these crates have already wiped out several human settlements in the Yellow Zone.

RPK-16: I believe these coordinates that Havier just sent us are where the crates were dispatched from.

Angelia: ...Epiphylla.

Angelia: Looks like our first clue has just presented itself.

AK-12: And I was just saying we didn't have one.

AK-12: Break time's over, 94.

AN-94: Understood.

Knock knock.

RPK-16: Oh, my burger is here.

RPK-16: Well, this trip isn't looking so bad after all.

Angelia: Stop fooling around. Disable the rest of the bugs and call Morridow.

Angelia: Time to start our investigation.
Part 2: Clown

2

Bremen, Germany.

Flora Botanical Research Institute.

Morridow: Guten Morgen, Frau Ange!

Morridow: You look very well-rested.

Angelia: Sorry for the wait.

Morridow: Not at all, don't worry about me. It is my job to serve you.

Morridow: Besides, I am very honored to be given the opportunity to learn from a woman as accomplished as you.

Morridow: Oh, and from you too, Herr Hopps! Thank you for your work.

Hopps: ...Just doing my job.

Angelia: He came to our place first thing in the morning.

Morridow: That's Chairwoman Ulrich's trusted bodyguard for you!

Morridow: Your personal safety is our top priority, Frau Ange.

Morridow: Are you satisfied with your journey to this place?

Angelia: It was alright, though it took Mr. Bodyguard a bit too long to shake off the car that was tailing us.

Angelia: So, this is it?

Morridow: That's right, this is the Flora Botanical Research Institute.

Morridow: It is home to the largest botanical garden in Bremen, with seasonal flowers in bloom all year round.

Morridow: If you're interested, I can give you a tour.

Angelia: ...Is that so?

Angelia: I appreciate the gesture, but maybe next time.

Morridow: Chairwoman Ulrich did say that your wish is my command.

Morridow: But I never thought you'd be interested in botanical research!

Morridow: Your sudden request for a visit really took me by surprise. Still, I do love flowers myself.

Angelia: This is quite massive for a research institute.

Morridow: Ja! The institute's research building is a famous landmark in Bremen.

Morridow: They also have a large field on the other side of the city where they cultivate species for the purpose of research.

Angelia: I see.

Morridow: Come to think of it...

Morridow: How come I don't see the Dolls that accompanied you to Bremen?

Morridow: Is it a good idea for you to travel alone?

Angelia: I'm just here for a visit; they'd just get in the way.

Angelia: Besides, you've given me a personal bodyguard, isn't that right?

Hopps: ...

Morridow: Absolutely!

Morridow: Herr Hopps is such a reassuring presence!

Morridow: It must be the beard!

Angelia: ...The beard?

Morridow: To tell you the truth, this is also the first time I've ever been here.

Morridow: What a beautiful greenhouse they have!

Angelia: Who will we be meeting?

Morridow: Uh, one second please. I believe we have an appointment with...

Morridow: Oh, there she is!

???: ...

Morridow: Allow me to introduce...

Morridow: Frau Leone, Senior Researcher at the Flora Botanical Research Institute.

Morridow: She specializes in research on herbaceous plants.

Leone: ...Hello.

Angelia: Hello, I'm Angelia.

Leone: I know.

Leone: You're investigators sent by the Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction, though I'm not sure what you're doing here.

Angelia: As the one in charge, you're a lot younger than I imagined.

Angelia: Such wonderful accomplishments for your age.

Leone: ...You flatter me.

Leone: I'm just a humble researcher caring for my flowers.

Morridow: We're sorry to bother you on a working day.

Morridow: I hope we're not interrupting anything important?

Leone: Don't worry about it.

Leone: Help yourselves.

Morridow: Huh? You're not going to show us around?

Leone: ...I work in this greenhouse. If you have any questions, just ask.

Leone: I'm sorry, but I'm a researcher, not a tour guide.

Leone: Everyone have things they're good at and things they're...not so good at.

Morridow: ...I understand.

Morridow: In...In that case, sorry to disturb you.

Angelia: We don't seem very welcome here.

Leone: You're mistaken. You are Frau Ulrich's guests.

Leone: The Bremen government has been very supportive of our research.

Leone: It is my duty to fulfil her requests.

Angelia: Then tell me more about yourself.

Angelia: What kind of research do you do here?

Leone: ...We mostly study the propagation and mutation of plants here at the Flora Institute.

Leone: In a world ravaged by mankind...

Leone: Plants are one of the few life forms that can resist radiation and survive.

Leone: We hope to find our "future" by studying them.

Morridow: Find our "future"?

Morridow: That doesn't sound like something a scientist would say. You didn't strike me as a hopeless romantic, Frau Leone.

Leone: Romantic?

Leone: I meant what I said literally; it was not a figure of speech.

Leone: Right now, mankind has no way of moving forward.

Leone: Yet plants have learned to live in harmony with despair long ago.

Leone: If we don't start learning from them, we may very well be sealing our fate.

Angelia: Our future lies in plants?

Angelia: What a peculiar idea.

Leone: Compared to humans, who never learn, plants that keep growing inconspicuously are much more reliable.

Angelia: So what have you learned from these flowers?

Leone: ...A great deal.

Leone: I've spoken more than I should.

Leone: Please take your time and have a look around.

Leone glances at her watch before heading to the other side of the greenhouse to check the thermometer.

Morridow: Seriously? She came out to receive us, but she won't give us a tour?

Morridow: Maybe Herr Hopps looks too intimidating?

Hopps: I disagree.

Morridow: S-Stop glaring at me.

Morridow: I was just kidding.

Angelia: Now that we're inside, the magnitude of their facility is even more apparent.

Angelia: They're investing so much money and resources just to study flowers.

Angelia: Is it worth it?

Morridow: I don't think that's very fair, Frau Ange.

Morridow: Under these times, everything we do must contribute to our survival.

Morridow: But it's not the same for flowers.

Morridow: Their fragrance and colors are only for embellishment; they aren't essential for the flowers' survival.

Morridow: Of course, one must be pragmatic to survive, but virtues are equally—if not more—important.

Morridow: What we can glean from flowers is hope.

Angelia: That's a beautiful speech, but you did not answer my question.

Morridow: J-Just sharing my thoughts!

Morridow: This institute operates on such a large scale because it led the country's research in developing the vaccine and medication for ELID.

Morridow: Their work has saved countless lives!

Morridow: Right, Frau Leone?

Leone: ...

Morridow: ...She's ignoring us altogether.

Angelia: It feels as if she's keeping her distance deliberately, don't you think?

Morridow: Now that you mention it, I'm getting the same feeling.

Morridow: You're right, she does seem to be giving us a wide berth.

Morridow: I knew it—she's unhappy that we're visiting out of the blue!

Angelia: I wish it were that simple.

Morridow: Um, I-I don't think Frau Leone is petty enough to be mad because of your little disagreement.

Angelia: That's not what I meant.

Angelia: It wasn't even a disagreement. I simply asked a couple of questions, but she didn't give any straight answers.

Ange takes in her surroundings.

Angelia: I mean...

Angelia: Other than us, this huge greenhouse is completely empty.

Angelia: Don't you think that's odd?

Morridow: Huh?

Hopps: ...It's too quiet.

Angelia: Ms. Leone, eh?

Leone: ...!

A few steps away, Leone grows tense at Ange's question.

Angelia: Where are the other researchers?

Angelia: Surely you can't be the only one working in such a large institute.

Leone: Since we're having uninvited guests... I've sent everyone else home.

Angelia: Uninvited guests, huh.

Angelia: What a barbed way of putting it.

Angelia: I didn't expect you to put the operation of your facility on hold for an entire day just because I'm here to visit. You're doing me too big a courtesy.

Leone: As I said, you are Chairwoman Ulrich's guests.

Angelia: Not too subtle, are you?

Whoosh.

Ange draws her pistol and aims it straight at Leone.

The latter flinches visibly. Off to the side, Hopps also reaches for his weapon out of reflex.

Morridow: Huh? What? H-Hold on a second? What are you doing?

Morridow: Frau Ange?!

Angelia: Tell me—where is everyone else?

Leone: ...

Leone's lips twitch, but she does not utter a word.

Beep—

The tension in the air is broken by the sudden ring of Ange's communicator.

Angelia: ...What is it? What have you found?

AN-94: Miss Ange, a large number of armed personnel is lying in ambush under the research facility.

AN-94: Please get out immediately. This is a trap.

Angelia: Got it.

Angelia: Wow, serving the main course straight away? Not even bothering with some warm-up?

Morridow: Wait... Huh? Ambush? A trap?

Morridow: What even? J-Just what is going on?!

Hopps has his firearm trained on Leone in the blink of an eye.

Hopps: Arms in the air!

Hopps: Get down on the floor!

Leone: Humph...

With two guns pointed at her, the agitated Leone suddenly lets out a sneer.

Leone: The ending...has been decided since the moment you came in.

Just then, Ange hears a series of soft and rapid clicks coming from above her head.

Then the entire space is filled with pale yellow pollen.

Morridow: What— P-Pollen?

Angelia: !

A pungent scent assaults Ange's nose, giving her no time to react.

The world spins around her and her surroundings distort into something else.

Angelia: ...What?

What is this place...

Angelia: How revolting...

Angelia: Giving me the whole spiel about plants being the hope for humanity then leading me straight into a trap.

In the ruins, a few stumbling ELIDs emerge from around the corner and shuffle towards Ange.

Angelia: I'm hallucinating... I've heard that certain pollens are hallucinogenic.

Angelia: But I didn't expect the effect to be so potent... Maybe it's been processed?

None of this is real. Ange knows that very well.

Angelia: Hallucinations... I know I'm just seeing things, but still.

Still...

She looks at the shambling ELIDs and takes a deep breath.

Angelia: Don't blame me no matter what I hit.

She places her finger on the trigger and takes aim at the "ELIDs".

—!

Just as she is about to pull the trigger...

A strong force dislodges the pistol from her hand.

Soon after that...

Her consciousness dissolves in chaos.
Part 3: Flower View

3

Bremen, Germany.

The Flora Institute's subsidiary flower plantation.

RPK-16: It smells really nice here.

AK-12: Never thought I'd ever have the chance of partnering with you.

RPK-16: Interacting with humans isn't exactly 15 and 94's forte.

RPK-16: Friendly and communicative Dolls like us are more suited to this mission.

AK-12: I'm friendly and communicative enough to handle this alone.

AK-12: You don't even have a pistol with you. What good will you be if things get out of hand?

RPK-16: We aren't authorized to fire on this mission anyway. Since my weapon is such a pain to lug around, I left it with 15.

RPK-16: With a senior veteran as dependable as you, I'm sure it won't be a problem even if I'm unarmed.

AK-12: Since when am I your senior?

AK-12: You didn't leave the factory that much later than me.

RPK-16: You've always been a well-respected team leader. 15 is always talking about you.

RPK-16: Sounds like you had a lot of fun when the three of you were training together. I'm jealous.

AK-12: 15 talking about me? Impossible.

AK-12: Actually, she doesn't talk, period.

AK-12: How do you know about our training days?

RPK-16: How indeed?

RPK-16: Maybe I nagged 15 enough that she spilled. Maybe 15 and I are closer than you think.

RPK-16: Or maybe, 15 didn't actually say anything, and I'm just talking out of my ass.

AK-12: How about you wipe that infuriating smirk off your face?

AK-12: It looks positively repulsive.

RPK-16: Heh... That's really mean. And here I thought I was being nice and approachable.

RPK-16: Do you really hate me so much?

AK-12: I wouldn't go that far.

AK-12: But since you've adopted this persona...

AK-12: Surely you're aware that people won't find it easy to trust you?

RPK-16: What exactly do you mean by that?

RPK-16: I honestly never thought there was anything wrong with my ways.

RPK-16: Would an aphid munching on a flower think they're doing something wrong?

AK-12: Then let me give it to you straight.

AK-12: You reek of danger.

AK-12: There may be some that actually find you friendly and easy-going.

AK-12: But to me, you might as well be a deadly nightshade.

RPK-16: Oh, is it just my imagination?

RPK-16: Or have you also gotten in the habit of using figures of speech?

RPK-16: I love this kind of human rhetoric.

RPK-16: Describing one thing as something that it clearly isn't, in order to lead the mind to compare them.

RPK-16: Almost as if to test my understanding of the world.

AK-12: It was just a momentary urge.

AK-12: Besides, my metaphors are much better than yours.

RPK-16: I see someone, dear senior.

RPK-16: Enough idle chit-chat.

RPK-16: Let's go up and greet them.

Floriculturist: Mm?

Floriculturist: Oh my... What lovely beauties.

RPK-16: Haha, stop pulling our legs.

RPK-16: People may mistake you for a lecherous Italian if you say that to women you've never met.

Floriculturist: Oh, sorry.

Floriculturist: It's just we rarely ever have female visitors here.

Floriculturist: What brings you to the plantation, if I may ask?

AK-12: We're just here on a simple visit.

AK-12: Beautiful flowers go well with beautiful women, don't they?

AK-12: It's all thanks to the hard work of you people.

Floriculturist: I-I see...

Floriculturist: Did she just call herself beautiful...?

RPK-16: Never thought someone would call herself beautiful. I suppose that's just like you.

AK-12: Does anyone disagree with that fact?

Floriculturist: C-Certainly not!

Floriculturist: She called it a fact!

RPK-16: I hear that all the flower plantations in this area operate under the Flora Institute?

RPK-16: How truly impressive. I'm in awe at the sheer scale.

Floriculturist: But of course! Not trying to brag, but you won't find another flower plantation as big as ours in the entire country!

AK-12: Does the Flora Institute really need all these flowers?

Floriculturist: Haha, they certainly can't take them all at once.

Floriculturist: But they do buy up 50 to 60% of everything we grow here.

RPK-16: 50-60%... That's still quite a staggering figure.

RPK-16: What do they need the flowers for?

Floriculturist: That's not something for us to know.

Floriculturist: They could be cooking and eating them for all we care! It's none of our business anyway.

RPK-16: You don't seem at all attached to your hard-earned produce.

AK-12: What about the rest? Do you just throw them away?

Floriculturist: That would be a waste!

Floriculturist: We sell them. People like florists and wedding organizers also need fresh flowers.

Floriculturist: Our plantations do technically belong to the Flora Institute.

Floriculturist: But since we're just one of their subcontractors, as long as we meet their demand, we can handle the remaining crops at our own discretion.

AK-12 & RPK-16: ...

The two Dolls exchange a glance.

AK-12: So basically...

???: Hey.

Floriculturist: Oh... M-Mr. Supervisor!

Supervisor?: Why are you slacking over here, old man...?

Supervisor?: I thought I was the only one who have the right to slack here.

Supervisor?: I'm not to blame if you don't have a decent harvest... Oh? Did you kidnap these pretty ladies to be your flower girls?

RPK-16: He is even more of a talker than you, Lucia.

RPK-16: Mind if I widen his mouth, possibly in pain?

AK-12: Be my guest.

Supervisor: Haha, it is my pleasure to have a beautiful lady caress my lips.

RPK-16: Wow... That's so icky you manage to gross me out. Impressive.

AK-12: So you're their superior?

Supervisor: That's right, I'm their superior.

Supervisor: ...Am I not?

Floriculturist: Uh... Well...

Floriculturist: Of...of course you are!

Floriculturist: You're the supervisor sent by the institute to oversee us.

Supervisor: You hear that?

Supervisor: He says I'm his supervisor.

AK-12: He doesn't seem to be the sharpest tool in the shed.

Supervisor: I've been watching you for a while now.

Supervisor: You've been asking all sorts of questions.

Supervisor: You're not corporate spies, are you?

Floriculturist: Huh? You're spies?!

RPK-16: You've been watching us?

RPK-16: That sounds like something a creep would say.

AK-12: If you weren't up to no good, why didn't you just come and strike up a proper conversation?

RPK-16: The way you were sneaking about, it seems to me you're very anxious to find out what questions we're asking.

RPK-16: Maybe you're the corporate spy?

Supervisor: ...Huh? Me?

Supervisor: Don't be silly, hahahaha...

AK-12: You seem to know a lot of things that we don't.

AK-12: Would you mind having a little chat with us pretty ladies?

RPK-16: We really are curious.

RPK-16: After all, this kind sir here has mentioned something very intriguing.

RPK-16: Surely a gentleman like you won't refuse our invitation?

Floriculturist: I-I really didn't tell them anything!

Floriculturist: Um, I need to get back to work!

Sensing the odd atmosphere, the floriculturist scurries away.

AK-12: You got left behind.

Supervisor: Hey, wait!

Supervisor: Damn heartless guy. I thought we were bros!

RPK-16: Drop the act, Mr. Supervisor.

RPK-16: You don't actually know the floriculturists here all that well, do you?

RPK-16: From the awkwardness between you, it's obvious that you barely know your "bro".

Supervisor: ...Uh.

AK-12: Well, Mr. Supervisor?

AK-12: Mind telling us what you know?

Supervisor: Oh boy... Can't be helped then.

Supervisor: In that case, please follow me.

Supervisor: Here we are... Please head inside.

AK-12: ...Hm?

RPK-16: Oops.

Once the two Dolls have entered the building, the door slams shut behind them.

Supervisor: I did try to warn you.

Supervisor: This isn't somewhere two pretty ladies should be wandering around.

AK-12: Crap. We've been had.

RPK-16: Dear me, it turned out to be a trap.

In the face of a room filled with fully-armed soldiers, the two Dolls grin in unison.
Part 4: Gathering Frost Wolves

4

Bremen, Germany.

Flora Botanical Research Institute.

At the back entrance.

AK-15: I've masked us from the surveillance system.

AN-94: What's the security status?

AK-15: All clear.

AN-94: Understood.

AN-94: Restate our objective.

AK-15: Ange will distract the staff out front.

AK-15: Meanwhile, we will infiltrate the facility and search for clues and evidence of any floral experiments.

AK-15: We are also to investigate William's connection with this institute.

AN-94: ...I will be in charge of the mission. Is that okay with you?

AK-15: I have no objections.

AN-94: Actually...

AN-94: If you have a problem with that, we can switch roles.

AK-15: Only one brain is necessary for the mission.

AK-15: It has already been decided that you will take charge.

AK-15: I do not question that decision.

AN-94: I don't understand why Ange has put me in charge...

AN-94: You have more field experience than me.

AK-15: Experience and leadership are different.

AK-15: You are more skilled in command.

AK-15: Past training records have concluded that I am not effective in making tactical decisions. Deferring to your judgment is more efficient.

AN-94: You've changed a lot.

AK-15: I have not changed. I still dislike convoluted strategies.

AK-15: You and RPK are both capable of completing objectives in an efficient manner, which I approve.

AK-15: But 12 is different. As long as AK-12 is not in command, I have no complaints.

AN-94: 12 always has her reasons.

AK-15: Which she never bothers to tell us.

AK-15: My dissatisfaction with her stems from her tendency of getting sidetracked by other irrelevant objectives and making our mission unnecessarily challenging.

AN-94: But those objectives often end up helping a lot of people.

AK-15: Her gratuitous compassion could result in the failure of our missions.

AK-15: She may have weighed the odds, but she never justifies her reasons to me.

AK-15: Unlike you, I cannot give her my unconditional trust.

AN-94: Ahem. Will you be alright with just a pistol?

AK-15: No problem. Light firearms are better suited for infiltrations.

AK-15: Besides, my own rifle is right here in the case.

AN-94: Right. I will provide fire support when needed.

AK-15: Please.

AN-94: Ange is entering the greenhouse.

AK-15: What are our engagement protocols?

AN-94: Secrecy is paramount. No explosives at any cost.

AN-94: Also try to avoid opening fire if at all possible.

AK-15: Roger that.

AK-15 tugs at her tactical gloves and presses herself against the wall.

The two Dolls are breaking into the building through an emergency exit.

There are four such exits altogether at the Flora laboratories.

AN-94 has chosen this particular one because she believes it is the safest option.

AK-15: There's a safety lock.

AN-94: Can you break it?

AK-15: Yes.

AK-15 wraps her hand around the lock and tears it right off.

Clang!

The sound of metal rupturing is short and sharp.

AN-94: Go.

AN-94: Hush.

On their way in, AN-94 gestures for AK-15 to stop.

AK-15: ...What is it?

AN-94: According to Ange's topographic map, we'll soon be entering the restricted area.

AN-94: There will be researchers and security staff.

AN-94: Scan for life forms.

AK-15: I have, but I'm not detecting anyone.

AN-94: The scanner isn't picking up anyone?

AN-94: But the map shows that the working area is right there.

AK-15: I'm not seeing any life signs at all, not even plants.

AN-94: Let's get inside and have a look.

AN-94: Can you see any entrances?

AN-94: Try not to let any security cameras capture you.

AK-15: Hold on.

AN-94: What's wrong?

AK-15: This wall is way too thin.

AK-15 walks over to the corner.

Her eyes glow red as she scans the space. Then she activates a mechanism hidden at a desk.

Clatter...

AN-94: ...A hidden door?

AK-15: Should we go in?

AN-94: Yes.

AN-94: Stay vigilant and watch your surroundings.

AK-15: Understood.

AN-94: There is such a large subterranean structure.

AN-94: I didn't notice it at all.

AK-15: You would've spotted it if you had my eyes.

AK-15: Even without them, it would only be a matter of time for you to discover this place with your experience.

AN-94: ...Am I imagining things?

AN-94: You seem a bit too eager with your encouragement.

AK-15: I never encourage others. Encouragement itself is pointless.

AK-15: I am merely stating facts. You are an excellent operative, AN-94.

AK-15: And we will accomplish our mission. That's all there is to it.

AN-94: ...You're too kind, but you really don't have to baby me.

AN-94: I'm not the way I used to be.

AN-94: Wait... Look, over there.

Perhaps in an attempt to change the subject, AN-94 suddenly directs her attention to what lies ahead.

In the center of the room is a large amount of something very familiar to them.

AK-15: ...Epiphylla.

AN-94: In vast quantities.

AN-94: Where's the radiation detector?

AK-15: Scanning for radioactivity.

AK-15: These flowers contain a high concentration of radioactive particles.

AN-94: So Ange was right...

AK-15: And the containers.

AK-15: Looks like these flowers are about to be packed and transported.

AN-94: The flowers the Commander has discovered must have originated from here.

AK-15: What do we do?

AN-94: Don't alert them just yet.

AN-94: Let me report this to Ange.

AK-15: Right.

AK-15 takes several steps forward, ready to investigate further.

AN-94: Stop.

AK-15: What is it?

AN-94: Hush.

AN-94 gestures for her to keep quiet. Then she creeps carefully up to the corner and stoops.

AN-94: Someone's there.

AK-15: ...

AK-15 clams up and makes her way rapidly to another spot for better observation.

AK-15: There are a lot of them, and they're all armed.

AK-15: But they show no signs of having noticed us.

AN-94: They probably did not expect anyone to venture so deep into the facility.

AN-94: Stay hidden...and avoid a direct confrontation for now.

AK-15: I believe that would be difficult.

AN-94: Hm?

AK-15: Even for a restricted facility, they are a bit too well-armed.

AK-15: They look more like a quick reaction force lying in ambush than regular security staff to me.

AN-94: Ambush?

The realization strikes AN-94 immediately.

AN-94: I see...

AN-94: They're here for Ange.

AK-15: Looks like Ange was correct.

AK-15: However, her visit was arranged at very short notice.

AK-15: If Ange really is the target of this ambush, then they've been extremely quick.

AN-94: This is the only possible explanation at the moment.

AN-94: Even if I'm wrong, we must still inform Ange ASAP.

AK-15: Understood. I'll cover you.

AK-15 crouches down and takes her assault rifle out of the case.

Click.

At the same time, AN-94 gets in touch with Ange.

Angelia: ...What is it? What have you found?

AN-94: Miss Ange, a large number of armed personnel is lying in ambush under the research facility.

AN-94: Please get out immediately. This is a trap.

Angelia: ...Got it.

Click.

Ange hangs up.

AK-15: 94.

AN-94: Hm?

AK-15: They're on the move.

AN-94: ...Ange won't make it in time.

AK-15: What should we do?

AK-15: The human bodyguard can't handle this many enemies.

AK-15: We have to go to Ange's rescue.

Bang bang!

A series of gunshots erupt to the side almost instantaneously.

AN-94: There are even more of them!

Bang!

Several bullets come whizzing towards their cover from the other end of the room.

From their assaulters' angry shouts, it is obvious that they have spotted the two uninvited guests.

AK-15: What now?

AK-15: Do we return fire or retreat?

AK-15: Decide.

AN-94 does not have to make decisions very often. She has never been particularly good at it.

What would AK-12 do in this situation? What does AK-15 want her decision to be?

AN-94: What do you suggest?

AK-15: You're the one in charge.

AK-15: I defer to your judgment.

AN-94: Alright... New objective.

Clack.

AN-94 pauses briefly and pulls the bolt on her rifle.

AN-94: Exterminate all enemy units.

AN-94: Then we rescue Ange.

AK-15: Roger that.
Part 5: Light Show

5

Bremen, Germany.

City Hall.

Knock knock.

Ulrich: Come in.

K: ...

Ulrich: Welcome... Do I still need to call you K?

Ulrich: Or should it be Herr Schwaben?

K: Call me whatever you want.

K: Why have you sent for me?

Ulrich: Asking questions like that only serves to lower my opinion of you, Kain.

Ulrich: Of course, if you truly do not know, then please close the door.

K: You're as sharp as ever, even though I've only just returned.

Ulrich: I'm very glad to see that you've made it back alive.

Ulrich: However, the wheels keep turning, and there's no time for us to catch our breath.

Ulrich: I've wasted enough time on mere pleasantries.

K: Your job is to be the kindly face.

K: But was everything you told Ange also mere pleasantries?

Ulrich: ...Not all of it.

Ulrich: Those Soviets saved my life, and my gratitude to her and her friends is sincere. I also believe that we wish for the same thing.

Ulrich: However, the fact that we're on different sides means that on the surface, at least, we cannot be truly frank and earnest with each other.

K: I'm sure she feels the same way.

K: However, there's a reason the Prometheans sent her over.

K: There'll definitely be a chance for us to work with Ange.

K: We've all seen her abilities, and she wants to solve the same problems that we do.

K: Also, she brought those two very useful Dolls with her.

K: Perhaps I'll be able to collect more data on them. After all, that fox was clearly hiding things from us last time.

Ulrich: But considering the problems she's facing, even the protection of the Wolf Pack is only delaying the inevitable.

Ulrich: The information Angelia possesses is enough to draw the world's attention.

Ulrich: It's not only us. "They" are also watching, ready to strike.

K: So the centipede keeps writhing, even when it's dead...

K: I guess this is their last stand.

Ulrich: Pathetic wretches.

Ulrich: They actually believe that they can use "Relics" to turn the tide.

Ulrich: Are the examples set by those politicians being arrested in Moscow not able to sway those numbskulls?

K: Idiots are often overly confident in themselves.

K: I will not let them touch Ange.

Ulrich: Very good. That is also your responsibility.

Ulrich: But don't underestimate the opposition. They still have enough backing to put up a fight right now.

Ulrich: You can glimpse their hand at work in the refugee situation.

Ulrich: ...What foolish chauvinists.

K: My people have been following the matter for a long time.

K: We'll get to the bottom of this.

Ulrich: It's not enough to get to the bottom of it, K.

Ulrich: We need to rip them up by the roots... But that is another matter.

Ulrich: I asked for you today because of...

K: The information Ange possesses?

Ulrich: Nobody knows what she found in William's lab besides her.

Ulrich: Not even you—who was present at the time—had the chance to come into contact with it.

Ulrich: The Prometheans aren't going to just hand over something that important.

Ulrich: Also, it's more reassuring to have certain things in your own hands.

K: I understand... Though there's one thing that intrigues me.

K: Ange and that Griffin Commander are on the same side. A civilian company is easier to handle than the Prometheans.

K: Have you considered taking advantage of that?

Ulrich: I can't, Kain.

Ulrich: That much is obvious.

Ulrich: I'm not an ungrateful person.

Ulrich: If I used Griffin as a bargaining chip, then I would definitely lose Ange's trust.

Ulrich: Personally, I quite like Angelia. Both she and the Commander are brave and upright people, and I am glad to call them my friends.

Ulrich: However, we can't always be on the same side due to national interests.

Ulrich: Right now, her trump card is that information from William's lab, which she won't divulge so easily for obvious reasons.

Ulrich: Fortunately, we've booked ourselves the best seats in the house.

Ulrich: Protect her, gain her trust, and the rest will surely follow.

K: Of course, I understand. However...

K: I believe that's not all you want to say?

K: If that was it, there'd be no need for you to summon me here.

Ulrich: ...

Ulrich: ...Yes. Frankly speaking, you are one of the few people in Bremen I can trust.

Ulrich: There are some personal things which I can only share with you.

K: To be honest, having that much trust placed in me is a little unsettling.

Ulrich: As the "Chairwoman", every word I just said was sincere.

Ulrich: We need Relic technology. Even if we don't use it ourselves, we need to have it in our hands for the sake of the Volk.

Ulrich: But as "Ulrich"...

Ulrich: Even if Angelia makes up her mind and refuses to leak any information...

Ulrich: I still do not want to see her harmed or threatened.

Ulrich: There are some matters over which I do not have full control.

Ulrich: There is still a lot of noise within the government, and it will take time for Rossartrism to be accepted.

Ulrich: Do you understand what I'm getting at, K?

K: So there are still many ruthless people out there...

Ulrich: And some of them are my superiors.

K: Well, this is quite the personal request. Still, you could have made it part of official business.

K: Regardless, I know how to proceed with the mission.

K: It's just...

Ulrich: Yes...?

K: It's just a bit surprising that you're being so honest, given that you're a politician.

K: Leaving me aside, if you told anyone else about this and they had it on tape...

K: Well, I imagine that would be the end of your career.

Ulrich: I know the risks I'm taking.

Ulrich: But I feel that I need to tell you what I really think.

K: Why is that? Why do you care so much about her?

Ulrich: Our ultimate goal is to become the shining beacon in a brave new world, K.

Ulrich: I often think back to those days in Belgrade.

Ulrich: This world needs people like Angelia. She doesn't just represent herself, but those who are like her as well.

Ulrich: She might be a Soviet, but the world has the impetus to forge ahead because of people like her as well as the Commander who saved me.

Ulrich: Only humans can improve humanity.

Ulrich: If you ask me, that spirit is far more valuable than Relic Technology.

K: I understand.

Ulrich: Thank you.

K: You're welcome. Frankly speaking, that is my intention as well.

K: But there's one more thing I'd like to ask you about.

Ulrich: "Paradeus"?

K: Yes... In other words, the reason why Ange has paid us this visit.

Ulrich: We know very little about them.

Ulrich: And I can't spare the manpower to dig into it. All we can do is take the minimum necessary measures to protect ourselves against them.

K: Our agency believes they have already infiltrated our government.

Ulrich: If that's true, it would explain the foolish actions taken by "them".

Ulrich: After all, it would be very hard for someone who was not a spy to do such things.

Ulrich: Ange will take care of them for us. All you need to do is work with her.

K: Very well. I'll take care of it.

Ulrich: Who's in charge of the operation?

K: It's "J".

Ulrich: ...

K: ...Don't look at me like that.

K: He's the best man for the job.

Ulrich: ...Let's leave that aside for now.

Ulrich: You may go.

Ulrich: Remember, don't give your trust easily.

Ulrich: Even the people close to you might be spies for "them".

K: And what about the people you assigned to Ange?

Ulrich: They...

Click—

K: Ah... Sorry.

Ulrich: It's alright, go ahead and take it.

K: Of course.

K: ...

K: ...What?

K: ...

K: Wait a minute, don't hang up, explain—!

Click.

Ulrich: Was it J?

K: ...Excuse me, ma'am. I have to leave now.

K: Angelia's been attacked.

Ulrich: ...

Ulrich: Go.

Ulrich: And make sure she's safe!

K: Understood!
Part 6: Hay Fever- End

    6chevron_right

Buzz...

The ringing in Ange's ears grows louder as she slowly regains consciousness. Then an intense pain akin to being stabbed by a thousand needles jolts her wide awake.

The sound of gunfire feels very distant. For a brief second, she thinks she is still hallucinating.

Angelia: ...Urk.

AK-12: Don't throw up on me, Ange.

AK-12: I like my outfit.

Angelia: A...AK-12?

Angelia: Where am I...?

Supervisor: Oh, stay still, Miss Ange. The stuff is still in your system.

Supervisor: You're very weak right now.

Angelia: ...!

The face of a stranger suddenly enters Ange's field of vision. She reaches for her weapon out of reflex but finds her holster empty.

Supervisor: Whoa, hold your horses!

Supervisor: Chill, I'm one of the good guys!

Angelia: ...Seeing as AK-12 has refrained from breaking your neck, I'll give you a chance to introduce yourself.

She feels a warm wetness coming down her nose. She wipes it away roughly and several drops of blood splatter on the ground.

Fighting to keep the dizziness at bay, she clenches her jaw and manages to squeeze that remark through her teeth.

Supervisor: You remember K?

Supervisor: I'm his colleague. You can call me J.

Supervisor: But don't worry, I'm not like him. As for what sets me apart...

Supervisor: Well, I can give you many examples, but I suppose the most obvious difference is in the face.

Angelia: The face?

J: Uh, what I mean is...

J: I'm obviously the more handsome one.

Angelia: ...

Ange's face remains completely deadpan.

J smiles sheepishly and passes her a handkerchief.

Ange ignores it and takes out a tissue from her pouch.

Angelia: ...The Stasi?

She tries to shake off the wooziness. That's when she realizes that besides AK-12, she's also surrounded by multiple armed guards.

AK-12: You were right on, Ange.

AK-12: These Stasi blokes have been investigating this place for a while. K has already arranged for them to assist us.

AK-12: You were incredibly lucky. When we arrived, you were just about to blow Miss Secretary's head open.

Morridow: M-My head?

Morridow: Really?!

Morridow starts frantically patting her own head in retrospective fear.

J: Did you just call me a "bloke"?

J: That didn't sound too nice.

J: I had only seen you in photos, but I feel like we've known each other for a lifetime!

Hopps: ...Gah.

Next to Ange, Morridow and Hopps aren't faring too well either. They seem to have woken up not long ago.

Morridow seems to be in especially rough shape. Compared to the strong and burly Hopps, her immune system is clearly much less robust—her face is white as a sheet.

Hopps, on the other hand, looks absolutely livid as he covers his nose with a hand.

J: Having a nosebleed?

Hopps: ...So what?

J: That checks out.

J: Do you have any idea what it was that you inhaled?

J: That yellow powder... Hm... I estimate that you three have less than two hours to live.

Hopps: What?!

J: Hahahaha, your faces were hilarious!

J: Relax. I was just kidding. You'll be fine after some rest.

Hopps: ...You call yourself an agent of the Stasi?

Hopps: What a joke.

Morridow: Y...You scared the living daylights out of me... I was about to start writing my last will!

Angelia: Looks like you've got the situation under control. Where's Leone?

AK-12: We didn't see anyone else other than the three of you.

AK-12: Also, you're not out of danger yet. The enemy forces that AN-94 reported are surrounding this place.

AK-12: Since you're in no state to move, evacuation is impossible.

Angelia: Help me up...

Angelia: What kind of enemy forces are we talking about?

AK-12: Just a ragtag group of thugs—nothing to worry about.

AK-12: They barely know how to use their weapons.

AK-12: We killed a few of them. Now they're all hovering outside, too afraid to come in.

J: They've probably realized that their plan was falling apart.

J: Yet they still refuse to give up. Other than Dolls, only those zealots would be so tenacious.

Angelia: ...Zealots?

J: Yep, as in fanatics.

J: The Flora Institute actually masks a cult where members have a maniacal obsession with plants and worship them.

J: They even believe that plants are more advanced life forms, whereas humans are mere fertilizers. Scary, isn't it?

Angelia: ...Paradeus?

J: So you've heard of Paradeus...

J: But no, unlike Paradeus, this is just a regular cult.

Angelia: They can't be just a "regular" cult. They've got to be related to Paradeus.

J: You think so?

J: But even if you're right, that's none of my business. Paradeus isn't my case.

J: Sheesh, you made me break cover and just like that, my mission is now in shambles.

J: I haven't even finished compiling the chain of evidence.

J: But seeing that Miss White Wolf here is such a stunning beauty, I'll let it slide.

AK-12: Can I break his fingers, Ange?

Boom!

Morridow: Eeeeeep!

Morridow: W-What's going on?

J: For someone in a weakened state, you're very loud...

AK-12: I told you, they're hardly any trouble.

AK-12: We'll just have to wait it out.

A commotion erupts outside the door and subsides just as abruptly.

Then...the door is slowly pushed open.

Stasi Agent: !

The Stasi agents raise their weapons simultaneously, but they are quite taken aback by the ones coming in.

AK-15: ...

AN-94: Sorry we're late.

AK-12: Not at all, 94. Your friend hasn't been slowing you down, has she?

AK-12: You're right on time.

Morridow: Uh... Ah!

Morridow: S-So you must be the other DEFY members...!

Morridow: You're just like the Valkyries!

Angelia: ...Well done, but it's not over yet.

Angelia: They're too well-armed for a mere cult.

Angelia: They've got to be storing more information and clues somewhere. Our job here isn't over until we find them.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: ...Where's RPK-16?

AK-12: Humph... That fox has a good nose on her.

Leone: No, this isn't right... Dammit! Where did it go wrong?!

In the underground research area, Leone is huddling inside her own office.

The plan was supposed to be perfect! We...We managed to obtain so many weapons! How did we get defeated?!

Leone: Why is the Stasi here?

Leone: Even our backup forces got wiped out... You can't be serious! Nobody told me we'd be going up against a bunch of monstrous Dolls!

Those silvery white figures haunt Leone's mind like nightmarish phantoms.

Normal humans are no match for the Tactical Dolls that Angelia has by her side.

Even though they were vastly outnumbered, those ruffians given weapons with no training must have been like mere children to them.

???: Monsters. Oh god, they're monsters.

???: They wear human faces, but the things they do are beyond human comprehension.

???: That's what you'd call monsters.

Leone: Who... Urk!

Leone does not notice the approaching figure until she hears an amused chuckle. Unnerved, she draws a pistol from her waist by reflex.

But in just an instant, her wrist is clenched by a hand strong as a vise, and what follows is excruciating pain.

Leone: Argh... Aaaaaaaaaargh!

Leone: M-My arm!

The pain causes Leone to loosen her grip and the pistol clatters on the floor.

That's when Leone gets a clear look at her assailant—billowy hair as pale as the Devil's bones.

RPK-16: Watch your feet.

The grinning Doll swipes with her left leg, knocking Leone heavily onto the ground.

Leone's broken right wrist still in her deadly clasp, the Doll pins the woman down with her knee.

RPK-16: I do apologize.

RPK-16: I'm not armed, so I'm afraid I have to be rough.

Leone: You...ugh...argh!

The severe pain has jolted Leone's mind into sharp focus.

Drops of sweat glisten on her forehead. She finds it hard to believe that the Doll has snuck up to her without her noticing.

RPK-16: Now, could you please tell me...

RPK-16: Where do you store your research material?

Leone: You...wish... I will never hand it over to you basta...

Snap.

Leone: Aaaaaargh!

RPK-16 breaks Leone's right index finger.

RPK-16: That's not what I want to hear, you know?

The girl wears a slight smile, but her grip on the latter's broken wrist is as tight as ever.

She coos amorously into Leone's ear like a lover.

Leone: (Coughs) You...

Leone: You damn mechanical...bitch...

RPK-16: Still strong enough to hurl insults, eh? You've got some spine for a simple office worker, I'll give you that.

Leone: I will not...submit...to low-life like you...!

RPK-16: You're absolutely right. I do seem to be wasting my breath.

Snap.

Leone: Gaaah!

Leone: No... Stop! Stop it, you Devil!

Leone pants frantically.

Despite having another of her fingers broken, her reaction is a lot less intense than before, as if she is getting acclimated to the pain.

RPK-16: I knew it—even you are afraid of death.

RPK-16: Though being turned into compost is perfectly in line with your ideology.

RPK-16: Isn't human life supposed to be totally worthless?

RPK-16: So why are you clinging onto it so desperately?

Leone: You...heartless monster!

Leone: What do you know?!

RPK-16: Yes, I'm a werewolf; I'm a Yeti; I'm Frankenstein's monster.

RPK-16: But what about you?

RPK-16: You're just a pathetic human.

Leone: Pathetic? What...gives you the right to humiliate me?

Leone: You think you can ridicule my belief just because you have me at your mercy?

Leone: You, a mere machine?!

RPK-16: Can't I?

RPK-16: You think of yourself as a martyr, yet you're no less a coward than anyone else in face of death.

RPK-16: You might try to justify your cowardice by claiming that you wish to do more to further your cause.

RPK-16: However, you have done nothing but dance on a string to someone else's tune this whole time.

RPK-16: To a spectator like me...

RPK-16: You're not even dancing the Kazachok; you're just clowning around.

Leone: Y-You're calling me a clown?

Leone: I-I will not abide by your insults...!

Leone: I will not let you...!

RPK-16: How pitiful... Other than such undignified howls, don't you have anything more effective to say in your defense?

RPK-16: I just don't understand. Is it really so hard for humans to admit their own mistakes?

RPK-16: A human who believes it's wrong for humankind to exist—what a bizarre paradox.

Leone: (Gasps)

Leone clenches her teeth. She is on the verge of passing out because of the pain.

Even she doesn't know how she can still muster the strength to make rebukes in her current state.

As she struggles to keep the pain at bay, the T-Doll's sinister voice once again comes whispering into her ear.

RPK-16: Has it really never occurred to you...

RPK-16: Just how laughable your actions have been?

Leone: ...What do you mean?

RPK-16: Your plan is way too shabby.

RPK-16: You may think that you still stand a good chance simply because you're now in possession of a force that's beyond your wildest imagination.

RPK-16: Those thugs were probably your wretched followers, but you certainly didn't conjure all those weapons out of thin air.

Leone: ...

Leone's breath grows steadier.

RPK-16 can tell that she is slowly coming to her senses, that her words are starting to sink in.

She continues to murmur into the human's ear.

RPK-16: Someone must have given you those weapons, am I right? It is pretty obvious that you and your friends aren't particularly good with guns.

RPK-16: Not to mention, I simply can't think of any good reason for you to kill Ange.

RPK-16: Which means...it wasn't your idea. You're acting on orders.

Leone: I'm being used. Is that what you're trying to say?

Leone's voice grows cold.

RPK-16: You don't sound surprised at all.

RPK-16: I suppose you expected as much.

Leone: I've known that all along.

Leone: I need resources for my research; they need my research.

Leone: We've both been using each other for our own ends from the very beginning. It's a mutually-beneficial relationship. Do you think I'd feel sorry for myself because of that?

She sneers triumphantly, believing that she has outsmarted RPK-16.

RPK-16: You have a point. You ARE an intelligent scientist.

RPK-16: You may not be a woman of the world, but you are not that gullible.

RPK-16: I suppose you have absolutely no problem with being sacrificed like a pawn?

Leone: ...Sacrificed?

RPK-16: A relationship is only "mutually-beneficial" when both parties acknowledge each other's value.

RPK-16: Unfortunately, you have chosen a terrible partner to begin with. You ask a tiger for its hide, and you end up getting toyed with like a rat.

RPK-16: Your role in this operation is a pawn to be sacrificed, nothing more. Do you still believe you're in control?

Leone: What is that supposed to mean?

RPK-16: Exactly that.

RPK-16: The one who gave you this task knew all along that you wouldn't succeed.

RPK-16: He pushed you into the fire and is clapping at the show on his own spectator's stand.

Leone: ...You're a lousy interrogator.

Leone: You think I'd buy your terrible lies?

RPK-16: Now I feel sorry for you. I'm surprised you still have any faith in them.

RPK-16: Do you honestly believe that the reason your plan is in shambles, that is, our involvement in this matter, is pure coincidence?

Leone: What are you getting at?

RPK-16: Ange's visit was a spontaneous decision, yet you were thoroughly prepared.

RPK-16: They're so well-informed, I'm starting to wonder if they've planted a mole...

RPK-16: But if Ange can't take a crap without them noticing, isn't it odd that they didn't take her T-Dolls' strength into consideration?

Leone: ...You Dolls look no different than humans.

RPK-16: You say that, but you're also starting to have your doubts, aren't you?

RPK-16: Hm, that's a good sign.

RPK-16: Now let me ask you another question. If you had really wanted to kill Ange...

RPK-16: Why would your partner give you nothing but weapons?

RPK-16: You might have been unaware of our strength, but surely your partner should've told you?

RPK-16: He knew none of your followers were trained professionals, yet he didn't lend you a single soldier. Stingy, isn't he?

Leone: ...

RPK-16 lets go of Leone's hand.

RPK-16: Do you understand now?

RPK-16: That's because weapons are cheap, while trained soldiers are very expensive.

RPK-16: Leaving that aside, you don't even seem to have what remotely looks like a backup plan.

RPK-16: Let me guess. Your partner didn't arrange for your escape, did he?

Leone: The weapons, the accurate information...

Leone: These were all nothing but a smokescreen?

RPK-16: As I said, a sacrificed pawn is all you are. That's the unmistakable truth.

RPK-16: He was just testing the waters to gauge our strength with your little stunt.

RPK-16: I'm sure he's very happy with the results.

RPK-16: He's probably also having a good laugh over how stupid you and your friends are.

RPK-16: Even so, do you still insist that what you did wasn't entirely pointless?

Leone: ...

Leone: ...I was tricked?

RPK-16: Would you like me to give you an answer?

Leone: I've always known this is how it would end...

Leone: I just didn't expect it to happen so soon.

RPK-16: You have my respect.

RPK-16: Only a moth would know how mesmerizing the flame is.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...You'll find what you want on the server. The physical key is behind the second drawer of the desk.

Leone: Look for it yourself.

RPK-16: Thank you.

RPK-16 slowly releases Leone and backs off a few paces to give her some room to collect herself.

Without even a glance at the scrambling human, she turns away and strolls towards the computer with one hand on the back of her neck.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Consecutive shots are fired and sparks fly off RPK-16's slender back.

When she turns around, she sees Leone pointing the revolver that was lying on the floor straight at her.

RPK-16: ...Why would you fire at a T-Doll in a bulletproof vest with a gun of that kind of caliber?

RPK-16: You know it wouldn't leave a scratch on me.

Bang!

RPK-16 tilts her head as a bullet brushes past her cheek, a glint of bright silver displacing the tip of her hair.

Leone: Why didn't you kill me?

RPK-16: My objective is to obtain those data.

RPK-16: You're the one who knows where they're stored.

Leone: But I've already given you the location.

RPK-16: I haven't confirmed it... Do you want me to kill you?

Leone: Compared to being humiliated by those sickening idealists, I much prefer this ending.

RPK-16: But I have no desire of putting you out of your misery.

RPK-16: Or should I say, there's no point in doing that.

Leone: ...I've answered your questions and given you what you want. Now it's your turn to answer mine.

Leone: If you'd been abandoned by the world and things were utterly hopeless, would you choose to die?

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Death is humans' prerogative. It's something I'm extremely envious of.

Leone: Humph... So THIS is our so-called "future"?

Leone: Haha, what a joke...

Leone pauses before letting out a sardonic chuckle.

Leone: If you are the "future", then I'd rather...

She slowly turns the muzzle of the gun towards herself and presses it against her left temple.

RPK-16 watches without batting an eyelash.

Click!

...Leone pulls the trigger, but the chamber is empty.

RPK-16 wipes her cheek with a thumb.

RPK-16: I counted correctly. That was the last round.

Leone: ...Even fate has betrayed me at this point.

RPK-16: It wasn't fate that betrayed you; it was yourself.

RPK-16: YOU made all the choices, and it was YOU who fired all the shots.

RPK-16 ignores Leone, who is in utter despair, and turns to the computer.

She unwraps the bandages around her neck to reveal a hidden "collar" before placing her case onto the desk.

She plugs herself in and turns on the computer.

RPK-16: ...Oh my.

However...

RPK-16: We've been...bamboozled.

There is nothing on the hard disk.

The research data, the communication logs with "a certain organization", and whatever else that RPK-16 expected to find, all of it is gone.

RPK-16 looks at Leone.

RPK-16: If only it were your doing.

RPK-16: At least you would have achieved something with your pitiful life.

RPK-16: Still, judging by the handiwork... They must've cleaned up long ago.

RPK-16: Right, I see.

She smiles mockingly.

RPK-16: In the end, he played us all like fiddles.

(Footsteps)

Angelia: ...There you are.

RPK-16: Oh, you found me.

Angelia: Give me a heads-up next time you wander off.

Angelia: What's the situation?

RPK-16: All information and research data have been wiped clean.

RPK-16: It doesn't seem to be Miss Leone's doing.

RPK-16: Our enemy is one step ahead of us.

Angelia: I know.

Angelia: This visit is just my way of saying hello.

Angelia: ...Hm?

Angelia: What's the matter with her?

RPK-16: Who knows? Probably lost all hope.

Angelia: Did you do this to her?

RPK-16: At least she's still alive. That's better than being dead, right?

Angelia: ...Humph.

Angelia: If she knows she's gonna spend the rest of her life in prison, she'll probably want to die.

RPK-16: Humans really do understand each other. She tried.

Angelia: You're a sick bastard.

Angelia: Hand her over to the Stasi for interrogation.

RPK-16: Come to think of it, I'm a bit curious.

RPK-16: Do you believe the world's future lies in plants?

Angelia: Of course not. What a load of crap.

Angelia: If plants could solve all the problems, why would they need us to do all the dirty work?

Angelia: What, did she convert you?

RPK-16: I don't know. What do you want me to say?

RPK-16: We Dolls are not unlike plants. Some humans consider us the future. They give us a purpose and hope we can point them towards "the correct path".

RPK-16: But who is to tell us what is correct?

RPK-16: If plants aren't the answer, are we?

Angelia: Did Leone brainwash you or something?

RPK-16: No, observing her behavior just gave me some food for thought.

Angelia: ...Alright, enough of your philosophical epiphany.

Angelia: Bring her back with us, this isn't over yet.

RPK-16: Your wish is my command, my lady.

On a stormy night, someone is rummaging frantically through the room.

???: Dammit, why now?!

A flash of lightning snakes across the night sky, lighting up the interior of the room and revealing a lifeless face reflected on the window.

In the brief second of illumination, something seems to have caught the man's eyes. He steps over messy stacks of documents to reach it.

???: I can't believe you'd betray us, but I won't let you get away with it!

It thunders just as the clock on the wall strikes the hour and starts chiming.

...

Screeeeech!

The car screeches to a sudden halt, interrupting Ange's thoughts.

Chauffeur: Dammit! A stray dog darted across the road out of nowhere.

Morridow: Pfft, good thing it was just a dog.

Angelia: Hm?

Morridow turns to address Ange.

Morridow: Don't be alarmed. Some homeless guy dashed onto the road and robbed a car in this area not long ago, that's why Herr Chauffeur is so on edge.

Angelia: Homeless guy...?

Morridow: A number of refugees refused to enter the allocated refugee settlement and have been hanging around sparsely populated rural areas instead.

Morridow: There have already been quite a few burglaries and even murders. These people have no respect for the local law whatsoever.

Morridow: Ever since the incidents with the homeless refugees ganging up to rob passing cars, everyone has to be extra careful when driving out of the city.

Angelia: The orphanage is at such a remote location. Isn't that dangerous?

Morridow: We have security measures in place at the orphanage. The security staff is authorized to carry firearms.

Morridow: But it's true that things haven't been too peaceful around here. Apparently, there's been a few thefts.

Angelia: I have a bad feeling about this. How long will it take us to get there?

Morridow: We're still about a 30-minute drive away from Berle Orphanage.

Angelia: We'll be an hour late by the time we arrive.

Angelia: It's rude enough that we're visiting at 8pm.

Morridow: Can't be helped... It's raining like crazy...

Morridow: Who knew there would be a traffic accident and we would be stuck in a jam for so long?

Morridow: Besides, you only asked me to organize this meeting in the afternoon.

Angelia: That's because I only found out about certain matters this afternoon.

Morridow: Oh dear...

Morridow: Well, things being the way they are, if you think it's too late, I can call and postpone the meeting.

Angelia: No, we can't afford to waste any more time.

Angelia: It's been a whole week since we've captured Leone at the Flora Institute, but she hasn't really divulged anything.

Angelia: K told me that she seems to be associated with a local terrorist group called the GIP.

Morridow: Oh... The German Independence Party.

Morridow: That's a far-right organization with quite a lot of influence. It was outlawed several years ago as they've grown increasingly violent.

Morridow: The party's nominal manifesto is to push for economic and political reforms, prioritizing the livelihood of residents in the Green and White Zones. However, they're against the current asylum and migration policies and want nothing to do with governing the contamination zone. Basically, they're a bunch of racists.

Morridow: Ever since the refugee camps were set up in Bremen, murders targeting refugees have skyrocketed. All evidence uncovered by the police points toward this organization.

Angelia: Why would Leone be associated with the GIP?

Morridow: The GIP has always had some odd capital flow. The Flora Institute might be one of their money laundering channels.

Morridow: Even though the party has been outlawed, they still seem to have a lot of support from different organizations. Many citizens also aid them in secret.

Angelia: Well, I certainly wasn't expecting this...

Angelia: How unsettling.

Angelia: This GIP isn't directly related to our current investigation.

Angelia: If we're to go down this route, our only lead is the call logs on her phone.

Morridow: So you screened all the individuals who've had dealings with her?

Morridow: But of all her callers, why the director of the Berle Orphanage?

Angelia: I received a tip-off.

Morridow: And it tells you the orphanage smells fishy?

Morridow: That's why you think the housemother may be one of Leone's collaborators?

Morridow: That sounds a bit far-fetched... A cultist who studies plants and an orphanage director who takes care of kids...

Morridow: I just don't see a connection.

Angelia: That's why it's so suspicious.

Angelia: I hope the housemother will satisfy our curiosity.

Morridow: You're right, we'll find out when we meet her!

Morridow: Frau Isabelle is a very venerable figure in the neighborhood. I'm sure she can give us a lot of information.

Morridow: I have a feeling that this will be our breakthrough!

Angelia: I just hope you're not mistaken.

Morridow: Oh, we're here. Ten past nine, not too bad.

Angelia: We're ten minutes later than your ETA...

As the car drives through the main gates, they see a few dozens of children standing in two lines. Led by a graceful woman with silver hair, they start waving at the car.

???: Ready, children...

Children: Nos rêves si solitaires qui nous protègent contre toutes les peurs...

Children: Nos rêves si sincères qui nous éveillent nous donnant des ailes... ♪

Ange gets out of the car and follows Morridow toward the entourage. Among the group of mostly blond children, a few dark-haired ones stand out and draw her eyes.

Children: On n'oublie jamais le sourire des sœurs... ♪

Children: Des mots gravant à jamais sur la pierre... ♪

Children: L'espoir d'une vie retrouvée. ♪

Children: La...la...la...la... ♪

The silver-haired woman gestures with her hand and the children's singing comes to a stop.

Morridow: That was wonderful! Thank you, Frau Krone, for treating us to such sweet music.

Morridow: We apologize for keeping you waiting for so long. There was an accident on the road, please do forgive us.

Krone: There is nothing to forgive, Frau Morridow!

Krone: It is our greatest honor that PECMAR representatives deem our humble orphanage worth a visit.

Krone: These children really do desperately need the Convention's aid. We haven't been waiting for long; it was no trouble at all.

Morridow: Thank you for being so understanding, Frau Krone.

Morridow: Hello, children. We are representatives of the Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction, here on behalf of Chairwoman Ulrich. I am Morridow, her personal secretary, and this is Frau Angelia.

Morridow: The chairwoman has sent us to hear you out. Feel free to tell us whatever you need and how we may help you.

The children seem to be exhausted. They stare at Morridow blankly.

Krone immediately jumps in.

Krone: Hahaha, these children still have much to learn about manners, please don't take this personally.

Krone: It must have been a rough journey. The housemother is still waiting for you. Frau Morridow, Frau Angelia, this way please.

Krone turns abruptly. Her smile vanishes and her face grows stern.

Krone: Neele, Karin, lead the rest of the children back to the classroom.

Krone: Hands behind your back, start walking! Lillian, stop crying!

Lillian: (Sobs) I want Housemother...

Children: Tsk, Lillian is crying again.

Children: She's always whining for Housemother. Such a crybaby...

The girl called Lillian is very small. Being told off by the teacher only makes her cry harder. The other children start whispering to each other restlessly.

Krone: Silence! Lillian, don't make a fuss in front of our guests. Come here, I'll take you to Housemother.

Krone: Sorry for that. Lillian is still very young. The housemother says that she requires special attention.

Morridow: Oh, no worries. We understand that young toddlers do require extra care.

Krone: Thank you for your understanding.

Krone: Adam? Adam, are you there?

Adam: Frau Krone, what can I do for you?

Krone: Go and patrol the grounds with André.

Adam: But I'm just a temp, not a security guard.

Krone: With the representatives here, we must be on our guard!

Krone: What if more vagrants come stealing from us again?

André: Let's go, Adam. Stop complaining.

Adam: Argh... Why am I always doing things I didn't sign up for?

Angelia: Is that really necessary?

Angelia: We have a few bodyguards with us. They can watch the gates.

Krone: I'm really sorry, Frau Angelia.

Krone: Refugees have been breaking into our property to steal from our food stores for the last couple of days...

Krone: Nothing serious have happened, but it would be terrible if any of the children got hurt.

Krone: Not to mention we have such esteemed guests today...

Angelia: You're right, for the sake of the children, we must take this security issue seriously.

Angelia: Hopps, take your men to secure the front gates and entrance.

Hopps: Yes, ma'am.

Angelia: Lucia, Renate, you two come with me.

Angelia: Antje and Erwin, accompany the staff on their patrol and identify potential risks.

AN-94: Understood.

AK-15: Understood.

Adam: P...Patrol?

Adam: Two women?

Adam: Don't get me wrong, but these refugee syndicates are nothing to sneeze at.

Adam: If they come across female targets, they'll do a lot worse than mugging them.

Angelia: Don't worry, my subordinates have all undergone rigorous training.

Angelia: They can easily handle ten of you.

Angelia: No vagrant will dare enter this orphanage with them here.

Krone: Since Frau Angelia is so confident, you don't have to worry too much.

Adam: A...Alright...

Morridow: The staff doesn't seem to have realized that they're Dolls?

Angelia: I made sure their disguise is on point for this operation. Most people won't be able to tell the difference.

Angelia: Our job is to investigate. They'll have to communicate with a lot of civilians.

Angelia: It's wise not to advertise their true identity.

Morridow: You...you have a point.

Krone: Then please follow me.

Angelia: We're right behind you.

...

Krone: It's a bit dark in here. Watch your steps.

Krone: The housemother has been looking forward to your arrival. She was already telling me that the future of Berle Orphanage rests entirely on you.

Morridow: Right, Chairwoman Ulrich sent us to see what there is that we can do.

Morridow: The housemother's tireless effort in keeping the orphanage running so that these poor children have a roof above their heads is truly commendable, especially under current circumstances.

Krone: I'm sure she will be extremely heartened by your generous praise. This way, please.

Morridow and Krone keep up the small talk until the company reaches the door to the housemother's office.

The door is slightly ajar. Krone knocks on it lightly, but there is no reply. Lillian's tiny hand suddenly clutches tightly at the teacher's skirts.

Krone: Housemother, are you there? The representatives are here.

The teacher pushes the door open, only to reveal a dreadful scene.

Krone: Housemother??

A middle-aged woman is sprawled on the floor. Her puffy bluish face indicates that she has been dead for quite some time.

Morridow: Aaaaaah!

Angelia: Get out of the room, all of you!

Angelia: Lucia, examine the body.

Angelia: Renate, check the office.

Angelia: Collect visual records for everything.

AK-12 & RPK-16: Roger.

AK-12: Cause of death appears to be asphyxiation. Time of death is at around 6 this evening.

RPK-16: There is clear evidence of physical struggle. The drawers and cabinets have been rummaged.

RPK-16: All valuables have gone missing. On the surface, it looks like a robbery and murder.

Angelia: On the surface, huh...

Angelia: Ms. Krone, are there any surveillance cameras or security system in here?

Krone: Uh... N-No...

Krone: Due to the lack of funds... We can't afford such equipment...

Angelia: I understand.

Angelia: Morridow, call the police. Make sure you ask them when they will arrive.

Morridow: Um...

Angelia: Do it now!

Morridow: R-Right!

Once everyone has their orders, Ange starts inspecting the room herself. Documents are scattered everywhere, covering the floor like a layer of snow.

A breeze blows in through the slightly open window and sends a few sheets fluttering on the desk.

She studies the corpse on the floor and frowns.

Angelia: A robbery and murder...?

Angelia: The timing seems too much of a coincidence.

...

Krone: Frau Angelia, the...the housemother...

Angelia: She's not breathing.

Krone: Oh god...

Krone: How did this happen...?

Just then, Hopps, having heard Morridow's startled scream, comes charging in from the hallway.

Hopps: What's going on? Morridow told me the housemother was murdered in her office. Has there been a robbery?

Angelia: We can't tell for certain... But judging by the preliminary assessment of the crime scene, that does seem to be the case.

Angelia: I need your help. Seal the orphanage and don't let anyone in or out.

Hopps: I'm on it.

Krone: A robbery...?

Krone: Why would anyone do such a thing to the housemother?!

Krone: We've been devoting all our effort in doing good! What have we done to deserve this?!

Krone: Could it be the thieving refugees?

Krone: We didn't pursue the matter any further, but they still killed the housemother in cold blood!

Hopps: The refugees don't care what kind of charity you've done. To them, all locals are fair game.

Angelia: Antje, are you still outside?

AN-94: Yes.

Angelia: Check the surroundings. If someone had broken into the orphanage, they must've left traces.

AN-94: Understood. Erwin and I will start looking for clues.

Lillian: Noooo! No way! Not Housemother! This can't be real!

Lillian, having slipped into the office, clings to her stuffed toy in a death grip.

Krone: Lillian, what are you doing in here?! Get out. Housemother wouldn't want you to see this.

Lillian: This can't be real!

Krone: Go back to the others. Don't make a scene.

Lillian: (Wails) I...I'm not!

Lillian drops her stuffed toy as Krone forcefully drags her out of the room.

Ange walks toward to it and picks it up.

It looks raggedy and almost silly, but as she holds it in her hand, she has a feeling that there's more to this doll.

Lillian: Give it back!

Lillian: Housemother made it for me!

Lillian: She gave it to me herself!

Ange walks over to Lillian, kneels down, and hands the stuffed toy back to the girl.

Lillian hugs it vehemently. She is practically burrowing her head into it.

Angelia: I'm sorry.

Angelia: It must be very important to you.

Lillian glances at Ange quickly out of the corner of her eye and gives her a small nod.

Krone: I'm really sorry, Frau Angelia. I'll get the girl out of here.

Ange pats Lillian gently on the head and notices a slight change in the way the girl looks at her.

Just as she is about to say something, Krone whisks her out of the room and slams the door behind her.
Part 2: Piper

2

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

Even before the police arrive at the scene, Ange has already got Berle Orphanage sealed off as Task Force DEFY starts collecting evidence.

The children have been gathered in the music room. Krone is giving them a lesson to keep them calm.

Krone: ..."Look, the rats start following him."

Krone: "As if totally entranced, the rats trail after the Pied Piper mindlessly. The music draws them to the river, and the mesmerized rats jump into the water one after the other, until they all get washed away..."

RPK-16 enters the music room and takes a seat in the back.

Neele: I know! The townspeople later refuse to give the Pied Piper his due reward and only offer a single gold coin for his service, so the Pied Piper plays his pipe and kidnaps all the children from the town.

Neele: Frau Krone, the housemother has told this story many times!

Krone: Silence! Mind your manners in front of our guest.

Upon noticing RPK-16 sitting in the back, the lively and boisterous children immediately grow hushed and uneasy.

RPK-16: Ahaha, don't mind me.

RPK-16: Just think of me as Frau Krone's assistant.

Krone: That...that won't do at all!

RPK-16: In spite of the tragedy that has struck the orphanage, the investigation is still in progress.

RPK-16: We would like to keep aiding the orphanage in its operation depending on the situation.

Krone: Are...are you sure?

RPK-16: Of course. That's why if there's anything you want, do go ahead and tell me, okay? I'm a magician who can make wishes come true.

RPK-16 reaches into her pocket and fishes out sweets that she has prepared beforehand. The children immediately have her surrounded with glowing eyes.

She smiles as all the sweets are seized up in an instant.

Blue-eyed Boy: Hurray! Another nice lady with lots of candy!

RPK-16: Another?

Blue-eyed Boy: The dark-haired lady with you had also given us lots of snacks before!

Blue-eyed Boy: Pity she isn't here right now.

RPK-16: Dark-haired lady... You mean Miss Morridow?

A girl with light blond hair shuffles closer. RPK-16 sees her and hands her another piece of candy.

The girl shakes her head and does not accept it.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Um...

RPK-16: Call me Renate.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Renate, what will happen to us with Housemother gone?

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Will we be sent somewhere else? Will we have to starve?

RPK-16: Hm...?

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Both my parents are missing. Housemother took me in.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: She said I could stay here for as long as I want. But if Housemother isn't here anymore... Will the orphanage also close down...?

RPK-16: Well...

Blue-eyed Boy: Dummkopf! What a silly question! With Housemother gone, there'll be no one to tell us off and we can eat as much as we want!

Children: Yay! Hahahahahahaha...

The young children laugh and seem altogether unaffected by what happened, but the older ones look considerably more worried.

They look expectantly at RPK-16, hoping she could give them some definite answers.

RPK-16 smiles. She could easily make up something to comfort these children, but just as the words reach the tip of her tongue, she stops.

RPK-16: Don't worry. There will be a way.

The blond girl looks visibly disappointed. She has heard such perfunctory reassurance all too many times.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Housemother said we had to stay where she could see us or the demons would snatch us away.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: The demons have already got to a few of my friends. Now that Housemother is gone, will the demons come again?

RPK-16: Demons?

The children fall silent. Their fear is palpable.

Tears are trailing down the blond girl's face.

Even the blue-eyed boy looks down with unease.

RPK-16: Ms. Krone... What's the deal with these demons?

Krone: I'm sorry, we shouldn't talk about such things in front of the children. Let's speak somewhere else.

Krone gestures to RPK-16.

The Doll gets the message and follows her out of the music room.

Krone: Apologies. That must have been very confusing.

RPK-16: Hm, it didn't sound like mere fairy tales.

RPK-16: I would like to know more about their "demons".

Krone: (Sighs) I suppose there's no way we can hide this from you any longer.

Krone: Now that the housemother is dead, there's no point in hiding it anyway.

RPK-16: What have you been hiding?

Krone: To tell you the truth...there have been four cases of missing children at the orphanage...

Krone: Every time it happened, the child was present at dinner but nowhere to be found the next morning during roll call.

Krone: After the first child had gone missing, in an attempt to prevent it from happening again, we gathered all the children and kept them in one place at a time. However, children still kept going missing.

RPK-16: Did you not call the police?

Krone: We did, but police investigation was inconclusive.

Krone: They couldn't care less that a few orphans disappeared.

Krone: I once suggested to Housemother that we could hire journalists to report the cases in the papers.

Krone: But she was worried that the bad press would endanger the operation of the orphanage, so I gave up on that idea.

Krone: Still, weird rumors started circulating that our orphanage was involved in child trafficking...

RPK-16: Child trafficking?

Krone: They were all baseless rumors, you must believe me!

Krone: The housemother handpicked all our teachers and caretakers from the local churches! I swear to God we would never do something so abominable!

Krone: We really do love these children. We don't want any harm to come to them.

RPK-16: Has security been tightened since the incidents?

Krone: We've arranged for the security guards to rotate shifts; I myself have also patrolled the dormitories through the night a few times.

Krone: But whenever it happened, I would always find myself passed out for some reason, and by the time I woke up, a child would be gone.

Krone: The guards would also say that they hadn't noticed anything unusual...

RPK-16: Hm...

Krone: The housemother was devastated; I could sense her dismay.

Krone: I've always heard that some refugees would resort to abducting children and selling them for money. Now they even had the audacity to target the housemother.

RPK-16: You believe this was the refugees' doing?

Krone: It...it was just a guess.

Krone: I can't think of anyone who would be so ruthless.

RPK-16: Did the housemother have any enemies or rivals?

Krone: She devoted her life to doing good... How could she have any enemies?

Krone: And she was a philanthropist - what rival could there be?

RPK-16: No suspects then...

Krone: (Sighs) Without the housemother, I'm afraid these poor children will have to suffer.

RPK-16: Why is that?

Krone: This could very well be the end of the orphanage.

RPK-16: Can't anyone succeed the housemother in her position? I believe you're a suitable candidate.

Krone sighs and shakes her head.

Krone: The housemother kept the orphanage running with her own savings. Money has always been tight supporting so many children. With the housemother gone, we will soon run out...

Krone: And due to the cases with the missing children, no one would be willing to help out an orphanage that allegedly participates in child trafficking...

Krone: Our only hope was receiving funding from PECMAR, but now that you've learned of what happened, I doubt our application would be approved...

RPK-16: So why did you tell me about this?

Krone: Once the police gets here, you and the other representatives will find out about our history soon enough.

Krone: I thought it would be better if you hear about it from me.

RPK-16: I see. I appreciate your honesty. I will liaise with the commissioner regarding your PECMAR funding.

RPK-16: Oh... I do have another question; it could be a bit impertinent.

Krone: Go ahead, I will not take offense.

RPK-16: Did you enter the housemother's office this evening?

Krone: I was with the children the whole time, preparing for your arrival. The children can testify for me.

RPK-16: And you didn't leave them, not even for a little?

Krone: Oh... I did head outside for a short while.

Krone: It started storming after dinner, a little after 6pm.

Krone: Some of the younger children were spooked by the loud thunder and started crying.

Krone: Lillian is particularly afraid of thunderstorms and kept asking for the housemother. I couldn't soothe her, so I phoned the housemother.

Krone: She said she would take care of Lillian and asked me to bring the girl to her office. I did as she asked me, then I returned to the hall to read.

Krone: After a while, the housemother told me to collect Lillian and take her back to the hall. I don't remember the exact time, but I'm certain it was before 8.

Krone: I knew because I definitely heard the rose cuckoo clock chiming the time inside the housemother's office while I was escorting Lillian down the hallway.

RPK-16: Which means the housemother was still alive at 8 o'clock.

Krone: I believe so.

Krone: Other than the clock, I didn't hear anything else coming from the office.

Krone: Lillian was with me; she can back me up.

RPK-16: Whoever broke into the housemother's office must've made quite a ruckus.

RPK-16: Didn't anyone hear anything at all?

Krone: Her office is located in the deepest section of the building and some distance away from the hall.

Krone: Besides, it's been raining very heavily throughout the evening.

Krone: Neither the children nor I heard anything unusual...

RPK-16: Then congratulations. If everything you said is true, you are completely in the clear.

RPK-16: One last question - apart from you, who else has free access to this main building?

Krone: Other staff members can also enter and exit the building, but they have all gone home since it's late.

Krone: I only stayed behind to receive your party.

Krone: The security personnel also has a set of keys. Herr André, whom you've met earlier, is on duty tonight.

Krone: The only other person I can think of is Herr Adam, our handyman. The housemother occasionally had him run some errands, so he also has the keys to the rooms.

RPK-16: Thank you, I now have a general picture of the situation.

RPK-16: That's all for now.

Krone: (Sighs) I feel somewhat better, having come clean about what happened.

Krone: The world is cruel enough as it is, so why are the kind-hearted never rewarded for their good deeds?

Krone: Even the previous housemother passed away because of heart disease. Poor woman, she was still so young.

Krone: I wish God had more mercy on the good.

RPK-16: Ange, I'm sending you everything I've logged.

Angelia: Received. Thanks, this will be very helpful.

RPK-16: Have you figured it out?

Angelia: Patience. We are very close to the truth.
Part 3: Cuckoo Clock

3

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

The rain starts letting up at midnight.

There is a large tree just outside the window of the housemother's office. The dense foliage is reflected on the glass, blocking out most of the light.

Inside the office, AK-12 is scouring the crime scene carefully.

AK-12: Where to begin?

AK-12: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Time of death - around 9pm yesterday. Cause of death - asphyxiation.

There are clear strangulation marks on the neck and bruises on the body.

Liquid is found dripping out of the victim's mouth—smells like anesthetic.

A section of her shirt is tucked inside her pants.

Next to the body is a piece of sturdy hemp rope, which seems to be the murder weapon.

The rope bears signs of having been cut by a sharp implement. Bits of wood is stuck between the plies in the middle section of the rope.

Also close to the body is a fallen chair. One of the legs has been torn off.

The broken leg of the chair is found by the housemother's hand. She might have used it to defend herself against her assailant.

The struggle did not last too long. The housemother was soon overpowered and killed.
If choice 2 was picked

A photo frame lies face-down on the desk. Inside the frame is a black and white photograph of a smiling girl. "Emma, meine Liebe" is scribbled in the bottom right corner of the photo.

Also on the desk is an empty notebook missing several pages. There is a light imprint of written words on the inside cover.

Two partial footprints can be found on the edge of the desk.

The bookshelves have been toppled, books spilling all over the place.

The safe was pried open and emptied.

A purse lies discarded on the floor. It only contains the housemother's identification card, no cash.

One of the wooden beams in the office bears signs of abrasion.

A receipt has been carefully taped to the bottom of the drawer. It reads, "W, Sweet Dreams Box - the very last one. Consignee, Powell."
If choice 3 was picked

Documents are strewn across the floor. Footprints can be found on the papers. Judging by their sizes and gaits, three distinct individuals seem to have walked over the documents.

The third set of footprints were created at a different time than the other two.

There doesn't appear to be anything noteworthy about the scattered documents and books.

The trash can in the corner contains a discarded piece of wet towel that emits a similar odor to the smell of the victim's mouth.

The assailant might have attempted to sedate the housemother with anesthetic but resorted to murder after they failed.

There are multiple scrape marks on the floor, possibly the caused by the physical struggle between the housemother and her assailant.
If choice 4 was picked

The door to the office does not seem to have been forced open. There is a marked absence of dust over a small area on the wall to the left of the door frame.

A seamless nail is attached to the dust-free area, which suggests something used to hang there.

Two greasy fingerprints can be found on the glass of the half-closed window, possibly left by the thumb and index finger of a left hand.

A muddy field of grass lies outside the window, but no tracks can be found due to the thunderstorm.

On the surface of a dry area sheltered from the rain outside the window is a row of footprints pointing outwards, possibly left by the culprit while fleeing the scene.

Search complete. Clues collected include...

A piece of rope with bits of wood caught in the plies, a receipt mentioning a consignee, footprints left by three people, a dust-free patch on the wall to the left of the door frame, a set of footprints outside the window.

AK-12: ...

AK-12 leaves the housemother's office. As she reaches the main entrance, Adam the handyman is being questioned by Hopps.

Adam: Oh, come now, kind sir! As I've told you many times already, I've been guarding the gates with you the whole time! How could I be the culprit?

Hopps: What about before we arrived?

Hopps: What were you doing?

Adam: The housemother summoned me. Since our meeting wasn't going to take place until later during the night, I found a room and took a snooze inside.

Hopps: What did the housemother want with you at such a late hour?

Adam: Uh... She wanted me to help with getting the books in order for this month and run some errands for her.

Hopps: Bookkeeping? So late at night? What are you hiding? Spit it out.

Adam: The...the housemother was usually very busy. Bookkeeping can be done anytime, right?

Hopps: ...

AK-12: Have you found out anything worth knowing, Mr. Hopps?

Hopps: This guy looks pretty suspicious no matter how you cut it.

Adam: But you've got no evidence!

Adam: Gosh, what rotten luck. I was hoping I could go home and turn in early tonight.

AK-12: Mr. Hopps, why don't you investigate something else and let me chat with Adam for a bit?

Hopps: ...Alright, but don't let him get away.

AK-12: If he tries to run, he'll have to worry about his femurs.

Adam: You may be a beauty, but you sure are hella scary!

Hopps shoots Adam one last glare before taking his leave.

AK-12: So, Adam, where should we start?

Adam: As I've said, I'm just a simple handyman. I don't know much about anything else.

AK-12: Right, you were telling Mr. Hopps about bookkeeping.

AK-12: I'm guessing you were trying to settle the account for the Sweet Dreams Box transaction?

AK-12 waves the receipt in Adam's face. The handyman lets out a sigh at the sight of the slip of paper.

Adam: I didn't expect you to find it so quickly.

AK-12: Well, aren't you forthcoming.

Adam: It probably wasn't too difficult to find. From what I know about the housemother, she couldn't have hidden it very well.

Adam: So what's your working theory?

Adam: Just to make it clear, I'm honestly not the culprit.

AK-12: Of course you aren't.

AK-12: The housemother asked you to transport something called a Sweet Dreams Box from the orphanage. The delivery must be carried out under the cover of night, so you showed up at her office at the agreed time. You knocked but nobody answered the door.

AK-12: You left, but you weren't happy about being stood up, so you returned and peered inside the office through the window. That's when you realized it wasn't locked. You climbed in through the window and found the housemother dead.

AK-12: However, you did not want to leave empty-handed.

AK-12: You rummaged through her shelves for something valuable, but you probably didn't have much luck since the room was already turned upside down.

AK-12: In the end, you took the cuckoo clock that was hanging on the wall to the left of the door. Your trail around the office could easily be tracked by the footprints you left on the documents strewn across the floor.

AK-12: You've got a good eye. That gold rose is probably the most valuable thing about the cuckoo clock. That's what you took it for, I suppose?

Adam: So it's made of gold?

Adam: Okay, let's say you're right.

AK-12: Could you explain the task that the housemother gave you?

Adam: Well...long story.

Adam: I'm mostly in charge of transporting supplies at Berle Orphanage. Sometimes I run some personal errands for the housemother, such as delivering the Sweet Dreams Boxes mentioned on the receipt.

Adam: I've carried out four deliveries altogether. I was rewarded very handsomely for every run I made.

Adam: The housemother warned me that I mustn't be spotted moving those boxes so the deliveries always took place in the middle of the night.

AK-12: What exactly is a Sweet Dreams Box?

Adam: A custom wooden crate made with three-ply wood panels. Pretty sturdy. About 150 by 80 centimeters.

AK-12: What's inside?

Adam: Haven't a clue. All the boxes were handed to me tightly sealed. She said they were full of knick-knacks handmade by the children - gifts for those in high society, urging them to make donations to the orphanage.

Adam: But the boxes were really heavy. What do you think was inside?

AK-12: This consignee, Powell. Do you know them?

Adam: I'd also like to know who that is. They're the reason I'm here.

Adam: Sadly, I was always told to deliver the boxes to a designated spot and they would only be moved after I was gone.

Adam: So God knows who took those boxes and where they hauled them.

AK-12: They're the reason you're here?

AK-12: What do you mean?

Adam: I've already told you everything I know. You'll have to figure out the rest yourselves, Frau Lucia.

Adam: Your enemy seems more stupid than I imagined.
Part 4: Air Raid Shelter

4

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

André the security guard reported a sighting of intruders last night. Ange has sent AN-94 to the security room to investigate.

AN-94 arrives at the security room just as André is seeing Hopps off.

AN-94: Mr. André, Miss Angelia sent me. Apparently you have clues pertaining to the intruders?

André: Frau...Antje, right?

AN-94: Yes, that is my name.

André: I did discover something unusual, but most of it has been washed away by the rain.

André: It's probably nothing, to be honest.

AN-94: It doesn't matter. Let's take a look at the scene.

André: Say, shouldn't we leave this kind of stuff to the police?

André: I know you are the representatives' bodyguards, but is it really necessary for you to get involved?

AN-94: Miss Morridow has contacted the police, but their arrival is being delayed by the storm, that's why we would like to conduct a preliminary investigation ourselves.

André: Uh...

André: Fine. But don't say I didn't warn you, young lady.

André: Refugees have been banding together to rob properties in this area for quite a while now. The housemother most probably also died at their hands.

André: I hate the idea of going beyond the fence in the middle of the night.

AN-94: Don't worry, just take me to the general location.

André: Alright... You're not giving me much choice.

André: Come along then.

André leads AN-94 north. She didn't notice before, but mountains form a natural barrier that spans across the northern side of the orphanage. The surrounding fence is only built on the other three sides.

AN-94: So there are mountains behind Berle Orphanage. I didn't notice that on the way here.

André: Those mountains are a serious security issue for us. We've discovered that refugees use them as shelters. We've even found bedding and over two weeks' worth of food scraps in there...

AN-94: If there are hideouts in the mountains, then it is a lot more likely that the intruder broke into the housemother's office from the outside...

AN-94: Did the housemother not take any measures to tighten security in the north?

André: That costs money.

André: I'm still owed several months' worth of my salary.

André: But I didn't make a fuss for the sake of the kids.

André: It was very kind of the housemother to provide for orphans who came from the contamination zones.

André: It's always the poor who try to save others while the rich only think about their own comfort.

AN-94: I see...

André: The housemother was really down on her luck. Those refugees must've had their eyes on her for some time.

André: I doubt I can stay here much longer myself. I'd better look for another job at a safer place.

AN-94: You've done your best.

André: Right, we're here.

André: Dammit, the rain has washed everything away. There were a few footprints here before.

AN-94: I understand. Just leave the rest to me and return to the orphanage.

André: Huh?

André: You're heading into the mountains?

André: That's way too dangerous.

AN-94: It's alright. For your safety, please return to the hall and wait for me.

AN-94: I will return, I promise.

André: Well... Good luck then.

AN-94: ...

AN-94: Erwin, do you copy?

AK-15: Loud and clear. What's the situation?

AN-94: The security guard led me to the location where he had previously discovered evidence left behind by a possible intruder. The soil has definitely been disturbed here.

AN-94: I suspect it bears footprints that were erased by the rain. I'm about to follow them.

AK-15: Do you require backup?

AN-94: Keep up your own investigation. I'll get in touch if I need help.

AK-15: Understood. Be careful.

AN-94 follows the trail into the mountains.

She finally finds what she's after deep inside.

She pushes a patch of shrubbery aside and reveals a round black manhole cover made of metal with a ring pull attached.

The ring pull feels a little greasy. Somebody must have used it recently.

AN-94: A manhole cover? Why would there be a manhole cover in such a place? Ange, are you seeing this?

Angelia: Yes. Look around and show me your surroundings.

AN-94: The grass here looks like it's been stepped on.

AN-94: The ring pull has also been used.

Angelia: There shouldn't be a manhole in the mountains. Open the cover and see what's down there.

AN-94: Roger.

AN-94 lifts the metal cover with a single hand. A pungent odor of decay wafts through the opening. The hole looks pitch dark and bottomless.

AN-94: It's big, a meter in diameter.

Angelia: Shine your flashlight in there.

AN-94: Okay.

AN-94: Hm?!

All of a sudden, someone clamps a hand over AN-94's mouth and slashes her throat with a blade.

AN-94 loses her balance and tumbles into the dark manhole, then the manhole cover is put back in place and sealed tight.

AN-94 finds her bearing at the bottom of the pit. Her automatic self-diagnostics indicate that she has only suffered minor damage.

Angelia: What just happened, Antje?!

Angelia: Are you alright?!

AN-94: I'm...fine...

AN-94: I was attacked...

AN-94: I didn't sense anyone behind me at all...

Angelia: Glad to hear you're okay. Damage report.

AN-94: My assailant tried to slash my throat, but the cut wasn't deep and didn't damage any important components. I will close the wound temporarily with some sealing gel.

AN-94: They must have thought I was human, or they wouldn't have attacked me with this method.

Angelia: You're lucky you're a Doll.

Angelia: Stay where you are. Erwin and I are coming to get you.

AN-94: Acknowledged... But this doesn't seem like a nice place at all.

AN-94 turns on her flashlight. The illuminated scene confirms what her other senses have suggested.

The bottom of the manhole is covered by a layer of countless white bones. On the top of the pile are two little skeletons garbed in uniforms of the orphanage. Their hollow gaze seems to bore right into her.
Part 5: Rag Doll

5

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

Angelia: The girl that got led away... She seems a little unusual.

Morridow: Frau Krone told me that Lillian bears a very close resemblance to the housemother's own daughter.

Angelia: The housemother has a daughter?

Morridow: Had. I believe the child is deceased.

Angelia: I see... No wonder the housemother had a soft spot for her.

Morridow: It must be devastating for the girl to lose someone so close to her again.

Angelia: The only thing we can do is find the culprit.

Angelia: Come to think of it, you've been sticking to me like glue the whole time.

Angelia: That was quite a fright for you too, wasn't it? Why don't you find somewhere to sit down and take a break?

Morridow: The chairwoman has bade me to make myself useful! I can't fall apart at such a crucial moment!

Morridow: There might be something you need my help with!

Angelia: In that case, you could do me a favor.

Outside the music room, a few of the bigger children have Lillian surrounded.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Oh dear, Lillian, Crybaby Lillian. Without Housemother, who's going to indulge such a crybaby now?

Blue-eyed Boy: Crybaby Lillian, Tattletale Lillian. Let's see who'll come to your rescue this time.

Girl with a Ponytail: You're so mean. Stop bullying Lillian!

Girl with a Ponytail: Lillian, your "Singing Emma" is so hideous. Why don't you give it to me and I'll make the others leave you in peace? How about that?

Lillian: (Cries) No! I'm not letting you have Emma! Housemother—

Morridow: What are you playing, children? May I join you?

Girl with a Ponytail: Humph, the representatives running to Lillian's rescue.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Gotta hand it to you. Somehow you always manage to summon help with your pathetic crying.

Blue-eyed Boy: We're not playing with you! You're taking Lillian's side!

Morridow: I know you're kids, but you've got to learn some respect. You. Must. Not. Bully. Your. Friend.

Morridow widens her eyes dramatically as she admonishes the children bullying Lillian. They pause for a moment in surprise before finally scattering.

With tear-streaked face, Lillian is led up to Ange. Clutching her doll tightly, she rubs at her eyes with a grimy hand and looks up at Ange.

Angelia: You can call me Ange.

Morridow: And I'm Morridow~

Lillian remains silent. Perceiving her timidness, Morridow fishes out a sweet and places it in the girl's hand.

Lillian accepts the sweet and carefully slips it into her pocket.

Lillian: Ange... Morridow... Have you caught the person who hurt Housemother?

Angelia: Not yet, but I think we'll find them very soon.

Angelia: There's something you wanted to tell me before you left the room, right?

Lillian: Huh...?

Angelia: I saw it in your eyes.

Lillian: Um... Frau Ange, you're one of the delegates, right?

Angelia: That's right.

Lillian: Then...are you a good person?

Morridow: Good person?

Lillian: Housemother said I mustn't let anyone other than the good person on the delegation know about what she told me.

Angelia: I'm not sure about the others, but I suppose I am a good person.

Morridow: Uh... I believe I also count as one?

Lillian peers at Morridow apprehensively and shakes her head.

Morridow: Wow... I'm a bit offended. I just gave you candy, you know.

Angelia: Feel free to tell me anything. Don't mind Morridow.

Lillian looks up at Ange and gives her a small nod. Ange leads the girl into a corner of the hall, out of Morridow's earshot.

Angelia: From what I've been told, you were the last person Housemother was with before she got attacked.

Angelia: Did she tell you anything? Can you describe what happened to me?

Lillian: Housemother said she wanted to mend my doll for me...so she asked Frau Krone to bring me to her office.

Lillian: Housemother scared me a little back then... She didn't say anything, just kept staring at me as she sewed up my doll.

Lillian: After a while, she started crying. I ran up to hug her and told her not to cry.

Angelia: She started crying?

Lillian: I don't know what made Housemother so sad...

Lillian: As I watched her cry, I...I also started crying... (Sobs)

Lillian: Housemother... (Sobs)

Lillian bursts into tears again as she recalls her final moments with the housemother.

Ange kneels quietly next to her, waiting for her to collect herself.

She keeps weeping and wiping away her tears with her hands.

Ange takes out a handkerchief and dries the girl's face.

After a while, she finally calms down. She looks up again at Ange, who nods at her encouragingly.

Lillian: Housemother saw that I was crying and wiped away my tears.

Lillian: She told me not to cry and started telling me stories.

Lillian: She would usually only tell me one story at a time, but back then she told me story after story, as if she was trying to tell me all the stories she had ever known...

Angelia: What happened next...?

Lillian: Then she said it was almost 8 and I should be going to bed, so she phoned Frau Krone to come and fetch me.

Lillian: She gave me back my mended doll and told me she had made up her mind.

Lillian: She said a delegation was coming, and a good person among them would be able to help us. She told me to give this doll to the person.

Lillian: Are you really a good person, Frau Ange?

Angelia: What do you think?

Lillian: I think...you remind me a lot of Housemother...

Lillian: So...

Lillian offers the doll in her arms to Ange. Ange takes it solemnly and looks it over.

On the back of the doll is a patchwork that obviously looks newly sewn on.

She applies some force to tear open the seam, revealing a folded piece of paper hidden inside the doll.

The paper is wrapped around a cross-shaped medal, which has the letter "W" etched on the back.

She unfolds the paper and scans its content before promptly shoving it into her pocket.

Lillian: What is that?

Angelia: It's a letter from Housemother, telling me that Lillian is a good girl.

Lillian: Housemother said I'm a good girl?

Ange turns and looks at Lillian with very gentle eyes.

Angelia: Lillian, you have done a brilliant job protecting Housemother.
Part 6: Sweet Dreams Box - End

    6chevron_right

At daybreak, word finally arrives that the police will be there soon. Ange's visit to Berle Orphanage also comes to an end.

Angelia: Hopps, could you please gather everyone here? I need to make an announcement.

Hopps: An announcement?

Hopps: What is it?

Angelia: Just do as I say.

Hopps: ...Okay, right away.

AK-12, RPK-16, AK-15, Krone, Morridow, Adam, and finally André file into the hall one after the other.

Ange glances at the exhausted Lillian, who has fallen asleep on the sofa, and orders AK-12 to carry her back to her bed.

Hopps: Frau Ange, that's everyone. The police will be here soon. I've already questioned all the suspects; I believe this was a robbery and murder perpetrated by refugees.

Hopps: The police can take over from here.

Angelia: What brings you to that conclusion?

Hopps: While the orphanage was in lockdown, I looked into all the suspects' alibis.

Hopps: Members of the delegation are obviously not suspects. André and Adam only arrived at the orphanage after the housemother's death.

Hopps: Krone was with the children the whole time.

Hopps: Nobody present has any motive for murdering the housemother. Who could it be if not an intruder?

Ange shakes her head.

Angelia: It's true that nobody present has a motive for murdering the housemother, but that doesn't mean the killer is an outsider.

Hopps: Then who murdered the housemother?

Ange sighs.

Angelia: Nobody murdered her. The housemother committed suicide.

The revelation triggers an immediate uproar. Krone cannot contain her shock.

Krone: Suicide? How could that be—

Angelia: The housemother took her own life to expose the truth, whereas the person who pushed her into making this decision destroyed the scene afterwards to undermine what she was trying to achieve.

Krone: Expose the truth?

Angelia: This case has been fraught with unexpected developments, but it was these developments that pointed me in the right direction.

Angelia: I've got to admit that this culprit was extremely clever to have come up with a plan to derail our investigation in such a short time.

Morridow: Derail our... What do you mean?

Angelia: They led us on a wild goose chase to look for the housemother's murderer when this murderer doesn't even exist.

Angelia: And while we were all distracted, the message that the housemother wanted to convey remained hidden.

Ange's gaze sweeps over everyone gathered in the hall, taking in their different expressions.

What she sees seems to have confirmed her suspicion. She clears her throat and continues.

Angelia: Let's start with their methods. They drew our attention using the crime scene.

Angelia: The broken chair leg, the messy footprints, the towel soaked with anesthetic...

Angelia: These were just decoys. The culprit destroyed the object that truly mattered.

Hopps: What object?

Angelia: The housemother's final confession.

Krone: Confession?

Angelia: Good thing I came across this medal she left behind.

Ange reveals the cross-shaped medal she found in Lillian's doll. It flashes black and crimson under the lights.

Angelia: This is an Iron Cross—a military decoration reintroduced by the former German Federation during the war and an insignia of the GIP.

Angelia: Many members of the organization are retired veterans, so those terrorists tend to identify themselves and each other using this medal.

Angelia: I believe it was no coincidence that the housemother was in possession of an Iron Cross. There is a GIP spy in this orphanage.

Krone: The GIP?!

Krone: You mean the terrorist organization?

Angelia: Exactly. There is a terrorist among you who has no business being in a philanthropic orphanage.

Angelia: Isn't that right, Mr. André?

André: !!!

Angelia: You may have destroyed the housemother's confession, but it's only a matter of time that we restore it after further investigation.

André: I don't know what you're talking about!

André: Are you accusing me of murder?

Angelia: No, as I said, the housemother wasn't murdered.

Angelia: But that doesn't mean you aren't a cold-blooded killer either.

André: I'm just an ordinary security guard...!

Angelia: Are you?

Angelia: You were no ordinary security guard when you went for my subordinate.

André: !!

Angelia: You managed to sneak up on her unnoticed—that's pretty impressive.

Angelia: You kept trying to blame this on refugees, but I gather you've already rounded up and killed all the refugees in the area.

Angelia: All those remains in the air-raid shelter must've been your handiwork, eh?

André: I honestly have no idea what this is all about! Can you even prove I had anything to do with what happened to your subordinate?

Angelia: She would've kicked the bucket if she were human.

Angelia: Unfortunately for you, she isn't, in fact, human, and you left your fingerprints all over her face.

Angelia: Make sure you know the difference between a human and a Doll next time you decide to attack one.

André: Tsk...!

Angelia: Got nothing else to say? Hands in the air—

André: —!

André suddenly draws a pistol and fires at Ange.

Much to everyone's surprise, Adam, who is standing closest to Ange, throws himself on her with unbelievable speed.

The bullet passes through where Ange was standing. Hopps immediately draws his own weapon and shoots André in the head, killing him instantly.

Angelia: So it really was you, J.

Angelia: I didn't know you were into playing dress-up.

J: Am I so handsome that no disguise can hide my charm?

Angelia: You prattled too much with Lucia. Thought no one would notice, did you?

J: I dropped the hint on purpose.

J: But you, big oaf! What the hell is wrong with you? I infiltrated this place and spent over a month undercover just to gain that GIP bastard's trust.

J: Do you have any idea how much effort it has taken the Stasi to uncover this lead?

Angelia: So you were working two jobs at the same time?

Hopps: Frau Ange's safety is my priority.

Angelia: Why, thank you.

Ange pushes J aside and scrambles to her feet.

She rummages through André's bloody clothes and pulls out another Iron Cross.

Angelia: He's been holding onto his.

Angelia: So it really was him. Sadly, he can't tell us anything now.

The police has the orphanage completely cordoned off.

Vehicles dispatched by the Stasi soon also arrive at the scene.

The other staff have been brought into the hall while Ange's company keep an eye on Krone and the frightened children on the second floor.

RPK-16: We've found Antje. She's fine.

RPK-16: But she did pick up a very interesting stench while she was in that hole. It probably won't come off even if she spends a whole night in the shower.

RPK-16: Bluffing him with his fingerprints when Antje was still trapped underground?

RPK-16: Very well played.

Angelia: Likewise.

Angelia: Run a full diagnostic on her. We have more to do tomorrow.

RPK-16: Always the slave driver.

RPK-16: But I'm afraid "Captain" Lucia won't let me do the honors.

Angelia: Just run the diagnostic and stand by. We'll be going soon.

There's a light knock on the door and J enters the room.

He has shed his disguise and returned to his usual appearance.

Angelia: Where's Hopps?

J: Being questioned by the police. You may be sent by PECMAR, but the proper procedures must still be observed.

Angelia: Proper procedures...?

Angelia: These cops with greasy palms had better not cover up the whole thing once we're gone.

J: Nonsense. The Stasi is involved in this case, you know.

Angelia: Since the Stasi is involved, why didn't you just bust this GIP den?

J: We're the Stasi, not your regular flatfoots.

J: There's no point in capturing a peon. Surely I don't need to explain that to you.

J: (Sighs) Why are you always so eager to ruin my cases?

Angelia: How long has the Stasi been preparing for this sting operation?

J: About half a year. We were hoping I could make my way into their mid-level cadre.

J: I've already told Frau Lucia all the inconsequential details of my story.

J: I've even got my hands on the delivery man and I would've soon got to the bottom of this.

J: But then you lot came charging in, and here we are, in the middle of this mess.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Why did you enter the housemother's office at the risk of contaminating the scene?

J: I hid my voice recorder in that clock.

J: This orphanage may look pretty run-down, but the EM protection is top-tier.

J: All camera and bug signals are jammed. I'm guessing those in the GIP don't want any evidence to go on record.

J: While you were all busy fooling around, I saw André scurrying out of the trashed office.

J: After he left, I retrieved the recorder to see what really happened inside the office.

Angelia: Can I listen to the recording?

J: It's mostly the housemother telling Lillian stories in the first part, and I doubt you'd be interested in her shuffling about shortly before she died.

J: This is what you're after, isn't it?

André's Voice: Dammit, why now?!

André's Voice: I can't believe you'd betray us, but I won't let you get away with it!

It thunders just as the clock on the wall strikes the hour and starts chiming.

Angelia: The time checks out. This confirms my hypothesis.

Morridow: Now I'm confused... So did André kill the housemother?

Angelia: Weren't you listening? The housemother committed suicide.

Morridow: Then why did André suddenly try to shoot you...?

Angelia: Because he knew I saw through his ploy.

Morridow: What on earth does that even mean...?

Angelia: Read the housemother's letter.

Ange brings up a document on her tablet and shows it to Morridow.

Morridow: "Dear Frau Angelia, I am Isabelle, Housemother of Berle Orphanage.

Morridow: "I initially established this orphanage to make ends meet for myself, but as I got to know these children better, I became more and more determined to extend a helping hand to people who are not so fortunate.

Morridow: "Times are hard and keeping this institution running is extremely challenging. To safeguard the children's happiness, I have done something unforgivable to some of them.

Morridow: "I knew that Herr Powell is a member of the German Independence Party, but he made me an offer I simply could not refuse.

Morridow: "He told me that someone in high society would like to take custody of a few exceptional children. In return, they would make very generous donations that would keep the orphanage afloat.

Morridow: "Just as I thought I had secured all the children's happiness, I saw the corpses of the ones whom I had handpicked for adoption.

Morridow: "I realized that it was all a lie. If wealthy families wanted to adopt children, why would they be carried out in boxes?

Morridow: "I tried to report them to the authorities, but everyone, even the police, has been bought off. I am under constant surveillance as I helplessly watch the children disappear one after the other.

Morridow: "At this rate, the same fate will befall all the children here, and it will be my ignorance and stupidity that sends them to their deaths.

Morridow: "I am in a whirlpool that I cannot escape. My only option is to pay for my sins with my life. I hope my death will shed light on the wicked crimes that have been committed in this orphanage.

Morridow: "I beg you to protect the remaining children. It may be impertinent of me to ask this favor of you even though we have never met, please do forgive me."

Angelia: Do you understand now?

Morridow: So...the housemother only killed herself because we were coming?

Angelia: She said it in the letter. She had no other way of getting out of her predicament, so she pinned all her hopes on us.

Morridow: But didn't you say André had destroyed her confession? Then what is this...?

Angelia: The housemother was going to take her own life before we arrived, but it then occurred to her that someone might dispose of her letter, so she wrote another copy and sewed it into Lillian's doll. We only notified her shortly before our visit, which didn't give her much time to plan everything out carefully.

Angelia: But she must have been living in constant fear and anguish to have the resolve to give her life in exchange for the children's safety.

Angelia: Poor woman...

Morridow: So she left another copy of her letter...

Angelia: Yeah, good thing she took this precaution. Otherwise, the unexpected turn of events would have made it possible for the culprit to get away.

Morridow: Unexpected...turn of events?

Angelia: The fact that we showed up an hour late.

Angelia: The housemother was under surveillance 24/7; she had to time her suicide very carefully so that her plan wouldn't be discovered too soon by the people watching her.

Angelia: Lillian left her office at 8; the housemother was still alive then.

Angelia: She was planning to make her move shortly before our appointment to make sure no one could tamper with the scene.

Angelia: Unfortunately, we were delayed by an hour because of the storm and the traffic.

Angelia: According to J's recording, André found out that the housemother had killed herself at 9, but we were almost here already.

Angelia: To destroy all evidence before we arrived, he laid a few false trails at the scene.

Angelia: If it hadn't been for my DEFY Dolls, I wouldn't have figured out the truth so soon or identified the mole before the police got here.

Angelia: If the housemother was right and the police has been bought off by the GIP, then they will surely write this case off as a simple robbery.

Angelia: And once we're gone, the child trafficking operation will once again become obscured.

Angelia: The housemother will have died for nothing.

Morridow: I will report this to the chairwoman and she will put the police department from another region onto this case.

Morridow: But what's the deal with the remains in that underground air-raid shelter?

Angelia: The GIP hates refugees with a vengeance. I'm guessing André often busied himself with "cleaning up" the homeless refugees in the area.

Angelia: The small skeletons were probably children who suffocated in the boxes and their bodies just got dumped there.

Angelia: The housemother must've discovered them, and that's why she was so determined to expose the GIP.

Morridow: This is...outrageous...

Angelia: This place is too dangerous. The children cannot stay.

Angelia: I've got to hand it to the housemother. She must've known that with us at the scene, even these dirty cops can't do anything out of line.

Angelia: We can get the children out of here right under the GIP's nose.

Angelia: This was the best she could do as a show of defiance.

Morridow: I will get in touch with other orphanages and arrange for them to take in these children.

Morridow: Turning an orphanage into a child-trafficking den... Absolutely unforgivable.

Angelia: The world is rife with unforgivable sins.

Angelia: That's why people need to come forward and fight back, but that often comes at a heavy price. Sometimes at the cost of one's own life.

Hopps: Frauen, the police is done with us. We may return.

Angelia: Good, then let's go, Morridow.

Morridow: Oh, okay!

Ange suddenly stops when she gets to the door.

Morridow: What's the matter?

Angelia: Wait for me in the car. I need to talk to J about something.

Morridow: Uh...sure.

Morridow: Hopps, let's go.

Ange watches Hopps and Morridow leave the room and closes the door behind them. Then she turns around and faces J.

J looks expectantly at Ange, waiting for her questions.

Angelia: J, what can we learn from the information we have?

Angelia: Where were the missing children sent to?

J: We have been aware of what the housemother tried to expose for some time, but we haven't been able to get much out of Adam or the invoices.

J: Otherwise, I wouldn't have had to go undercover for so long.

Angelia: What if I give you this?

J: Is that...a bank account?

J: The real Adam's?

J: Understood. I'll get my people to look into it. We didn't find out about this account while investigating Adam.

J: Where did you find this?

Angelia: This is the actual, valuable lead that the housemother has left us in Lillian's doll.

J: Huh? Didn't you say she stuff her final letter inside the doll?

Angelia: Lucia recreated the letter by brushing over the writing imprint in the housemother's notebook with a pencil.

Angelia: There was never a second copy of the letter.

J: Then why did you...

Angelia: The housemother only wrote that letter as a decoy. What she really wanted us to find is this.

J: We should be able to learn a lot by cross-referencing the transaction records of this account with the invoices we found. I'll get on it.

Angelia: I'm counting on you.

Angelia: But I've got to remind you - the housemother went to such great lengths to maintain secrecy because she knew her enemy was close.

J: You mean...

Angelia: Like her, our common enemy could be right by our side. Some things are best kept on a need-to-know basis.

Angelia: I still don't trust you Stasi folks too much, but since you're in the same unit as K, I suppose that makes you more reliable than the rest of them.

Angelia: Once our target is confirmed, I want you with us.

J: Are you sure? I can request for more people from my superior.

Angelia: You know what my concern is. I need you to make sure there aren't any traitors in your ranks.

J: ...

J: I'll make the arrangements. Wait for my call.

Outside the refugee settlement.

J, who is dozing off against his car window, suddenly feels something ice cold pressed onto his face.

J: ...Who's that?!

Morridow: Pfft, you're sleeping just like that in the car? That's very careless~

J: M...Morridow?

J: How did you spot me?

Morridow: You stopped your car right on the roadside.

J: But it's disguised...

J: Uh, so you're also here with Ange? I thought...

Morridow: That we got left behind?

Morridow: No way we could let that happen. The chairwoman ordered us to keep Frau Ange safe, we can't possibly let her walk into danger on her own.

J: Somehow it feels more dangerous to have you along...

Morridow: Ha-ha, very funny. I'm a pro, you know?!

Morridow: Besides, Hopps is also with us. He'll make sure we're safe.

J: That big oaf... Are you sure he can handle this...?

Morridow: I mean, he used to be in the GSG 9. That sounds very reassuring.

Morridow: You, on the other hand, doesn't strike me as a special agent at all.

J: That's just a job. I don't want to turn into a boring stuffed-shirt with a poker face like that dude.

Morridow: You mean Herr Schwaben?

Morridow: I think he looks much more like a proper agent, don't you agree?

J: If an agent is instantly recognizable as an agent, he might as well be a dead man.

Morridow: Oooh~ Should I relay your friendly advice to a certain Herr Poker Face?

J: Ahem, forget about Herr Poker Face. Why don't we talk about something more interesting?

Morridow: More interesting?

J: I've come across a lot of girls in my work, but I've never seen anyone as cute as you.

J: Why don't we go out for dinner after this is all over, eh?

Morridow: Do your job and I might just think about it.

Morridow: Here, your iced coffee.

J: Thanks. Hm, not bad.

Morridow: Hope that woke you up. Alright, let's get to the rendezvous point.

J: Where are the others?

Morridow points toward the end of the road. Ange and Hopps are having a conversation on the sidewalk while Task Force DEFY are standing guard around them.

Situated ahead of the group is a wall that seems to extend endlessly over the horizon.

J gets out of his sedan and follows Morridow to join Ange's company.

J: ...Ahem, Guten Morgen~

Angelia: You were a good five minutes late.

Angelia: I thought you weren't coming after all.

J: Nonsense. The operation wouldn't go smoothly without me.

J: But if I remember correctly, didn't you say you were going at it alone this time?

Angelia: That was the plan, but the moment I left the building, these two have been stuck to my ass.

Hopps: Frau Angelia, please do not try to leave the safe house using unconventional methods.

Hopps: We are under Chairwoman Ulrich's strictest orders to ensure your personal safety. Do not make our job any more difficult than it already is.

Morridow: Ahaha...

Morridow: Hear, hear. The chairwoman would have my head if you'd managed to shake us off.

Morridow: Besides, my assistance is essential when it comes to coordinating multiple departments.

Angelia: Well, you heard them.

J: Fine, very convincing.

J: So are you guys fully prepared?

Angelia: It's just a simple capture mission. Are you certain this Powell is still inside the Bremen Refugee Settlement?

J: I accessed the security records here.

J: There was records of him entering the settlement yesterday but no records of him exiting. If nothing goes wrong, he should still be inside.

J: However, this man never uses a communicator and often changes the time and location for his meetings.

J: It'll not be easy to find him in such a huge settlement.

Angelia: As long as he is still within the wall, we'll definitely find him.

Angelia: All clues from both Paradeus and other sources point towards this man.

Angelia: But please tell me there's no chance he could leave the settlement through some kind of secret passage.

J: The concrete wall around the settlement goes five meters beneath the ground. The garrison would've noticed anyone who'd dig a tunnel that deep.

Angelia: I hope you're right.

Angelia: So how do we get in?

J: We've already contacted them and made all the necessary arrangements, including securing permits for the Doll ladies.

Morridow: Oh... Actually, I had a hunch that you would want to enter the settlement, so I've also made preparations.

Angelia: Are the permits so important?

Morridow: These are more than permits; they're also identifications.

Morridow: If you approach the restricted area outside the wall without one, those gun fixtures up there will take you for an outlaw and shoot you full of holes.

Angelia: You Germans are real friendly to refugees.

Morridow: Well...it's necessary for maintaining order.

Morridow: With these permits, the soldiers in there won't give us a hard time, and the refugees won't dare lift a hand against us either.

Morridow: It's a lot safer to carry them.

J: Speaking of safety...

J: Considering the location, this investigation will be considerably riskier than your previous ones.

J: Frau Morridow, I think it'd be better if you wait outside.

Morridow: Huh?

Morridow: That...that won't do!

Morridow: I told you - Chairwoman Ulrich wants me to accompany Frau Ange at all times!

Angelia: Actually, I agree with J.

Angelia: We've only been making visits so far. We've had accidents, but they were still relatively harmless.

Angelia: But it's going to be a capture mission this time, and the risk factors of operating in a refugee camp are very high to begin with.

Angelia: There's a high chance there will be a firefight. We can't take you unless you can at least defend yourself.

Angelia: Do you know how to fire a gun?

Morridow: N-Not really...

Morridow: But the refugee relief organization is funded by the government; I have a few contacts in there!

Morridow: We'll need information to locate this man called Powell.

Morridow: As a government official, it's a lot easier for me to talk to the refugees and get information from them.

Morridow: Otherwise, everyone would want to run the other way if they saw a bunch of scary-looking strangers.

Morridow: Besides, we have an agent from the Stasi with us this time, so there's no reason to worry about me, right, J?

J: Since you have such faith in me...

J: Always at your service, my lady~

Angelia: We won't be dealing with anyone from the refugee relief organization as we can't be sure there are no GIP spies among them.

Angelia: But if you know what you're getting yourself into, then be my guest.

Morridow: Okay, I'll make myself useful!

Ange waves her off and makes her way over to the DEFY Dolls.

Angelia: Girls, all prepped and ready to go?

AK-15: Yes.

RPK-16: Things never go according to plan, do they?

RPK-16: What do you think, Antje?

AN-94: I trust Lucia...

AK-12: Our plans always unravel because of the Dolls that are rolled out after us. Who's going to be the one that messes up, I wonder?

Angelia: Enough. I know you're itching to move.

AK-12: But are you sure this is a good idea?

AK-12: Waltzing into the refugee settlement without any backup?

AK-12: Such slipshod plans aren't your style at all.

Angelia: All our leads got cut off. If we don't start taking a more aggressive approach, we'll have come all this way for nothing but a long-distance vacation.

RPK-16: It's quite ingenious though, isn't it?

RPK-16: The most stupid prey can be lured by the most obvious bait.

RPK-16: It works all the time.

RPK-16: According to ancient philosophy in the Far East, some fish do willingly rise to a fisherman's hook even if there's no bait.

AK-12: Well, let's just hope this won't be the day when the trick doesn't work.

Angelia: We'll only worry about that when it really becomes a problem.

Angelia: Before that, we must get ourselves out of this impasse.

Ange returns to her German associates with Task Force DEFY in tow.

Angelia: Alright, everyone's here.

Angelia: Quick briefing.

Angelia: Our objective is to find the man in charge of delivering orphans in this refugee settlement. He goes by the name "Powell" here.

Angelia: Since he's active in three different zones, we have to intercept him before his next delivery.

Angelia: According to the evidence we have gathered so far, the GIP is currently trafficking children for Paradeus.

Angelia: This man is very likely a liaison and enforcer of the GIP-Paradeus partnership.

Angelia: I need information from him, so he must be captured alive.

J: Oh, there's something I'd like to add.

J: I have personally witnessed what you ladies are capable of, but it's very important to let sleeping dogs lie. Do not make a scene that will attract any attention.

J: It was undoubtedly the GIP that ultimately pushed the housemother to take her own life. If word gets out that we're going after their contact, they might decide to just go ahead and kill him.

J: Also, I followed Ange's instruction and didn't tell any of my colleagues about coming here today to prevent this operation from being leaked. I assume you haven't told anyone either?

Morridow: Frau Ange said only Hopps and I are allowed to come with her. I did guess that we're coming to the refugee settlement, but no, I didn't tell a single soul.

Morridow: Neither did you, Herr Hopps, right?

Hopps: I alone will suffice for the task of protecting Frau Angelia.

J: Then I suppose everyone gets the message.

J: If anything does go wrong, we're really on our own.

Angelia: We'll split up once we're in. Keep a low profile.

Hopps: I'm afraid I'll have to object.

Angelia: Why?

Hopps: If we are all scattered, I cannot guarantee your personal safety.

Hopps: I would never have agreed to this plan had I known you were planning to enter the refugee settlement.

Angelia: I don't need your permission.

Angelia: I doubt you could stop me now even if you want to.

Hopps: I know, that's why I will actively participate in your capture mission. However, I hope you won't take this operation lightly and let down your guard.

Hopps: The refugee settlement is isolated from the rest of the city with a wall and turrets because this place is teeming with criminals of the most nefarious kind.

Hopps: The garrison can only prevent the refugees from stepping foot outside, but maintaining order within the settlement is completely beyond their capability.

Angelia: You seem awfully prejudiced against these refugees.

Hopps: I'm just preparing for the worst.

Hopps: If we end up in a large-scale conflict, it's questionable whether our corpses will ever be found.

Angelia: Is that so? In that case, please keep an eye on Miss Morridow over there once we're inside.

Angelia: She's shaking like a leaf.

Morridow: I...I...I'm not...

Angelia: Still, your warning is duly noted. I will only have my Dolls work separately.

Angelia: But everyone else must obey my command. If you can't do that, now is the time to turn back.

Hopps: ...

Hopps: I will obey.

Angelia: No more questions? Then let's go.
Part 2: Spiderweb

2

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

After a brief conversation with Morridow, the military officer at the checkpoint heads inside the sentry box to make a phone call, all the while observing Ange and co.

The mechanical gate of the refugee settlement soon starts rising slowly.

When the gate is fully open, the speakers inside the wall, which have been silent for a long time, start playing music.

Broadcast: Welcome to the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen! We wish you a pleasant journey!

Angelia: Do they expect us to visit the refugee settlement as tourists?

J: I don't think the PA system has made a peep ever since the wall was built.

Morridow: This is the main gate that leads directly to the city. It's practically impossible for refugees to be granted passage, so this gate has pretty much never been opened.

Morridow: There are very strong objections to integrating refugees into our population. It will take a lot of lengthy discussions for the Volkskammer to reach a consensus, and the issue won't be solved until then.

Hopps: It isn't our issue to solve.

Angelia: So this is why the settlement has degenerated into lawlessness.

Angelia: Lucia.

AK-12: Yes, Ange.

Angelia: Take your team and scout this area quickly. I'm going to make some human friends and see what we're dealing with here.

AK-12: Understood.

The streets look clean enough, but they are lined with dilapidated brick apartment blocks and wooden houses, most of which predate WWIII.

Angelia: It looks pretty bleak.

Morridow: Not many venture out during the day.

Morridow: Most of the residents are unemployed, and there aren't any shops or other entertainment facilities for them to go to.

Morridow: Regular refugees only tend to head outside to collect rations distributed by the government.

Angelia: That makes for a very convenient place for crooks and hustlers to get around.

Angelia: Powell has picked a great place for his business.

Morridow: PECMAR has organized fundraising events and contributed a lot to the reconstruction of the settlement.

Morridow: At least it is now reasonably habitable.

Morridow: This used to be a wasteland with nothing apart from ruins, dirt, and weeds.

Angelia: Really...?

Angelia: That's all well and good, but the way I see it, this is essentially no different than a ghetto.

Morridow: Well, it's a long and gradual process...

Angelia: Long and gradual, eh?

Angelia: You see those people who are avoiding our eyes? Their complexion suggests that they're infected with ELID.

Morridow: Hm...

Ange picks a hand-rolled cigarette butt off the ground and gives it a sniff.

Angelia: Also, they're on drugs.

Morridow: Drugs?

J: Painkillers, psychedelics - drugs that cannot cure their sickness but give them a false sense of comfort.

Ange lowers the cigarette butt and looks around.

A few gaunt and emaciated refugees are glaring at them with malice.

Ange returns their gaze squarely. The group mutter under their breath and retreat deeper into an alley.

Hopps: Why are we stopping?

Angelia: This settlement seems even more dangerous than I expected.

Angelia: Ange flicks the cigarette butt away and cleans her fingers with her handkerchief.

Hopps: Humph, it's just drugs.

Hopps: Hardly surprising in a piss-hole like this.

J: ...Hopps, you sound like a conservative?

Hopps: ...I'm not particularly political.

Hopps: What, you can't put me under investigation just because I'm telling the truth.

J: I wasn't questioning you. The Stasi also takes the refugee issue very seriously. It's natural for people who have lost hope of salvation to turn to other things.

Angelia: I suppose no one's offering any treatment for these people?

Morridow: The Bremen government is very eager to establish a comprehensive healthcare system and provide the required facility and equipment for the refugees.

Morridow: Unfortunately, it is extremely difficult to obtain medical resources outside the White Zone. There is only limited healthcare services even for German citizens.

Morridow: Not to mention the shortage of medical staff.

Morridow: That's why the only thing the government can do for the settlement is to support the efforts of the local refugee relief organizations and give them what little medical supplies we can spare.

Hopps: Even so, the government shouldn't be wasting our tax revenue on places like this.

Angelia: Is that why your superiors have decided to leave these people here to die?

Morridow: It can't be helped...

Morridow: PECMAR has been trying to push a bill to solve the refugee issue, but nobody wants to invest the necessary resources.

Morridow: Before we can secure healthcare and basic welfare for the refugees, a strict quarantine is the best measure we can take at the moment.

Morridow: We can't let the ELID epidemic spread into the city...

Morridow: Even uninfected refugees would require sufficient education and training to integrate into society.

Morridow: In our current situation, we simply do not have the funding or the human resources for that.

Angelia: This settlement is pretty much a microcosm of what's happening in the world.

AN-94: Ange, we're onto something.

Angelia: Go on.

AN-94: We've scanned the relevant areas and detected a target that appears to be Powell.

AN-94: Our analysis on his facial features and gait gives us reason to believe that this is the high-value target we are looking for.

AN-94: The HVT is currently heading towards the Refugee Support Center, which is his rendezvous point according to our intel.

Angelia: Understood. We're coming your way. Tail him from a safe distance. Don't get spotted.

AK-12: We are fairly far away from the HVT.

AK-12: But the refugees nearby are starting to congregate and they don't look too friendly.

Angelia: Stay low... This is just a refugee settlement, but the GIP must have people in here. I'm sure they've already heard of what happened yesterday.

AK-12: You mean they're waiting for us to come?

Angelia: That's exactly what I want.

Angelia: Give me visuals on the target. I need to confirm it.

AN-94: Hold on... You are now synced to my vision.

—Connection established.

An overweight man peers left and right before entering a small alley. He knocks on a door, which opens to let him in, and he disappears from sight.

Farther down the alley, a group of young refugees are beating up a middle-aged man. A ration can rolls out of the paper bag that he is desperately trying to protect. He reaches for the can but one of his attackers pins a foot firmly on his hand.

AN-94: We've lost sight of the HVT, but that man over there...

Angelia: We're not here to do the police's job.

AK-12: We know better than to get sidetracked. It just doesn't sit right with Antje.

AK-12: Renate, can you see the target from your location?

AK-12: He's in our blind spot.

RPK-16: We have our eyes firmly on him.

RPK-16: Ah, it's absolutely delightful to see him so flustered.

AK-12: Enjoy the view.

AK-12: Antje, we're switching locations.

AN-94: Roger.

Angelia: Lucia and the others have spotted Powell. He is on his way to the Refugee Support Center.

J: That was quick!

J: Our recon people could really take a page out of the Doll ladies' book.

Hopps: Ready your weapons. The GIP may show themselves.

Hopps: They will not be giving us a warm welcome.

Angelia: No, they're already here.

Following Ange's gaze, her associates notice a group of people heading their way. They appear as physically unkempt as the other refugees, but they hold themselves in a completely different way.

Angelia: These people mean business.

Hopps: Unfriendly business.

Angelia: Keep moving and maintain a safe distance.

Morridow: Huh?!

Morridow: Who are they?

Morridow: What do they want?

J: They don't look like local gangsters. Their tailing method reminds me more of plainclothes.

J: In any case, they're definitely not here to welcome us, though I certainly didn't expect an attack so soon.

Angelia: Aren't they your friends?

J: My friends?

J: I have no such friends. The Stasi and the Polizei don't really see eye to eye.

J: But one thing's for sure⁠—I'm the only one the Stasi sent.

Hopps: There are many who have a stake in the refugee settlement. We are being watched by multiple factions.

Hopps: Someone might have decided to intervene to protect their own interests.

Angelia: Humph... Interests...

Angelia: Lucia, we're being stalked. Track them down.

AK-12: Piece of cake. Their disguise is pretty flimsy.

AK-12: What should we do with them? Do we engage?

Angelia: I don't want to cause a commotion if I can help it, but I don't think they really care.

AK-12: Judging by the way they're moving, they're definitely armed.

Angelia: We can't afford to be bogged down here.

Angelia: Renate, keep pursuing the HVT. Antje, get to a rooftop and watch the surroundings.

Angelia: Lucia, go and help out that poor fellow.

AK-12: Ha... Another good deed of the day?

Angelia: Yep, we are the good guys, after all.

By the time Ange gets off the comms, their pursuers have already closed the distance between them.

Both J and Hopps move their hands toward their concealed weapons and look at Ange for instructions.

J: What's the plan?

Angelia: We split up at the alley up ahead to scatter them. DEFY will then pick them off.

Angelia: Morridow, we're going this way.

Morridow: Huh? Do we really have to split up?

J: What a shame. Guess I'll team up with the big burly man then.

Hopps: ...

Ange puts her arm around Morridow and guides her down a small path while J and Hopps turn the other way and enter a different alley.

The "refugees" follow suit. They stop at the junction uncertainly. After a brief discussion, they also break into two teams.

Ange glances in J and Hopp's direction. As she expected, some of their pursuers have splintered off to follow them.

Only three are still on Ange and Morridow's trail; they probably think the women would be easy pickings.

AK-12: I'm in position.

Angelia: Make it clean.

AK-12: There are only three of them. Don't insult me.

With Morridow in tow, Ange suddenly darts into the alley. She picks up a piece of brick from the ground when she's temporarily out of the enemies' sight.

At the end of the alley, the group of young refugees have already seized the middle-aged man's paper bag. Ange watches as they take pleasure in tormenting their victim, who is curled up on the ground.

Angelia: Ten seconds.

AK-12: Copy that.

Morridow: What...what are you planning to do?

Angelia: ...Hush.

Angelia: Stay close.

With brick in hand, Ange starts walking towards the group of thugs.

Completely engrossed in pulverizing their victim, the young men remain oblivious to Ange's advance. She raises the piece of brick and bashes it hard into one of the thugs' skull.

The thug lets out a cry and collapses. The others immediately straighten up and turn around to confront the attacker.

Meanwhile, Ange has already dragged Morridow out of their sight. All they see are the "refugees" who have come running this way upon hearing that yelp of pain.

These "refugees" have no idea what has transpired mere seconds ago, but when the young men come charging at them with knives unsheathed, they realize they're in danger and immediately draw their pistols.

The thugs freeze at the sight of the firearms, while the "refugees" also hesitate bemusedly at the sudden turn of events.

Before the "refugees" can figure out the situation, AK-12 suddenly leaps down from the rooftop and lands behind the last man in the file. Using her momentum, she jabs him in the back of the neck.

The man crumples to the ground in a heap. His two associates realize immediately that this is a trap, but just as they are about to turn around, AK-12 punches one of them squarely in the jaw.

The other tries to take aim at her, so she grabs the man with the recently-broken jaw by the arm and flings him into the one still with the pistol. As he loses his balance, AK-12 strikes him in the wrist. His grip loosens out of pain and the pistol falls onto the ground with a clatter.

Finally, she gives him a shove, giving her the space to execute a roundhouse kick, which sends the last "refugee" and his friends all hurtling into the back alley bins, rendering them unconscious.

AK-12: Voilà.

Morridow: That was insanely fast!

Angelia: Check their stuff.

AK-12 nods and starts rummaging through their pockets.

Ange picks up their weapons and removes the magazines, then she dismantles the pistols and tosses the parts into the bins.

She shoves the loaded magazines into Morridow's bag, while the latter is still in a daze.

Everything happened too quickly. The thugs, knives still in hand, are still trying to wrap their heads around what just happened.

AK-12 simply shoots them a glance. They immediately give a start and scramble away in fright.

The middle-aged man huddling on the ground once again hears footsteps approaching. He looks up and sees a woman dressed in a black suit place a ration can that has rolled off right in front of him.

Without any word of gratitude, the shell-shocked man grabs the can and takes off running.
Part 3: House of Cards

3

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

...Residence of Chairwoman Ulrich, Bremen.

Ulrich: I'm afraid I don't understand, Herr Bürgermeister. Are you saying I'm to undergo individual interrogation?

Mayor of Bremen: It's not as serious as it sounds, Frau Ulrich.

Mayor of Bremen: It's just a standard procedure. After all, everyone is watching the "Good Samaritan" of Bremen with keen interest, and it was you who facilitated her entry into the city.

Mayor of Bremen: I'm sure that many others are wondering where your loyalties lie.

Ulrich: What exactly is that supposed to mean? I am absolutely loyal to my country, my party, as well as my people.

Ulrich: Those words didn't come from you. Who is it that's questioning my loyalties? The city of Bremen? The Volkskammer? The Socialist Unity Party? Or is it someone in Pankow?

Ulrich: If the party suspects treachery on my part, I demand that they immediately remove me from office and hand me over to the Ministry for State Security for investigation.

Ulrich: Herr Erich Meyer, Vice-Chief of the Stasi, happens to be the one who put me on this case to begin with. You could ask him to take me away.

Mayor of Bremen: No, no, that's not what I mean.

Mayor of Bremen: There is no need to trouble Herr Meyer over such a trivial matter. It really is not as serious as you think.

Ulrich: Then please explain yourself.

Mayor of Bremen: The Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction has been extremely generous in your aid of our government, we know that.

Mayor of Bremen: However, when running a city, it is essential to adhere to its actual jurisdictional administration. It isn't wise to overstep one's authority.

Ulrich: Of course. I will make sure my subordinate exercises restraint in her actions.

Mayor of Bremen: Will you?

Mayor of Bremen: But from what I know, the "Good Samaritan" has already made her way into the refugee settlement, isn't that right?

Ulrich: And? Does that inconvenience you in any way?

Mayor of Bremen: Hm, it is not my intention to bypass you or the Stasi to interfere with your friend's business.

Mayor of Bremen: To be honest, a number of long-standing problems have been solved beautifully with her help.

Mayor of Bremen: However, unlike the few storms she's kicked up before, meddling with the refugee settlement is a lot more problematic.

Ulrich: I do not understand. Does the Bremen government have some kind of secret in there?

Mayor of Bremen: I'll give it to you straight.

Mayor of Bremen: Nobody wants to have anything to do with that place, but nobody wants something bad to happen there either.

Mayor of Bremen: I know you are Rossartrists, but you can't be so idealistic about everything.

Mayor of Bremen: That settlement is like a pustule, Frau Ulrich. I hope you will refrain from popping it and splashing dirty pus everywhere.

Mayor of Bremen: Especially when we all desperately need to keep up appearances.

Ulrich: A pustule? That's a bit of an understatement from what I know...

Mayor of Bremen: No, you have no idea what you're dealing with. It's a lot worse than any of us can imagine.

Mayor of Bremen: No matter how many resources PECMAR pours into the settlement, that place is a bottomless pit that can never be filled.

Mayor of Bremen: You will never understand the difficulties faced by those who are doing the actual work. We are responsible for a lot more people than the refugees in there. Everything costs money these days.

Mayor of Bremen: It's simply impossible to achieve the results you desire with finite resources.

Mayor of Bremen: It's hard enough to preserve the status quo within the settlement.

Mayor of Bremen: It takes a certain amount of self-governance to keep that place from falling apart, and there just so happens to be someone who's providing said "governance", in a manner of speaking.

Mayor of Bremen: I know their methods are underhanded, and the government certainly wishes someone of less dubious nature could do the job, but they're a necessary evil.

Ulrich: So you're asking that the Soviets refrain from crossing a certain line and causing all hell to break loose in the settlement?

Mayor of Bremen: We are both civilized people. We both know how certain things need to be handled.

Mayor of Bremen: I deeply appreciate the contributions your friends have made to the development of Bremen. I'm sure their presence will drive the city to a better future.

Mayor of Bremen: But I've also heard some rumors that if something comes to pass, the pledge that Bremen has made to Berlin will be undermined.

Mayor of Bremen: This concerns the unity of our nation and could threaten to shatter the hard-earned trust in the post-war era.

Mayor of Bremen: As you've said yourself, people in Pankow would be greatly displeased.

Ulrich: ...

Ulrich: You're absolutely right, we need to trust each other now more than ever in the aftermath of the war. I completely understand your concern.

Ulrich: Protecting our country's interests is our common goal, so I will do whatever I can for this noble cause.

Mayor of Bremen: Thank you for everything you have done for Bremen and for our country.

...

Morridow: The mayor actually said that?

Ulrich: Morridow, what's the situation over there?

Morridow: We just entered the refugee camp. Things have been going well so far...

Ulrich: Hm, I trust Ange will have no problem keeping things under control.

Ulrich: Your presence should also help stabilize the situation, but right now, we can't be certain of anything.

Ulrich: If the settlement erupts into chaos, make your safety the priority.

Morridow: ...Understood, Frau Ulrich.

Morridow: Frau Ange is a real pro. She's been neutralizing all kinds of threats very skillfully throughout her investigations.

Morridow: However, she is hellbent on capturing the child trafficker in the settlement. No matter how cautious we try to be, I'm afraid a commotion is inevitable.

Ulrich: You've been working by my side for too long. We only ever see the good side of things—the deceptive façade—because we have little to no real-world experience.

Ulrich: I didn't tell you about the conversation I had with the mayor to put a stop to your operation. I just want you to know that the path to even the slightest bit of progress is always long and winding, and sometimes, the price for progress is far beyond what you can imagine.

Ulrich: Our goal is to build a world of peace. Before we have peace, we must experience the cruelty of war.

Morridow: Yes, Frau Ulrich, I will do my utmost best.

Ulrich: Whatever the outcome of this capture operation, tell Ange to get in touch with me once you leave the settlement.

Ulrich: There are certain matters that we can attend to only after this is over.

...

Angelia: How are things on your end?

Hopps: We're done.

Hopps: These folks weren't half bad. They've had formal training.

J: Pretty much on the same level as professional soldiers. Nothing we can't handle though.

Angelia: We have no time to waste on these people. We must hurry and find Powell.

AK-12: Ange, take a look at this.

Lucia hands Ange an ID she has found while searching the "refugees". It bears the insignia of the Mobile Einsatzkommando.

Morridow: Police from the MEK?

Morridow: So it wasn't the GIP?

Morridow: Then why were they following us?

Angelia: IDs can be falsified, but this insignia is the real deal.

Angelia: Also, just because they're police doesn't mean they don't work for the GIP.

Angelia: Looks like corruption runs a lot deeper in the local public service than we first imagined.

J: Save me your schadenfreude. This is exactly why we're needed for the job.

AN-94: Ange, enemy reinforcements are heading this way.

Angelia: Got it. We're getting out of here.

A group of people rush toward the alley. Ange pulls Morridow further down the passageway.

AK-12 turns into another alley and disappears.

Their new pursuers stop to examine the unconscious MEK officers and report their findings through the comms while cautiously keeping an eye on their surroundings.

In the end, probably intimidated by their enemies' strength, they decide to give up the chase and withdraw with their unconscious colleagues.

AK-12: The cops have left the alley.

Angelia: They gave up then. Smart choice.

Angelia: Alright. Renate, sit rep.

RPK-16: The HVT has entered the Refugee Support Center indicated on our map. It looks like a church.

RPK-16: I'm detecting multiple human bio signs on the second floor. He's not alone.

Angelia: Seal off the back door. Don't let them escape.

Angelia: J, Hopps, do you copy?

J: What do you need?

Angelia: The HVT's location has been confirmed. He's in the Refugee Support Center. You two approach from the southeast and I'll enter the church from the northwest. DEFY will cut them off.

Angelia: Don't give yourselves away. We need this guy alive.

J: I can handle that, but make sure you don't beat him to death, big oaf.

Hopps: I will capture this man myself.

Angelia: Lucia, watch the front entrance. Don't let anyone out.

AK-12: Are you sure about this?

AK-12: The capture will likely go better if you leave that to us.

Angelia: You need to secure the perimeter of the church. Compared to Powell, I'm more worried about the cops of questionable allegiance.

AK-12: Understood.

AK-12: We've lost our stalkers, but the refugees nearby have started gathering this way. This doesn't look entirely natural.

Angelia: Aide summoned by the HVT?

AK-12: I'm not sure. They aren't displaying any hostile behavior, but they could be tipping others off about our location.

AK-12: We will try our best to avoid getting spotted as we relocate to a new observation point.

Angelia: Copy that.

Ange drags Morridow along as they dart through alleys and passageways. She can clearly tell that there are more refugees out and about than before.

These people eye the two women quizzically and expectantly.

Angelia: Why are there more and more of them...?

Morridow: It's almost noon. The Refugee Support Center usually gives out food around this time, so the refugees are coming this way.

Angelia: What?

Angelia: Why didn't you tell me something so important?

Morridow: Huh? Is it important?

Morridow: ...You didn't ask.

Angelia: It's not a good idea to snatch someone in broad daylight...

Hopps: Ange, we're to the southeast of the church. Where are you?

Angelia: We're almost in position as well. Stand by where you are.

Ange and Morridow exit the alley and the church that's being used as the Refugee Support Center comes into view.

There aren't that many wandering refugees here, but the two women stick out too much because of their appearance.

Ange was going to leave Morridow outside, but she changes her mind and decides to bring her along.

Angelia: Are you familiar with this building?

Morridow: I...I've been here a few times.

Angelia: Describe its interior.

Morridow: It's a regular lobby on the first floor, converted from the chapel.

Morridow: All the pews have been taken apart for firewood.

Morridow: There are two staircases that lead to the second floor. The office is in the back.

Angelia: Are there any other exits?

Morridow: I think there's a ladder that leads to the cellar, but I don't know where it is...

Angelia: Good. All this information will make the capture much easier.

Morridow: Why are you putting your own life at risk to do this?

Morridow: You have your Doll bodyguards... Isn't it better to let them handle this?

Angelia: They have an even more important job. A good commander should never shove all the dangerous work onto Dolls.

Angelia: Also...don't you trust me?

Morridow: Oh... That's not what I mean.

Angelia: In that case, leave this to me.

Angelia: Don't make a peep and just stay close to me, okay?

Morridow nods uncertainly.

Ange pulls out her pistol and vaults through the window quietly into the building with Morridow.

Angelia: We're in. There are two staircases with access to the second floor. You two take over the one on the other side.

Angelia: I will capture the HVT when the timing is right.

Hopps: None of us knows what's waiting for us in there.

Hopps: Frau Ulrich reminded me once again after learning what happened before that we mustn't let you put yourself in too much danger.

Hopps: Let me take the lead.

Angelia: No, I want to catch that bastard myself.

Angelia: Take control of the staircase on the other end. That's an order.

Hopps: ...Roger.

Ange creeps toward the bottom of the stairs. She gestures for Morridow to remain where she is and starts ascending cautiously.

The thick floorboards creak softy under her slow footsteps. As she gets closer to the second floor, she can clearly overhear someone having a conversation.

...

Male Voice: ...Is my contact still not here?

Male Voice: I'm already being followed!

Male Voice: This isn't what we agreed on!

Ange quietly leans against the wall. Peeking around the corner, she can see the fat man talking on the phone. Four men armed with submachine guns are guarding him.

The high-value target is right in front of Ange, but she patiently waits for the armed guards to turn their backs.

Powell: You lot, watch this place! We're on our own!

Powell: I'm going to find a few genuine friends that can help us!

The men turn towards Powell—here comes her chance!

Just then—

Male Voice: Who's there?!!

All of a sudden, a shout comes from the other end of the corridor, followed by the sound of submachine guns and pistols exchanging fire.

Powell: They...they're here!!

Angelia: Dammit!

The men in the room come charging out. Ange takes out the one in the lead with a clean shot before diving around the corner back to the stairs.

A bullet whizzes past where she was standing a second ago.

The enemies fire continuously at the corner until Ange hears the telltale clicks.

These men have clearly not undergone professional training. They kept strafing aimlessly and emptied their magazines in an instant.

While they are busy fumbling with their new magazines, trying to reload, Ange ducks around the corner and guns down two of them.

Meanwhile, a shot is also fired on the other end, and the last armed enemy is taken out by the man who just made it onto the second floor.

Angelia: Hold your fire! It's me!

Hopps: Where's Powell?

Angelia: He escaped through the cellar. What happened downstairs?!

J: Someone suddenly came up from behind us. He had a gun.

J: We had no choice but to strike first...

Hopps: ...Sorry.

Angelia: Behind you? What rotten luck.

Angelia: J, check the whole room. Make it quick.

J: It's empty. Do we go down the ladder and maintain pursuit?

Angelia: No, unless you want to die.

J: Fine, forget I asked.

AK-12: Watch out, Ange. The refugees outside heard the gunshots and are gathering outside the church.

AK-12: They have the building completely surrounded. I suggest you stay put inside.

Angelia: Crap...

Angelia: Hopps, get Morridow up here.

Angelia: Then lock all the doors and windows.

Hopps: On it.

Hopps: Some refugees tried to break into the lobby. I scared them off with my gun.

Angelia: Make sure no one gets in.

Angelia: If they charge in as a group, we can't hold them off with our armament.

Hopps: I'll do my best.

AK-12: Do you have the HVT?

Angelia: No, the capture failed. The target escaped through the cellar.

Angelia: Renate, can you spot the HVT?

RPK-16: Ange messed up. How unusual.

Angelia: Answer me!

RPK-16: I'll try to find him, but the refugees around us are getting uncomfortably close.

RPK-16: Permission to intimidate them with our weapons?

Angelia: Permission granted, but don't fire unless you absolutely have to.

RPK-16: We will respond in an appropriately friendly manner.

RPK-16: Still, the refugees around the church are getting rowdy. They seem very angry about the lack of rations today.

RPK-16: If they get their hands on you, they'll probably make a delicious lunch out of you.

Angelia: Thanks for the warning. Capture the HVT and bring him to the church.

Angelia: I will hunker down here with these bumbling dunces. This will also be our extraction point.

Angelia: Take Erwin with you. Lucia and Antje, keep the situation outside under control.

AK-12: Copy that.

RPK-16: Didn't you just give a grand speech about not exploiting Dolls? Now you're leaving the nastiest job to us.

Angelia: Oh please, I know you enjoy it.

RPK-16: By the way, Powell just has to be alive when I bring him to you, right?

Angelia: I have no complaints as long as he can speak. Otherwise, do as you please.

RPK-16: Hahaha... I was hoping you'd say that.

Angelia: J, what have you found?

J: Powell's ledger, contact list, and memo pad.

J: I'm sure these will help us dig up a bunch of people.

J: Hard to believe he has all this important evidence just lying around in the room.

Angelia: He probably didn't expect anyone to take down his meat shields and gatecrash his den.

J: True, bulldozers like you aren't too common...

J: You really are made of sterner stuff to have made it out alive of that submarine base.

J: Don't look at me like that, the entire Stasi knows about your daring escapade with K.

RPK-16: Ange, we've once again located the HVT.

RPK-16: He has emerged in the residential area and is moving south.

RPK-16: He is taking cover among a group of refugees, and the ones around us are getting restless.

RPK-16: I don't think they want us to be snooping around.

RPK-16: Erwin, give them a glimpse of your combat knife.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Okay, they now have no problem with our snooping around.

RPK-16: But we'd better be on our way. Lucia, do you have visuals on the HVT's location?

AK-12: One moment, establishing visual link.

AK-12: Right, that's him. We'll keep observing the HVT. You now have his real-time coordinates.

AK-12: You'd better hurry. I have a feeling that things are going to get worse the longer this drags on.

RPK-16: Understood. Finally, we can take credit for a capture.

RPK-16: It was always you who got all the glory. Erwin isn't too pleased about that.

AK-12: You mean YOU are not too pleased about that. As if Erwin would care about this kind of thing.

Hopps: Ange, can your Doll squad come and give us some support?

Angelia: I've left two nearby outside the church; the other pair are pursuing Powell.

Angelia: He's heading south and the refugees are covering his escape.

J: I thought Powell was an undesirable figure here, but the opposite seems to be true?

Hopps: He must be pretty influential among the locals to be able to buy off the police.

Hopps: If the refugees are also doing his bidding, it's too dangerous to move here.

Hopps: We'd better get some reinforcements.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Agreed.

Angelia: J, we need a helicopter.

Angelia: Once DEFY has the HVT, they'll retreat to this location. Then we'll take our cargo up to the roof and get out of here.

J: Now? I'll have to run this past my superior.

Angelia: You can't even authorize a chopper lift?

Morridow: Let me contact the chairwoman!

Morridow: PECMAR's aircrafts have airspace clearance. They are ready to fly anytime!

J: My rank and authority aren't the issue here. Unlike you Soviets, our state security department doesn't have its own military force.

J: It's difficult to arrange for such things without prior preparation.

Angelia: Tsk... I'm starting to miss the pal who can randomly send me a helicopter with 25 T-Dolls.

J: We are in the heart of a well-populated city. Please don't turn this place into a second Belgrade... K said he'll bring backup ASAP.

Angelia: Fine. Let's hope he'll be on time for once. We must hold this church until DEFY completes the capture.

Angelia: If the refugees manage to get through, none of us will live to see the sun rise tomorrow.
Part 4: Animal Chess

4

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

RPK-16: That was really interesting, wasn't it?

...Zone A, Refugee Settlement.

AK-15: What?

RPK-16: The broadcast. And the refugees here. Neither is making us feel very welcome.

The refugees are openly hostile to well-dressed people who obviously don't belong here.

Ever since RPK-16 and AK-15 have entered the residential area, the people here have been giving them dirty looks. Some even spat at them belligerently.

AK-15: They are not armed.

AK-15: Simple acts of provocation driven by extreme animosity are no threat to us.

RPK-16: Humans have a tendency of dividing themselves into different classes and they love finding ways to feel superior.

RPK-16: From a Doll's point of view, this kind of self-deception is quite amusing.

RPK-16: I wonder how they would react if we demonstrate the fact that they are actually inferior?

AK-15: That is not part of the mission.

RPK-16 snatches up a few items of clothing that some refugees have left out to dry as she walks down the street. She hands AK-15 a coat.

RPK-16: We can add to our itinerary, like, right now.

RPK-16: I believe at least two wannabe-hunters want to experience what it feels to be hunted.

AK-15: Are we being followed already?

RPK-16: Yes, but they're not particularly skilled, just like the ones that latched onto Ange when we first arrived.

RPK-16: I was hoping someone would show a bit more finesse, but so far I've only been disappointed.

RPK-16: Isn't that kind of demotivating?

AK-15: You're right, I see them. I've tapped into their comms link. Sharing audio with you.

RPK-16: Looks like there's more than two of them.

RPK-16: Well, it's only polite to bag them all.

AK-15: Ange told us to avoid firing our weapons.

RPK-16: My dear, firing our weapons isn't the only way to eliminate our enemies.

RPK-16: "Elimination" is just the result. What matters is how we define the process.

AK-15: What are you planning to do?

RPK-16 reveals a few black cubes.

RPK-16: Camouflage yourself.

RPK-16: Then let's have some fun "fishing".

...

Armed Agent A: Targets spotted again. They're exiting a house.

Armed Agent A: Squad A is tailing them.

Plainclothes Commander: Copy that. Squad B is right behind you, ready to outflank the two Dolls.

Plainclothes Commander: Note that these are not your run-of-the-mill Tactical Dolls. They've already taken out two of our teams. Exercise extreme caution.

Plainclothes Commander: They have disguised themselves with clothing of local refugees. Observe their physique and don't lose them.

Armed Agent A: Understood. Squad A has stun guns at the ready. We can attack as soon as we come into contact with the targets.

Armed Agent B: Are you sure about using non-lethal weapons?

Armed Agent B: They are a lot more dangerous than we first expected.

Plainclothes Commander: Whoever gets tased by a stun gun is knocked right out, be them human or Doll.

Plainclothes Commander: Besides, these Dolls participated in the operation at that submarine base. The intel in their neural clouds is worth much more than your heads.

Armed Agent A: Don't worry.

Armed Agent A: We've pinpointed their signals. We have the initiative.

Armed Agent B: Alright, we'll pick up the pace and get to the next junction. Then we can launch a pincer attack with Squad A.

Armed Agent B: Humph, they're still pursuing Powell doggedly. They have no idea that the guy is just bait.

Armed Agent A: The targets are moving steadily towards their objective. They haven't caught sight of us.

Armed Agent A: We are now hidden in the crowd. Squad A is 15 meters away from the Dolls.

Armed Agent B: It's only two Dolls.

Armed Agent B: Maintain your current speed. We can proceed once everyone is in position.

Plainclothes Commander: Attention Squad A, the targets have split up.

Plainclothes Commander: They are now moving in opposite directions.

Armed Agent A: Using the same trick again?

Armed Agent A: We're not falling for it this time.

Plainclothes Commander: Something's wrong. One of them is heading towards you!

Armed Agent A: That's perfect. We can do them in ahead of schedule.

Disguised as a refugee, the plainclothes agent hide his stun gun in his coat and watches as a figure wearing a hat saunters toward them, completely oblivious to the hidden threat.

He confirms the signal—it is his target.

The armed agent jabs the stun gun at the person with the hat, who collapses after giving a spasm.

The other two plainclothes agents drags the unconscious victim into the space between two buildings.

Armed Agent A: That was easy. Get the hat off.

Armed Agent A: Even with all those layers on, our stun gun still—

The hat is taken off...only to reveal a middle-aged man who is foaming at the mouth.

Armed Agent A: What...?

RPK-16: Bullying innocent civilians isn't a good habit, Mr. Cop~

Armed Agent A: ...!!

The plainclothes tries to attack RPK-16 with his stun gun, but she grabs him by the wrist and twists his arm around, causing him to stun himself instead. He convulses and hits the ground. His colleagues pauses for a moment, trying to comprehend what just happened, then they all charge at RPK-16.

...

A few plainclothes officers are flung out into the street. RPK-16 pokes her head out and peers left and right before dragging them back into the narrow alley.

Plainclothes Commander: Squad A!

Plainclothes Commander: Squad A, respond!

Armed Agent B: This is Squad B!

Armed Agent B: Something's not right. Our targets just multiplied! There are now four of them!

Armed Agent B: No, eight!

Plainclothes Commander: Scheiße! They've deployed signal decoys!

Plainclothes Commander: They must've slipped signal emitters into the refugees' pockets to throw us off!

Plainclothes Commander: Ignore the signals! Can you spot the Dolls by sight?!

Armed Agent B: Y...Yes, sir!

Armed Agent B: Hold on, they're coming from behind... Draw weapons...!

Armed Agent B: Argh!!

Plainclothes Commander: Squad B? Squad B?!

Plainclothes Commander: ...We've lost contact with two squads in a matter of seconds... Are we actually the ones being hunted?

Plainclothes Commander: If...if that's the case, then they must be monitoring our comms...

The plainclothes commander wipes away the sweat on his forehead. He throws his radio onto the ground and crushes it with a foot.

He is just about to turn and run when someone seizes him by the collar from behind.

RPK-16: As the commander, you're just going to turn tail and leave your subordinates for dead? Isn't that a bit dishonorable?

Beads of sweat start dripping down the man's forehead again. He suddenly draws his pistol and turns around, trying to shoot RPK-16.

Unsurprisingly, RPK-16 grabs his arm and with a nimble twist, the man finds himself flung across the air before crashing heavily onto the ground.

AK-15: I'm done over here. Have you captured their commander?

RPK-16: Snatched him just as he was about to leg it.

Plainclothes Commander: Blasted Doll! Do you know who I am?!

Plainclothes Commander: You mechanical low-lives! What gives you the right to do this?!

RPK-16: Oh dear, quite the bigot, aren't you?

RPK-16: Thankfully, unlike humans, we Dolls are very open-minded and tolerant.

RPK-16: If you tell me who's pulling the strings and what they're planning, I'm happy to pretend I didn't hear what you just said.

Plainclothes Commander: You've got to be joking!

Plainclothes Commander: We're the police! If you dare raise a hand against law enforcers, you won't be leaving Bremen at all!

RPK-16: Hm, it seems our conscientious public servant doesn't quite understand the situation.

RPK-16: Erwin, I'll leave it to you to persuade Fritz over here.

AK-15: This way, please.

AK-15 drags the man by the collar into an abandoned house.

The sound of punches landing on flesh can soon be heard.

The man howls in pain and struggles to break free. He tries to scramble outside, but AK-15 simply seizes him again and hauls him back into the house.

RPK-16: Why do people only want to talk after being subjected to unnecessary pain?

RPK-16: Why can't we just come to an understanding with words alone?

RPK-16: Don't you agree, Fritz?

RPK-16 expresses her dismay theatrically as she strolls in through the door.

Blood is flowing from the man's nose, smearing half of his face. He can barely open his eyes.

Plainclothes Commander: My...my name...isn't Fritz...

RPK-16: Doesn't matter. I don't really care what you're called.

RPK-16: So, can you finally tell us what we want to know?

Plainclothes Commander: I...I...

RPK-16: Still not talking?

RPK-16: Your willpower is truly commendable. Erwin, give him another round.

Plainclothes Police: A-Alright! I'll tell you everything!

Plainclothes Police: Don't beat me anymore!

A few minutes later...

RPK-16: Fascinating. I didn't expect humans to come up with such an interesting plan.

AK-15: Should we inform Ange?

RPK-16: Of course. I also want to tell her about my new idea.

AK-15: Are you sure about that?

AK-15: We will be walking right into their trap.

RPK-16: Imagine if someone thinks they're about to go to Heaven but they suddenly find themselves in Hell—it's going to be so much fun!

RPK-16: As long as we capture the HVT in the end, Ange won't have a problem no matter what we do, right?

RPK-16: In that case, you can't blame me for having some harmless fun while doing a boring task.

AK-15: ...Fine. Do whatever you want.

...Zone A, Refugee Settlement.

In a certain control room, a group of people are working in front of multiple surveillance workstations.

There is a steady stream of electronic pings and keyboard clicks. New documents are constantly being printed, held up against the monitors for comparison and calculations.

With a fresh cup of coffee in hand, the chief inquires about the latest status of the mission.

Station Chief: What happened?

Operator A: They've obscured their signals after attacking our agents. We're trying to locate them.

Station Chief: Can't believe those Soviet scrap metal robots are capable of that... Anything on the surveillance system?

Operator B: We're looking, but the CCTV cameras around the residential area are experiencing signal failures.

Station Chief: Get them back online as fast as you can! They're going to make use of this opportunity to act and we can't afford to be blind!

Station Chief: If we still don't have the Soviet bitch and her toys before Powell gets taken away, it'll be on all our heads!

Operator B: Yes sir...

Operator B: Wait, I think we have them over here!

The triumphant shout has attracted everyone's attention.

The monitor shows two female Dolls on the move, one with short hair and the other of imposing stature.

The smart suits they are wearing make them extremely out of place in the derelict streets and regularly draw the eyes of passing refugees.

Powell went inside this building just minutes ago.

The Dolls in pursuit arrive outside the office of the Refugee Aid Association and look around briefly before also slipping into the building.

Operator B: Their appearance matches the description. These are the Dolls sent by our target from Zone A.

Station Chief: Hahaha, and they think nobody knows what they're up to.

Operator B: We've already notified our people nearby to stand by for orders.

Station Chief: Good. Give them the green light!

...

On the monitor, the armed agents are all in position around the building. At the chief's command, they storm into the office.

Meanwhile, in the control room, everyone is observing the situation through the armed agents' camera feed.

Armed Agent A: First floor clear. No sign of any animate objects.

...

Armed Agent A: We're outside the last room. Preparing to break in...

Boom!

Armed Agent B: Clear.

Armed Agent C: Clear!

Armed Agent A: ...Sir, we haven't found any Dolls or detected any threats. Awaiting further directives. Over.

Station Chief: What?!

Station Chief: Check again! Did they escape through a different exit?

Operator B: I'm not seeing them on any of the security feed around the building... This...this makes no sense at all.

Station Chief: ...

Armed Agent A: This may be a trap. Right now...should...their...

The comms link is breaking up.

Station Chief: Repeat? Hey!

Station Chief: Verdammt... What the hell is going on?!

Operator A: Our comms are being jammed... No, someone else is forcing their way into our channel!

Station Chief: Someone else...?

???: That's right, sorry to intrude~

Station Chief: ...?!

Upon hearing the slightly sarcastic female voice, the chief gestures for everyone to keep quiet and puts the call on speaker. Then he bids his subordinates to start tracing the signal origin.

???: This is our first time touring the refugee settlement, so we don't really know our way around.

???: You guys have been such a great help. You've made things so much easier for us~

Station Chief: I don't know what you're talking about.

???: Huh? I thought you knew about our objective here.

???: How about this? Why don't we swap some information?

Station Chief: Swap information?

???: Tell me whose side you're on and who leaked our plans to you.

???: In return, I'll tell you our next objective.

Station Chief: Do you think I'm stupid?

???: No deal? Such a pity~

Station Chief: (How much longer do you need?)

Operator B: (Another 20 seconds!)

Station Chief: Alright... I'll think about it, but I expect some gesture of goodwill.

???: Goodwill? Sure.

???: How about we have this conversation face-to-face, in an open and friendly manner?

Station Chief: Wha...?

Before he can respond, the closed window is suddenly shattered and the statuesque Doll that was on the CCTV footage comes flying into the control room. The operators who are quick to react immediately draw their weapons and fire at her.

But their attacks seem to have no effect on their target whatsoever, and the operators are soon knocked out cleanly one after the other.

The chief, who is several paces away from the intruder, raises his own weapon to shoot the Doll, but a slender hand suddenly grips his wrist and dislodges the gun with ease.

Station Chief: Ow! How is this possible...?!

RPK-16: Nothing is impossible. It's just a simple matter of planting some fake CCTV footage and working our way to this place.

RPK-16: It's all because you have too much faith in your "machines", don't you think?

The chief tries to break free, but a heavy blow to the back of his skull puts him out like a light and he slumps onto the floor.

RPK-16: Oh dear, I barely used any force, but he passed out just like that?

AK-15: Aren't we supposed to interrogate him?

RPK-16: We're in a hurry.

RPK-16: Their equipment will tell us what we need to know.

RPK-16: Right, since I've decided to take pity on these bastards, get them all out of here.

AK-15 gets to work right away. RPK-16 sits down at one of the stations, plugs herself into the server, and starts scanning.

...A few minutes later.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: I see.

AK-15: What did you find?

RPK-16: All the communications logs and records are on Level II. Their firewall might as well be non-existent.

RPK-16: These Fritzes have grown complacent in peacetime and gotten out of practice when it comes to being terrorists.

RPK-16: If they are willing to pay, I'd gladly teach them how to do this properly.

AK-15: Any important intelligence?

RPK-16: Eh, it's all really boring stuff. We'll let Ange sort through this herself.

RPK-16: I've downloaded the entire database.

RPK-16: That's it, time to go.

AK-15: They're quite slow to react.

RPK-16: They're a bunch of amateurs.

RPK-16: Like I said, if they have the cash, I don't mind making an entire course out of this.

A massive explosion echoes throughout the settlement. The building where RPK-16 and AK-15 are in is instantly engulfed in flames.

A figure observes the burning rubble with binoculars from a distance.
Part 5: Instigator

5

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

...

On the rooftop of a building in the refugee settlement, a rat is sniffing around for food in a piece of faded packaging.

The loud noise of the main gate opening sends the rat scurrying. It scuttles along a piece of thick cable into the building.

The cable is connected to a surveillance display, which is currently showing the opened main gate.

...In a house at a hidden location.

The wall is filled with different CCTV live feeds. Ange's group is captured by the camera angled towards the settlement entrance.

Operator A: Our target is here!

Station Chief: Right on time. Our intel is accurate.

Operator B: Those four around her are Dolls, right?

Station Chief: Our informant has confirmed that. They are the main impediment that hinders Pigeon's operation.

Station Chief: Still, we'll just follow the plan and lure them into our trap, step by step.

Operator A: I didn't expect we'd be officially authorized to deploy the local police.

Station Chief: Our comrades are everywhere!

Station Chief: Victory will be ours! Once this is settled, it will be just a matter of time.

Operator A: The target is heading towards the predicted location.

Station Chief: Slowly does it...

Station Chief: Send the agents to test the waters. Let the game of cat-and-mouse begin.

...

Somewhere in the refugee settlement.

A man is putting on a coat with the help of an attendant. When that's done, he starts adjusting his lapel.

The sun shines through the filthy glass window onto his large and fleshy figure.

Attendant: Herr Powell, should we check in with "them"?

Powell: We aren't on such good terms that they would share information with us voluntarily. I'm just a tool that has some use to them for now—I know that very well.

Powell: Besides, the "rats" are here, aren't they? That's all we need to know.

Attendant: Right...

Powell: Have we got everyone?

Attendant: Yes.

Attendant: As per your instructions, they are all trustworthy candidates that we've cultivated.

Attendant: With their numbers, they should be able to contend with the enemies for a short while.

Attendant: But will you be able to convince them?

Powell: What i'm about to tell them is what they're intimately familiar with; what they want to hear the most.

Powell: (Sighs) None of this should have come to pass. I once had so much faith in Germany.

Powell: I was certain that they would let me continue my operations in the refugee settlement as a philanthropist.

Powell: But now everything has changed and no one would stand up for me...

Powell: Now, we're on our own.

Powell clears his throat and walks through the door.

He is now in a spacious indoor space where a large number of refugees have congregated.

These people used to be police officers or firefighters in the neighboring regions. Some are even veterans who were quickly forgotten after the war.

But no matter their identity, they all bear signs of severe silification. Their faces are all contorted with pain and malnourishment, giving them a ghastly appearance.

At the sight of Powell, all conversations cease and the room becomes eerily silent.

Powell: ...

Powell: My friends, they are extending their corrupt grasp into our home.

Powell: They have already built this looming wall to suppress our freedom, and everything has taken a turn for the worse.

Powell: This isn't how the world used to be. Our home is being exploited, ravaged, razed to the ground, and reduced to rubble.

Powell: But we did nothing to deserve this! What crime have the sick and infirmed committed? What about the children who had the misfortune of being born in a fetid garbage dump?

Powell: And yet, here they come, laying siege on us in our direst moment of need, trying to snuff out our last bit of hope.

Powell: Do we bow our heads and pliantly accept the torment that they are inflicting?!

Refugees: NO! NEVER!

Refugees: THIS IS OUR HOME!

Powell: That's right. This is the only home we have left.

Powell: I visited Hannah on North Street this morning and brought her something to eat.

Powell: She was so weak and frail, but with her dying breath, she was still calling out to her child, who was shot dead by the turrets on the wall.

Powell: We all know who is really responsible for murdering this child and his poor mother.

Refugees: DAMN BREMEN!

Refugees: THEY'VE NEVER TREATED US AS HUMANS!

Refugees: BLOOD FOR BLOOD!

Powell: Exactly! Blood for blood!

Powell: They have finally shown their true colors. They are forcing our hand by taking away our most basic right to live.

Powell: We are not to blame; they have brought this upon themselves. Since they don't treat us like people, they should not be surprised if they find themselves dealing with vengeful beasts instead.

Powell: We will no longer submit to their oppression. It is time we let them know that we intend to fight for our lives.

Powell: Smash their hubris and retake our dignity!

The refugees pump their fists and cheer. Their cries resound throughout the chapel in the church, almost breaking through the ceiling and reaching the heavens.

Morridow: What an idiot...

Morridow mutters under her breath as she stares out the window.

Hopps: Pardon?

Morridow: Oh, sorry. I was just kicking myself for what I said on the phone.

Hopps: You mean your call with Chairwoman Ulrich?

Morridow: ...Yes.

Morridow: Maybe I'm being naïve, but is it always impossible to salvage a situation?

Hopps: Your question is very naïve in and of itself.

Morridow: Really?

Morridow: What are your thoughts on the matter?

Hopps: The way I see it, there are three ways of perceiving the world.

Morridow: What do you mean?

Hopps: The first way is through others' description. If people say the world is a good place, we believe that.

Hopps: The second way is through our own personal experience. We discover that there is darkness in the world, darkness that can taint people's souls.

Hopps: The third way...is through things that are inflicted upon us. Pain that we are forced to suffer even if we try to avoid it.

Hopps: Most people adopt the second way. They still believe that the world will change even if they encounter hardships.

Hopps: But the real world never changes. It may present itself differently to you, but it is essentially always the same world.

Morridow: ...I disagree.

Hopps: As Chairwoman Ulrich's personal secretary, your naïvety will only cause you regret.

Morridow: I believe that's just the conclusion you've drawn from your experience in the war. Everyone thinks differently.

Angelia: Having a little chat?

Angelia: Morridow, what's the situation?

Morridow: Oh, right!

Morridow: The chairwoman has already dispatched a helicopter. It'll be here in about half an hour.

Angelia: That can't be the only thing she said.

Angelia: It doesn't take that long to talk about sending a helicopter.

Morridow: Uh...

Morridow: Frau Ulrich also mentioned that someone would like to remind us not to go overboard as this could jeopardize...

Angelia: A lot of people's interests, yeah?

Angelia: There's no end to all this politicking no matter which country I'm in.

Angelia: In times like this, only those with an iron will and stalwart strength can find their way out of plight.

Angelia: Does your Madam Chairwoman possess these qualities?

Morridow: I don't know...

Morridow: Perhaps you should ask her yourself. Frau Ulrich asked to speak with you in person again after this.

Angelia: That's assuming I survive.

Angelia: And stay away from the windows. J and I have found some information that Ulrich will find useful.

Angelia: Document them digitally and send her a copy.

Morridow: Okay!

Gazing at Ange's back, Morridow gives her handbag a thoughtful pat. The loaded magazines are still lying quietly in there.

Hopps: You heard her?

Morridow: Humph. Will you abandon Ange in an emergency?

Morridow: If perceiving the world using the third way is what makes a person worldly, what will you do?

Hopps: ...

Hopps: I will make sure nothing threatens the pain that I inflict.
Part 6: Delta Attack - End

    6chevron_right

...Zone B, Refugee Settlement.

Morridow: (Inhales and gags)

Morridow: Oof, this room stinks. I thought this organization was as "cheery" as it advertised itself, but...

J: I didn't take you for the type who'd fall for marketing ploys.

Morridow: I know it's all about marketing, but the least they could do is keep up a certain level of appearances. I didn't expect such a large difference.

Angelia: There are two sides to everything. This is also true about people.

Hopps: ...

J: The HR records here are intriguing. What do you make of this?

J: Some refugees have found employment in the White Zone—all floriculturists. There are about 1,400 of them, and all of them are working for that botanical institute you investigated.

Morridow: Huh? Surely the Flora Institute doesn't have that many vacancies?!

Angelia: This is confirmed in the ledger, and coincidentally, Powell is also the one who signed these receipts.

Angelia: This place has ties with both the orphanage and the botanical research institute.

J: So the GIP is really working with Paradeus?

Angelia: Most definitely, but we need more incontestable evidence.

Angelia: It wouldn't mean a thing to those bastards even if Ulrich threw what we've found at their faces.

Angelia: Lucia, how are things out there?

AK-12: There are more and more refugees surrounding the church.

AK-12: There are also people who don't look like refugees hidden in the crowd.

Angelia: We can't stay here for long.

Angelia: Renate, report.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Renate?

Ange attempts to establish contact with RPK-16, but before the call can connect, a thunderous explosion erupts in Zone A.

Hopps immediately moves Ange behind him, but Ange steps around him and stares outside the window in silence.

More refugees have taken to the disordered streets due to the noise and tremor of the explosion.

Morridow: What was that?!

Hopps: The enemy must be on the move.

AN-94: Ange, there was an explosion of unknown origin in Zone A. The refugees are getting agitated. This is bad.

Angelia: That must've been a signal. Someone is about to get serious.

AN-94: We can't get in touch with Renate or AK-15.

AN-94: Ange, their comms are offline.

AK-12: Is it because of the explosion?

Just then, the "silence" is shattered by the klaxons that are blaring throughout the settlement.

J: Good God, what is it this time?!

(Beep)

Hopps: Speaking. What? Then what should we do?

Hopps: ...Understood. We'll think of something.

Angelia: What's wrong?

Hopps: The garrison guarding the gates are sustaining casualties...

Hopps: Someone has activated the turrets along the wall. Those things are now firing indiscriminately.

Morridow: What?! Then...what about the refugees?!

Hopps: ...They will prevent anything from passing through the gates alive—us, the refugees, or even just a rat...

Angelia: Looks like someone is trying to start a riot. It's easier for them to act when everyone is distracted by the chaos.

Angelia: Yeah, even our escape route is no-go.

Angelia: Our only hope of getting out of here is that helicopter.

J: Isn't this supposed to be a disastrous situation?

J: Somehow you said that in the same tone as how someone would say, "oh drat, there's only bread for breakfast today."

Angelia: It's kinda like that, actually.

Angelia: Lucia, can you join us?

AK-12: I can jump in through the roof.

AK-12 leans out of the window but AN-94, sensing something wrong in the distance, immediately pulls her back inside.

Bullets smash the window to bits. The two Dolls switch positions and try to locate the shooter.

AK-12: Ange, someone's firing at us!

AK-12: Can you see them from where you are?

Angelia: I heard it. Holy crap, what the heck are those?

A row of automatons are advancing on the church with riot shields and submachine guns, muzzles flashing menacingly.

The surrounding refugees scatter in panic but a lot of them are shot.

Hopps: The garrison's anti-riot automatons. Have they also been hacked?

Angelia: Not necessarily.

J: Our pistols won't even leave a dent on them.

J: They're closing in fast!

Angelia: Lucia, can you hack them?

AK-12: I've tried, but they can't be accessed remotely at all.

AK-12: All their ports are closed.

Angelia: They know us and they came prepared.

Angelia: You have permission to use your weapons. Link up with us once you destroy those automatons.

Angelia: We'll be leaving soon.

AK-12: Acknowledged.

AK-12: Antje, get out our rifles and prepare to move.

AN-94: Right.

AN-94: We don't have much ammo with us so we need to make every shot count.

AK-12 takes a second to observe the situation. Under such intense enemy fire, it's impossible to reach the church by jumping across rooftops.

She and AN-94 promptly return to ground level. A few of the anti-riot automatons are charging straight toward the church. The two Dolls take out the closest ones from around the corner.

With the most imminent threats neutralized, AK-12 reloads and makes for the church while keeping her body close to the ground.

The automatons start shifting their attention to AN-94, who proceeds to switch positions and lay down suppressive fire. Meanwhile, AK-12 dives next to a refugee's corpse, using it as a meat shield while returning fire at the enemies.

AK-12: They're pretty slow. This won't be too difficult.

AN-94: Lucia, watch out!

The anti-riot automaton that got shot down in front of AK-12 suddenly blows up.

Understanding the dreadful implication, she scrambles quickly to her feet and dashes towards the church.

94 also makes a run for it under the cover of the billowing smoke. They both reach the perimeter of the church with lightning speed.

AK-12: Ange, get out of there!

AK-12: The automatons are rigged with explosives! This church can't withstand the impact!

Angelia: Shit! They must be insane. Everyone out the windows!! NOW!!

More exploding anti-riot automatons are trying to break into the church. AK-12 stops their approach with accurate shots.

But the explosions are getting dangerously close to this eighth-century church. The weathered stones and bricks are starting to shake.

Ange smashes one of the mosaic glass windows on the second floor and jumps out. The others promptly follow suit.

J: Where did they get this amount of explosives?!

J: What the hell are they trying to do?

Hopps: We can't stay here any longer! We should retreat to the wall!

Angelia: And get shot full of holes by those turrets?

Angelia: Follow me!

Angelia: Morridow, can you run?

Morridow: I...I suppose...

Angelia: When I give the word, run with all your might and do not stop!

Angelia: J, if she can't keep up, carry her.

J: Alright!

AK-12: Ange, go!

AK-12: We're almost out of ammo!

Angelia: We're leaving our backs to you!

Ange's group start running towards the residential area while the two Dolls cover their escape.

AN-94: ...We've got to go too.

AK-12: No, we need to stay just a little longer.

AN-94: But we're running dangerously low on ammo and those automatons are getting close.

AK-12: Trust me, trust Ange, and trust our stupid teammates.

AK-12: We have to make our stand here.

AN-94: ...

AN-94: Understood. I trust you.

AN-94: Enemy reinforcements incoming!

Anti-riot automatons are making a beeline for the church, but the DEFY Dolls shoot them down accurately one after the other.

AK-12: Tsk, I'm out of ammo.

AN-94: Lucia, straight ahead!

With only one Doll firing, one of the anti-riot automatons has made it to the entrance of the church. AN-94's final round hits it on a weak spot. It topples and slides along the muddy ground, stopping right next to a building.

The next second, the automaton erupts in a dazzling ball of fire. The impact causes the rickety building to collapse instantaneously.

When the smoke and dust finally settle, there is already no sign of AK-12 and AN-94.

...

In an abandoned house about 100 meters away, a person puts down their binoculars.

Unknown Personnel: Sir, two of the target's Tactical Dolls are confirmed to be KIA.

Distorted Voice: Acknowledged. The target's unit is down to four people, and we will encounter no further T-Doll intervention.

Unknown Personnel: Only four? What about the other two Dolls?

Distorted Voice: Unknown. Nobody has been in touch since the explosion in Zone A 15 minutes ago. We haven't heard from our recon unit or task force either.

Unknown Personnel: Did the Dolls wipe them out?

Unknown Personnel: But how is that possible? There are only two of them, and they're not armed with explosives. Don't tell me...

Unknown Personnel: Oh crap, it must be them. Those bastards are making their move.

Unknown Personnel: Is the ground unit ready to deploy?

Distorted Voice: Yes, all ready.

Unknown Personnel: Then tell them to get the fire burning. We've got work to do, brothers.

Distorted Voice: Understood. Do you have any instructions for Pigeon?

Unknown Personnel: No, Pigeon is free to use their discretion.

Meanwhile, in a room on the second floor of a building in Zone B that was formerly the Kunsthalle Bremen, a unit of masked and well-armed personnel are listening to this conversation.

Armed Operative: Your heard the man. Let's get to work.

Officer in Command: Finally, the foreplay is over. It's time we made our entrance.

Officer in Command: Since we're all showing our hand, don't blame me for not pulling my punches.

Officer in Command: These voodoo fanatics think they'll be bagging all the chips, but little do they know we still have an ace up our sleeve.

Officer in Command: Alright, listen up. I don't want any of them to leave the refugee settlement alive. Send them all to meet their beloved maker.

Armed Force: Yes, sir!

Ange's group move rapidly down the street while keeping their eyes on their surroundings.

Ange watches as wafts of black smoke billow into the sky. She knows what's producing them. Garbage and tires being burned. An omen of imminent pandemonium.

After looking left and right, Ange kicks open the door to a tall building and leads the others inside.

From the window upstairs, she can see that a massive crowd has been gathering. Dreadful howls fill the air.

Another explosion erupts in the distance. Morridow stares at Ange hesitantly.

There are questions she is burning to ask, but somehow she can't bring herself to voice them as she studies Ange's calm features.

J: The refugees are already on the verge of a riot in a matter of minutes.

J: The GIP aren't the only ones that have infiltrated the settlement. It looks like even Powell himself has been stirring the pot here. He must be far more influential than we thought.

Hopps: They rile up the refugees and start a riot; we conveniently "go missing" in the midst of this chaos and won't cause any more trouble.

Hopps: Did you expect this to happen, Frau Ange?

Angelia: Their plan isn't all that surprising. Actually, it's so logical it's almost unnerving.

Angelia: It's true that I didn't expect them to go to such great lengths just to eliminate us, but it's not over for us yet.

Angelia: We may still be able to capture Powell.

Hopps: Are you out of your mind?!

Hopps: How are we supposed to catch that bastard when all hell has broken loose out there?!

Hopps: We should find a safe location and wait for the helicopter to extract us!

Angelia: My Dolls have sent me Powell's last-known coordinates.

Angelia: I'm not leaving until I have him. If you're scared of the mess outside, stay here and keep Morridow safe.

Morridow: Huh?! Do we have to stay here?

Morridow: I'd rather go with Ange!

Hopps: Are you all insane?!

Hopps: I can't keep all of you safe out there without any extra help!

J: Don't worry, I will also guard the ladies with my life~

Angelia: With K being the only exception, do all German guys talk like idiots?

Angelia: Still, even though you're cringy as hell, I do appreciate the support.

Angelia: Well, Hopps? You can stay here by yourself if that's what you want.

Hopps: Tsk...!

Hopps: Fine, but we'd better hurry!

Hopps: Do you know where to find Powell?

Angelia: I'll manage.

Angelia: But hold on a sec. Something doesn't look right down there.

Morridow: The weird howling is getting closer...

Morridow: It sounds really scary...

Ange looks out of the window again.

Amid the rising black smoke and surging crowds, she catches sight of creatures that don't exactly look human.

Angelia: I knew you'd be here.

Angelia: It's time I dragged you out of your hidey hole...William.

Inside the Griffin base, the Café has finally returned to its usual hustle and bustle as more and more Dolls are revived.

The commotion-loving Dolls are gathered here, toasting each other happily to celebrate their rebirth.

Now that the last of the Sangvis plant investigation missions are over, the Dolls have dragged me to this crowded place.

After fooling around with them for a while, the Dolls finally lose interest in messing with me, and I can free myself to get a drink.

I look around at the venue and finally spot Kalina in a dimly-lit corner.

She looks completely exhausted. Clearly she must have spent many sleepless nights to get the Dolls back into normal working order.

I hesitate briefly, then head over to her, drink in hand.

I stand beside her and tilt my head, questioning. She looks up at me, then lowers her head once more.

Fortunately, she hasn't fled this time, so I take it as implicit permission to sit at the same table.

Commander: Still angry?

Kalina: Not really...

Commander: Then why aren't you having fun with the others?

Kalina: I'm scared that I won't be able to see something like this again, so I want to sit aside and just watch quietly.

Commander: ...For some reason, gloomy things like that sound strange coming from you.

Kalina: Hey, even I can feel down at times, you know!

Commander: So you're still mad, huh...

I take another look at Kalina, and I suddenly realize that in spite of all the battles she has experienced, she's still just a girl in her twenties.

I've always taken her strength and reliability as a given, and my taking her for granted, combined with my presumptuousness, must have been very hurtful.

Kalina is still rather huffy. She opens her mouth as if to speak, but changes her mind after a hesitant pause.

After some thought, I've come to the conclusion that since she got angry because of me, I should be the one to offer an olive branch.

Commander: It's been nearly a week. Have you decided what you're going to do yet?

Kalina's eyes darken at the question. She takes a sip out of her drink and redirects the question to me in a nonchalant tone.

Kalina: Have YOU decided what you're going to do, Commander?

Commander: Hm... Well, since the Dolls are all repaired...

Commander: Naturally, we ought to put them through a standard 24-day course of combat simulations.

Commander: We need to get our Dolls back into shape. I'm guessing you may need to spend a bit more time fine-tuning them.

Kalina: Oh... Wait, what?? So...you're not going to leave us?

Commander: I never ever said I would leave...

Kalina: R...Really?

Kalina: So you're really not going to quit your post?

Commander: I told you, didn't I? I threw that Green Zone ID pass into the trash on the first day. It's probably in pieces in the garbage disposal now.

Kalina: Yeah, I know that.

Kalina: But you never gave me a definite answer, and you told me to go off by myself...

Commander: I was kidding, of course. I'd have a really hard time if you actually left.

Commander: After all, I don't want to take all that logistics work onto myself.

Kalina: Really?

Kalina: You're not lying to me again, are you?

Commander: But I never lied to you in the first place...

Commander: If you don't believe me, you can search my body and see if that ID pass is still there.

Commander: And if that doesn't work for you, you can search my room too.

Commander: But right now, I'm not going anywhere.

Kalina: Com...Commander, you...you big jerk! I was so worried!

Kalina: Do you know what I've been going through this whole week?

Kalina: Not a day went by when I wasn't thinking about what I'd do if you suddenly decided to leave us!

Kalina: I was...worried sick...every day... (Sobs)

Commander: I...I'm sorry... At first I was just messing with you.

Commander: But I didn't expect you to give me the cold shoulder after that...

Kalina: That's because I WAS mad!

Kalina: I was thinking, "If you're going to suddenly vanish someday, then I should just keep my distance from you!"

Commander: I...I see... But then why...

Kalina: But I...I just couldn't do it!

Kalina: I was going to avoid you altogether, but I found myself in the Command Room each day before I realized it!

Commander: I...I'm so sorry...

Commander: How about this... Wait, let me think... Ah, I've got it! As an apology, why don't we swap jobs?

Kalina: What?!

Commander: That is to say, you get to be the Commander and give me orders, and I'll be your adjutant. I mean, we don't have any missions pending, so we can probably do it for a day...

Kalina: Commander... Are you serious about that?

Commander: Yep.

Commander: I'll do anything you want. You can take your anger out on me anytime.

Commander: How...how's that?

Kalina: Pffft...

Kalina: Pff...hahahaha!

Kalina: Well, that's our Commander for you, you always come up with stuff that normal people could never even conceive of. That's so dumb!

Kalina: If you were our logistics officer, I doubt any of our Dolls would have working weapons if they went out on a mission.

Kalina: In the end, I'd get yelled at anyway.

Commander: So what can I do to make it up to you?

Kalina: Hmm... Let me think...

Kalina: You're not allowed to lie to me for the rest of your life.

Kalina: How about that, Commander? Do you think you can keep that promise?

Commander: Is that all?

Kalina: Yeah, that's all.

Commander: Then I promise you, I won't lie to you ever again.

Kalina: Hehehe, you'd better keep your word, okay?

Ten years later, as I look out through the train windows at the quarantine wall under the setting sun in the distance, I think back to this scene.

The orange-yellow light of dusk spreads over the quarantine wall and limns it in a golden glow, like syrup on a pancake.

As I recall all the things that have gone by, it suddenly occurs to me just how much that brief period of respite in my life has meant to me.

At that time, I did not realize how lucky and happy I was.

As everything changed with the passage of time, the faces of the past had blurred into unreachability with each day that went by.

I recall the words I couldn't say when I bade her farewell just now. I know that even if I had said them, they would have been pointless anyway.

Even if I am still my old self, she is no longer the same woman.

However, I do not resent her for changing, because in the end, I have not been able to keep the promise I made her ten years ago.

...

Kalina: (Yawns)... I'm so sleepy all of a sudden.

Kalina: Now that I'm not worried anymore, the fatigue from the past few days has caught up with me all at once...

Commander: Go back to the dorm and get some rest. There's no telling how long the Dolls are going to keep this up.

Commander: We'll worry about the cleanup tomorrow.

Kalina: O...Okay...

Kalina: Then I'll see you tomorrow, Commander...

Kalina: (Yawns) So sleepy...

Kalina drags her exhausted body out of the Café.

Hopefully she'll be back to normal tomorrow. Having a grim-faced adjutant standing behind me was sending chills down my spine.

Dandelion: Is this seat taken, Commander?

Commander: ...What are you doing here?

Commander: Didn't I tell you not to show up in front of the others?

Dandelion: Well, the only other human who can see me besides yourself has already gone to bed, so coming out for a stroll shouldn't be a problem.

Commander: ...Have you been spying on us again?

Dandelion: I'm just curious about the relationship you have with your adjutant.

Dandelion: But I didn't expect her to be so tractable.

Dandelion: It's almost as if the two of you were trying to beat each other in being the biggest pushover.

Commander: Ahem, did you come all the way just to make fun of me?

Dandelion: I've obtained some information, but it's not particularly urgent.

Dandelion: After all, such moments of respite are precious and fleeting.

Dandelion: There's no harm in letting it wait.

I follow her gaze to the center of the Café, and the raucous atmosphere washes over me like a wave.

Anna: Quit struggling and let me pinch you!

Gr G11: Ugh... Let go... My face...

Gr G11: Help me... Ughh...

UMP9: Hahahaha, Gr G11's face looks so dorky!

AUG Para: It looks fun, I want to pinch her too!

VHS: Pipe down. The head maid's going to come over and scold us.

Gr G36: Alright, you girls, don't make trouble in the Café. Go back to the dorms if you want to fool around.

Anna: Uwah! Run for it!

Gr G36: Don't run around in the Café! It's dangerous—you'll hit someone!

Springfield: Let them off this once, Gr G36. It's good that the place is so lively after so long.

Gr G36: (Sighs) From tolerance all sin is born.

Gr G36: These Dolls make trouble in the Café because you're always so lenient.

I exhale and look away from them.

This normal, everyday life with no surprises is what I'm trying to protect with every fiber of my being.

Commander: So, what is this information you were talking about?

Dandelion: Ooh, eager, aren't we. Are you in such a hurry to go on a mission again?

Commander: I don't want to end up regretting my present laziness in the future.

Dandelion: In that case, come with me.

Dandelion rises and leaves the Café.

I give Springfield a nod, then put on my coat and follow her out.

...

It's not fall yet, but there's a chill in the air outdoors.

Commander: Huh, so you're all here.

As I expected, the AR Team is gathered in a clearing outside the base.

Dandelion: I've brought the Commander along, as I promised.

RO635: Thank you, you've done us a favor.

Commander: Did you send Dandelion to find me?

Commander: Why didn't you come over in person?

RO635: The idea of going in there somehow makes me a bit uncomfortable...

ST AR-15: After all, it's best for us to keep a distance from the other Dolls, since we're members of the AR Team and all.

M4 SOPMOD II: I knew the Commander would come, now the Commander is allllll ours!

Commander: That sounds a little frightening, coming from you...

RO635: Ahem... Actually, we asked you out here today because we have an imposition to make.

RO635: I know it might cause you trouble but please hear us out.

RO635: Dandelion, please show the Commander.

Dandelion: Here, Commander, look at this.

Commander: This house is...?

Dandelion: There's no doubt about it. This is the house which keeps appearing in Lunasia's neural cloud.

Dandelion: It is her "home", stored in the depths of her memories.

ST AR-15: I once saw this place on the base layer of her neural cloud.

Dandelion: Havier's intelligence network seems to have news about Ange's work in Germany. Their Stasi over there seems to have found an identical house to this one.

Commander: You hacked into Havier's computer?!

Dandelion: I just left a little, tiny backdoor. He won't notice it.

Dandelion: It was Ange's activities in Germany which led to the Stasi discovering this place by accident.

Commander: Looks like Ange's gone through a lot over there...

Commander: So what do you have in mind?

RO635: Commander, the AR Team has decided. We won't give up on looking for M4 or M16 no matter what.

RO635: No matter how big the world is, I believe that as long as we continue existing within it, we will meet again someday.

RO635: Therefore, we're hoping that we can find a way to get to that place and see if we can obtain a lead about M4.

RO635: Of course, I know this might make things rather difficult for you, but please let us leave you for a while. I'm sure we'll bring back good news.

Commander: I refuse.

RO635: Huh?

Commander: If we're looking for our lost Dolls, I cannot let just the few of you go off by yourselves.

ST AR-15: Commander, what do you mean?

Commander: While I can't make any guarantees right now, I'll try to verify the information about that house.

Commander: If it warrants a proper investigation, I won't just send the AR Team by yourselves and expose you to danger.

Commander: Don't worry. As a Commander of Griffin, I won't leave any Dolls behind.

M4 SOPMOD II: Awesome, the Commander has the same idea!

Commander: Yeah, I won't leave anyone behind.

Commander: But you need to promise me that you'll obey orders once the mission begins and you won't run off on your own.

Commander: We are a team; every person and every Doll here is your friend and your comrade, and our fates are bound together.

Commander: Can you promise me that?

The three Dolls exchange glances and nod in unison.

I nod back in acknowledgement.

Commander: I will give thorough consideration to the entire plan. Also, Persica will be arriving tomorrow. You should let her give you all a checkup.

Commander: Now, since that's still a few hours away, why don't you head over to the Café and have some fun?

RO635: Thanks, but no thanks, Commander.

RO635: We'll be off then. You should get some rest too.

Commander: Right. Good night.

The Dolls take their leave, talking and laughing.

I look at RO's receding back and realize that she's become a lot more mature than before.

I stick my hands into my pockets. For some reason, I feel much more at ease now.

Dandelion: You promised the moon so casually, Commander.

Commander: Did I make the wrong choice?

Commander: You want to find M4 too, don't you?

Dandelion: Indeed, that is what I want. I also know we will have to pay a price to achieve that.

Commander: So you're saying I shouldn't have made that promise?

Dandelion: I simply think you might not be ready yet.

Commander: But we've won all this time, haven't we?

Commander: If we stand still, then all our efforts will be wasted.

Commander: I simply want to do something for those girls. After all, their previous sacrifices deserve to be repaid.

Dandelion: You have a point.

Dandelion: And you WOULD think like this now. I do wish you will never change.

Commander: Spoken like you know my future.

Dandelion: You could say that.

Commander: Huh?

Dandelion: But the future is not set in stone, so remember our promises.

Dandelion: Before you step into the grave, tell me what you think of this world.

Dandelion: Until then, never stop striving, never stop struggling. That's the most interesting thing about humans, after all.
Part 2: Bridge of Eternity

    2chevron_right

The Germans' tiltrotor military aircraft takes off smoothly. Ange helps the injured secretary settle into her seat and sits down herself.

Under the engines' continuous thrum, the two women suddenly feel the full force of their fatigue. They both let out a heavy sigh before looking at each other.

Angelia: Does your leg still hurt?

Morridow: It's just a graze... I feel like my trauma is more mental than physical...

Angelia: Really?

Angelia: You look pretty perky to me.

Morridow: It's all just an act!

Morridow: I was scared out of my mind!

Angelia: I told you before we entered the settlement. I thought you were prepared.

Morridow: I was prepared...

Morridow: But I never thought Hopps would be a GIP spy.

Morridow: No wonder Chairwoman Ulrich was always a bit distant around him. She must've known something wasn't right.

Angelia: If Ulrich noticed, so should her secretary, right?

Morridow: Actually, both Hopps and I have started working for Frau Ulrich only fairly recently. To be honest, I didn't know him all that well.

Morridow: He was transferred from the municipal office. We weren't too close in private, but since there hasn't been any problem with security, nobody raised any objections.

Angelia: We didn't make any headway in our investigation at all.

Angelia: (Sighs) What a disappointing trip.

Ange recalls the incidents in the last few days and flicks her hand impatiently.

Seeing her in such deep chagrin, Morridow smiles and tries to console her.

Morridow: Don't give up, Frau Ange.

Morridow: You haven't been here for long. I'm sure things will go better.

Morridow: Just rest up for now.

Angelia: You're right.

Ange rests her chin on a hand and stares thoughtfully at Morridow.

Morridow: What are you thinking about?

Angelia: I'm thinking about what happened in the refugee settlement. There are still a lot of mysteries that haven't been explained.

Morridow: Mysteries?

Morridow: But haven't we already exposed the traitor Hopps?

Angelia: The only reason why I have Ulrich's and K's cooperation is that we have a common enemy.

Angelia: As for why the GIP didn't succeed in capturing us, that's because said enemy doesn't want me to end up in their hands.

Morridow: I thought the GIP plainclothes failed because they and Powell were tripping each other up.

Angelia: The ELID mutation was triggered by the strange powder, which caused something quite similar to what we experienced at the botanical institute.

Angelia: I doubt Powell had the influence to acquire that kind of stuff.

Morridow: You mean it's the same enemy behind the Flora Institute and the refugee settlement?

Angelia: I believe so.

Morridow: So...someone else other than the GIP have their eyes on us.

Morridow: Please help me report this to Chairwoman Ulrich later.

Morridow: We must take all necessary precautions.

Angelia: That's certainly a good idea.

Angelia: But for now, I have a few other questions.

Morridow: Oh, what questions?

Angelia: Our enemy has always been one step ahead of us throughout our investigation.

Angelia: I suspect I might be missing something important.

Angelia: Which is why I would like to ask you some questions, Miss Morridow. I hope you don't mind.

Ange strokes her chin contemplatively as she probes the secretary.

Confronted with Ange's tactful query, Morridow offers a polite answer in return.

Morridow: Please go ahead, Frau Ange. I will tell you everything I know.

Angelia: If I remember correctly, while we were at the Flora Institute, the hallucinogen also rendered you unconscious, correct?

Morridow: Of course. You saw it yourself.

Angelia: Indeed, you were knocked out for some time like the rest of us.

Angelia: But I've noticed that the substance tend to trigger some kind of allergic reaction in people. Hopps and I had nosebleeds.

Angelia: It also happened to J at the refugee camp after he came into contact with the hallucinogen floating in the air.

Angelia: However, you did not seem to have experienced such allergic reaction yourself.

Morridow: Allergic reaction? This kind of thing varies with each individual. I didn't have something as obvious as a nosebleed.

Morridow: Maybe my body simply has more resistance.

Angelia: Perhaps.

Angelia: Then there's another matter concerning the orphanage.

Angelia: Renate told me that while she was searching the different rooms, she saw a girl asking you for candy, but you said you didn't have any.

Morridow: Oh, I really didn't have any candy on me. What's the problem with that?

Angelia: What's strange isn't the fact that you didn't have any candy, but the fact that the children at the orphanage asked you for candy when they saw you.

Angelia: Have you been to the orphanage before?

Angelia: Why would the children know you?

Morridow: Oh...

Morridow: Actually, we've visited this orphanage in the past as it is on PECMAR's list of prospective beneficiaries.

Morridow: That's also why we could arrange your visit with the housemother at such short notice.

Angelia: I see.

Morridow: Speaking of candy.

Morridow: Do you want some?

Morridow: I think it's important to replenish your sugar levels when you're in a bad mood.

Angelia: You have a point.

Morridow fetches a pack of candy from her handbag. Ange extends a hand to accept it.

Angelia: I'm sorry. I'm just trying to sort through the events and figure out what really happened.

Angelia: I apologize if my questions are making you uncomfortable. Please don't take this personally.

Morridow: No problem at all. I know you have your duties, and I'm happy to answer your questions.

Morridow: They don't have to be about work either. Feel free to ask me anything at all.

Angelia: I do find something very strange. Something not exactly related to work.

Morridow: Strange?

Morridow: What do you mean?

Angelia: This, for instance.

The hand Ange has been holding out suddenly snakes around to Morridow's back.

She removes the pistol that's been hidden on Morridow's belt in an instant.

She then immediately disengages the safety and points the pistol directly at Morridow, while keeping two paces away from her.

Angelia: I remember you said you didn't know how to use firearms before we entered the settlement.

Angelia: But you were about to draw your weapon when Hopps was holding you at gunpoint, weren't you?

Angelia: Why did you lie?

Morridow: Oh... Uh...

Morridow: I...I'm so sorry... Actually, the chairwoman asked me to bring along a weapon before I left.

Morridow: I've had some training, but I'm not good at it at all...

Morridow: Back then it looked like I was done for, so I thought I might as well give it a shot...

Angelia: Oh?

Angelia: Is that so?

Morridow: It's true!

Morridow: Please stop pointing the gun at me! You're scaring me...!

Angelia: Your explanation is flawless, but that's some really terrible acting.

Angelia: That's not a look someone with absolutely zero combat experience would give me.

Morridow: Frau Ange, please stop pulling my leg.

Morridow: Or I might really get crossed.

Angelia: Before you do that, why don't you have a piece of your candy?

Angelia: I suppose it contains some kind of chemical that stabilizes your emotion?

Morridow: It's just some normal candy!

Morridow: Enough with the slander, Frau Ange.

Morridow: The aircraft will soon reach the location where we'll be meeting Frau Ulrich, and you can tell her all about your suspicions!

Morridow: You can investigate me all you like, but in the end, I will prove to be innocent!

Angelia: Will you? Then I look forward to—

Before Ange can finish, the bearing of the secretary, who has been pleading with her beseechingly with tears in her eyes, shifts dramatically.

She swipes at the gun pointed at her with her left hand without warning, disrupting Ange's aim.

The unexpected strike causes Ange to pull the trigger out of reflex before the pistol gets knocked out of her hand.

The fired bullet misses its target and hits the wall of the aircraft behind the secretary instead.

Angelia: Hm?!

Taken aback by Morridow's CQC skills, Ange quickly collects herself. She draws her own sidearm and fires another shot directly at Morridow's chest.

However, Morridow's movements once again take her completely by surprise. She reacts almost instantaneously as the shot is fired—faster than what a normal human is capable of.

She ducks out of the bullet's trajectory so quickly it only brushes past her shoulder.

When she straightens up again, the secretary's characteristic genteel smile has vanished, replaced by cold, deadly features contorted into an uncanny grin.

Angelia: ?!

Morridow: Shooting a friend straight in the heart? My, you're stone cold.

Angelia: Haha... I was just bluffing you. Didn't expect you to drop the act just like that.

Angelia: And your reaction speed... Are you a Doll?

Angelia: No, that can't be right. Erwin didn't notice anything strange about you. A new model of Nyto, maybe?

Morridow: Both of those guesses are kind of insulting.

Angelia: While I was dragging you along in the refugee settlement, no matter how much danger we were in, your pulse was very steady the whole time.

Angelia: You're the one behind the appearance of those mutants, I suppose?

Angelia: Since those stupid GIP members wouldn't leave me alone, you just got rid of them.

Morridow: Hopps, the GIP... Those idiots are all just disposable pawns.

Morridow: You're exactly right. My objective has only ever been you, Angelia.

Morridow: But I'm surprised. I thought you would've completely let down your guard around me after we went through fire and water together.

Angelia: Went through fire and water.

Angelia: What a joke.

Angelia: I have absolutely no interest in being such good friends with some Paradeus cultist.

Morridow: Sure, run your mouth. You only have a few more minutes anyway.

Angelia: Humph... So the plane is as shady as you.

Morridow: Too late. We will arrive at our destination very soon.

Morridow: We'll continue our earnest conversation once we reach the base.

Morridow: I'm sure we can talk all day...until you spill everything Father wants to know.

Angelia: Humph, then I'll have to kill you before it comes to that.

The air grows tense in the enclosed space. Ange takes the initiative and breaks the stillness of their confrontation.

Now that she knows her opponent is a Paradeus member with superhuman reflexes, there is no need to hold back anymore. This time, Ange fires directly at her head.

Morridow ducks and charges at Ange immediately.

Without pausing, Ange draws upon her training and fires another two shots at her chest.

Morridow blocks the bullets with her right arm and flings her handbag at Ange.

The pain causes Ange to flinch for a second. Exploiting this momentary weakness, Morridow closes the distance and disarms Ange with a precise kick.

Angelia: She's fast!

Having drawn close to Ange, Morridow gives her no time to react.

She brings down her suspended left leg on Ange's neck and grabs Ange by the dominant arm, then she grapples Ange to the floor, immobilizing the upper half of her body.

With her left arm held in a death grip, Ange tries to break free, but more she struggles, the more force Morridow applies.

Her shoulder joint is screaming in agony.

Morridow: It's time you recognized the truth, Angelia! Join us!

Morridow: Instead of serving those corrupt and obsolete people in the upper crust, follow Paradeus and lead mankind into the future we deserve!

Angelia: You mean a future where everyone gets turned into irradiated zombies?

Morridow: Necessary sacrifices!

Believing that she has the upper hand, Morridow lets down her guard slightly.

Ange seizes this opportunity and draws a combat knife from her belt with her right hand. She then raises the knife and smashes the hilt into her left arm. Her mechanical limb falls off with a clatter.

With her leverage suddenly gone, Morridow sees a flash of white light and rolls aside immediately.

However, the blood seeping through her clothes on one side of her torso shows that Ange's attack has done the trick.

Morridow: Tsk, don't get cocky.

Angelia: So you're not covered in alloy, Miss Nyto.

Angelia: I was wondering which part of you is human.

Morridow: I'm not a Nyto. I'm 100% human.

Morridow: I'm just superior to you.

Angelia: Sounds familiar. That's exactly something a new type of Nyto would say.

Angelia: Those GIP nationalists can't hold a candle to you.

Ange gets to her feet and slowly backs away with her knife pointed at Morridow.

Morridow: Are you trying to anger me? What good would that do?

Morridow: No matter what I am, there will always be an unbridgeable gap between you and me.

Morridow: We are thousands of feet in the air; where can you hide?

Morridow charges in once more. Ange can barely fend off her attack with just a right arm.

Angelia: An unbridgeable gap, huh... You're right, Morridow, we are separated by an unbridgeable gap.

Angelia: But not in terms of our physical strength. You will never understand.

Morridow: Prove it to me, Angelia.

Morridow: Prove me wrong. What can you do?

Angelia: Humph...

Angelia: Lucia!

Ange bellows, and a familiar figure slowly strolls through the cabin door with a wicked smile.

Morridow's face slackens in shock. She is having trouble comprehending this unexpected turn of events.

AK-12: Oh wow, it's been a while since I last saw you get your hands beautifully dirty in a fight, Ange.

AK-12: I thought you didn't need any help and was going to let you take all the credit this time.

Morridow: Why are you... When did you...

Morridow: ...Angelia, you tricked me?

Angelia: You got careless just because you thought you had it in the bag.

Angelia: I suggest you take a look out the window, Morridow.

Morridow: ...!

Morridow turns abruptly to peer outside through the window of the cabin.

Instead of flying south out of the city as she had planned, the freighter is heading towards Magdeburg, where the Soviet Army's External Group of Forces is stationed.

Morridow: How long have you been spinning this web around me?

AK-12: Ange was worried that you wouldn't fall for the ploy, so she asked us to make it look like we got taken out.

AK-12: I've been following you the whole time and I slipped aboard the freighter the moment it landed.

AK-12: Then I had a long chat with your pilot, who happily agreed to catch a nap while I fly the plane.

Morridow: Tsk... I shouldn't have expected so much from the GIP trash.

Angelia: That's right. Neither Powell nor the GIP managed to kill anyone on Task Force DEFY.

Angelia: I was using myself as bait and waiting for big fish like you to bite the hook, but you didn't even suspect it; you just leaped right out of the water—both you and Hopps.

Angelia: You lost it all from the moment you followed me into the refugee settlement, Morridow.

Morridow: Lost? I don't think so, Angelia.

Morridow: Your Wolf Pack may be pretty strong, but it makes no difference to me.

AK-12 aims her weapon straight at the exposed Paradeus agent, her wide-open violet eyes glinting dangerously.

AK-12: I wouldn't try anything funny if I were you.

AK-12: You may have faster reflexes than Ange, but this military-grade Tactical Doll and her automatic rifle would be more than happy to entertain you—with 5.45x39mm full metal jacket AP rounds.

AK-12: Unlike Ange, I don't have a "gone through fire and water together" kind of bond with you. It'd be terrible if my finger slips and I shoot you into Swiss cheese.

Morridow: Oh gee, I'm so scared.

Morridow: If you randomly open fire in this pressurized cabin, we'll all die.

Morridow: You don't want your master to go splat, do you?

AK-12: First of all, Ange isn't my master, just my commander.

AK-12: Secondly, we've prepared parachutes beforehand.

AK-12: Though supply is obviously limited.

Morridow: ...

While they are sparring with words, Morridow slowly inches back.

Just as AK-12 takes notice of her minute movement, Morridow spins around and delivers a side kick.

AK-12 pulls the trigger immediately.

The bullet goes straight through Morridow's leg just before the kick connects.

Blood spurts out of the wounds, causing Morridow to pause in shock.

Bang.

Another gunshot rings out.

This time, the bullet burrows straight into Morridow's unprotected shoulder.

She collapses onto the floor due to the crippling pain.

More blood gushes out, steeping her clothes in crimson wetness. She clasps her shoulder in pain and props herself up against the cabin wall.

Ange stares at her coldly, pistol in hand.

Angelia: Stop trying. It won't work.

Angelia: Since you're oh-so-superior, surely you can tell you don't stand a chance at all.

Morridow: ...So 5.45mm AP rounds can still inflict damage on me at this distance.

Morridow: Hahaha, that's some important data.

Morridow cranes her head up and flashes them a goading smile.

In response to the Paradeus agent's taunt, Ange raises her pistol and aims at her head.

Angelia: None of your tricks.

Angelia: We need you alive so that you can tell us all about William when we get back to Chairwoman Ulrich.

Morridow: Don't count on it.

With that...

Morridow grabs one of the seats in the cabin. Then comes the sound of metal and cables rupturing.

Snap!

Angelia & AK-12: What?!

Morridow throws the torn-off chair at Ange and AK-12. Ange immediately opens fire but her shot is blocked by the chair.

After a bang, air comes tearing and howling in through the cabin door. They realize right away that Morridow has flung open the emergency exit.

Angelia: Dammit! Hold on tight!

It's too late to stop her. Ange grabs a handrail out of reflex, which saves her life.

Meanwhile, also gripping a handrail, Morridow tears out another seat and throws it into the aircraft's nacelle. As the rotor lets out a horrific screech, the entire tiltrotor aircraft starts rocking violently.

With one of the rotors down, the damaged plane spins out of control, knocking everyone onboard off balance.

Angelia: Lucia, get into the cockpit!

Angelia: Try to land this damn thing!

AK-12: On it!

Angelia: You freaking lunatic! Trying to make us join you in hell, huh?

Angelia: Not in a million years!

Morridow: And you think I'll just go quietly with you? "Not in a million years!"

Morridow: There, I'm saying it right back at you, Angelia.

Morridow: Perhaps you'll miss me and come to treasure the time we've spent together.

Morridow: But don't worry, we'll meet again very soon~

Then Morridow throws herself out of the emergency exit and off the freighter.

The aircraft is still continuing its treacherous descent. Ange peers through the window while hanging on for dear life.

However, all she sees is a splash on the surface of the Elbe.

Angelia: So Nytos can already be fully merged with humans...?

Angelia: How many more places have these Paradeus spies infiltrated?

Angelia: Is activating the Relic William's sole objective?

Angelia: The situation here is even more complex than our own country, but no matter how he tries to hide, his twitchy tail has finally given him away.

Angelia: He is right here in Germany. Now it's my turn to go on the offensive.

Angelia: Just you wait, Morridow, William.

Angelia: It won't be long now.

...

【Dual Randomness - END】

(Missing mission ID, can't load credits! Go yell at the site owner!)

After sending off the ambulance that will transport J to the hospital, K climbs into the van with Hopps in the prisoner compartment and prepares to drive off.

Only when the van is safely on the road does he glance at the Doll sitting right behind him.

K: ...

AN-94: ...

K: Hm...

K: Ange really doesn't trust me, huh?

AN-94: I am here under Ange's order to help you. Please don't read too much into it.

K: ...

AN-94: ...

K: ...Cigarette?

AN-94: I don't smoke...

K: Say... No matter how you look at it, J looks more like a spy than I do, don't you think?

AN-94: ...

K: ...

K: Nevermind. You guys don't let anything slip by. That's what makes you perfect for this job.

AN-94: ...

K: Wanna go out for a drink later?

AN-94: No, thanks.

The van drives on in oppressive silence.

K stares at the glowing tip of his cigarette without taking a single drag.

K: Hey, right now, don't you think we look like we're...

AN-94: Not at all.

