UMP40: Go on. The time has come to rewrite our fate.

...

...

UMP45: ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!

Bang—

The memento from UMP40 dug painfully into her palm as UMP45 gripped it tight while heading for the exit.

The main door wasn't far off, and if she could leave through there, she would survive. That was her only hope.

Griffin Doll A: I thought...there wouldn't be any more survivors.

A familiar figure leaned against the wall, seemingly in a great deal of pain. She was blocking the only passage that UMP45 could take to the main gate.

This was the leader of Squad 7, a Doll that UMP45 had seen before — M16.

UMP45: You recognize me?

M16A1: What do you think?

UMP45: I don't know. There's S.F. everywhere. There are too many enemies and I don't even know what happened.

No, the truth was that she knew very well what had happened.

This was the first time UMP45 had ever lied, but it could not feel any more natural to her.

M16A1: Well, I'm in a pretty sorry state myself. So, can you open this door, member of Support Team 14?

UMP45: I believe I can.

45 walked up to the door terminal. UMP40 had told her that she could open it by forcing a connection.

Hopefully, it hadn't been locked down yet.

After a fairly brief procedure, the door opened with some ear-splitting noise.

UMP45: Alright, ready to go?

M16A1: Thanks, I guess I was luck...

M16 suddenly stopped talking, and her gaze slowly turned ice-cold.

It was just a small detail, but it was definitely unnatural.

There was no way of explaining it.

M16A1: Say, where's that Doll you're always following around? Her name is UMP40, right?

UMP45 squeezed the dog tags in her hand tightly and answered in a calm, even tone.

UMP45: She died.

M16A1: So why isn't there even a single scratch on you?

UMP45 paused for less than a second, but that was all the answer M16 needed.

Both their guns fired at once, and as bullets spewed forth, both Dolls dove for cover.

UMP45 inspected her body. She had taken several hits, but she could still move.

UMP45: Her radio kept me from taking a critical wound.

UMP45: You're always saving me, 40.

M16A1: The answer is simple, then. It was you, wasn't it?

M16A1: The alarms, the Sangvis forces, the escape of the target...

M16A1: Come out and surrender. As a comrade, I'll make it quick and clean.

Yes, she's completely right.

Yes, she ought to take responsibility for this.

Yes, she should have died.

M16A1: Don't even try to put up a fight. I'm sure you know what your odds are, given your specs.

UMP45: The only thing I know...is "what's right". That's all...

UMP45: But I need to make it out of here today, no matter what.

UMP45: I must survive, no matter the cost!

Bangbangbang—

Bangbangbang—

UMP45 dove from one piece of cover to another, clearly struggling. The onslaught of M16's bullets left no room for her to return fire.

Worse, she had already expended most of her ammunition in the previous battle.

She needed to move. M16 was right — given UMP45's specs, she stood no chance at all in a fight against the elite.

All she could do was rely on her speed to shake off this veteran Doll.

Getting past her was impossible, so her only option was to return to the base and find another exit.

M16A1: Come to your senses! There's no way you can escape!

UMP45: No wonder you made it. You're right, there's an overwhelming difference between us.

UMP45: But I must live. I, too, have a reason to survive!

M16A1: You can go to hell with your reason, traitor!

UMP9: This should work!

UMP45: Urgh! No, I have to... I have to...

UMP45: ...9?

UMP9: You know who I am?

UMP9: Thank goodness! Guys! I pulled 45's mind back!

Having regained consciousness, UMP45 finds herself lying on the ground. The other members of Squad 404 have their backs to her as they keep a lookout.

She can't see any S.F. around, nor can she hear M16's irritating voice.

UMP45: Looks like there's nothing left for me to do.

Gr G11: Ah, the hag's awake!

416: You did that on purpose, didn't you?!

416: Passing out before the fighting starts and conveniently "waking up" once the fighting's done?

416: Well, still kicking, are we?

Taking the hand offered by her teammate, UMP45 pulls herself up to her feet.

UMP45: I had a nightmare that was interrupted halfway.

UMP45: How are things?

416: After we took down that batch of S.F., 9 did a scan and picked up some traces of Intruder.

416: We suspect she was used by M16 as a relay node for the hacking attack against you.

UMP9: Yes...we tried to give chase, but she seemed very familiar with the terrain here. Plus, you were in a bad state, so we didn't press on with the pursuit.

UMP9: That said, I can still follow her signal. Want to go after her?

UMP45: M16's little trick might be a disaster waiting to happen. We can't just ignore it.

UMP45: Plus, that Sangvis ringleader might know something about DEFY.

416: I knew you'd say that.

UMP9: Still, you might get hacked again if you got close to Intruder, 45...

UMP45: She really is obsessed, isn't she? If only she could direct that passion onto her sister.

416: After all, you ARE the only one here with a command module. Taking you out would solve a problem for S.F. with a minimal expenditure of effort.

416: That's exactly her style.

UMP45: Thank you for introducing your old partner in such detail. However, we really need to move now.

416: ...Let's go.
Part 2: Enantiometer Overload II

2

Several minutes later.

416: Enough dawdling back there, Gr G11!

Gr G11: I was just thinking...the symbols on the walls looked really familiar, why are you snapping at me...

Gr G11: They just showed up, but they're getting denser the further ahead we go... Could they be a warning sign or something?

UMP9: You mean these overlapping triangles with a little dot in the center?

UMP9: I have no idea what these symbols mean...

UMP45: Well, whatever they mean, at the very least they're a sign that we're getting closer to something important.

UMP45: 9, can you still follow Intruder's position?

UMP9: I can, but most of the surrounding sectors are blocked off by gates. We won't be able to get to her position while the base's power supply is offline.

416: So do we need to turn back and find the power room?

UMP9: Nope... I think we're actually heading to the power room through a different entrance...

UMP45: What a coincidence. It's as though Intruder was deliberately guiding us there.

UMP45 looks at the darkened end of the corridor. The map indicates that the electrical control room is waiting for them just ahead.

UMP9: 45, I can detect several S.F. signals inside the power room, as well as...

UMP45: As well as what?

UMP9: As well as two Nyto-like signals...

UMP9: But they're not moving at all. They're like the Sangvis corpses we saw in the passage just now.

UMP45: Hmm... Maybe they killed each other.

UMP45: Stay alert. Spread out.

UMP45: 416, check the entrance with me.

416: No problem. The door seems to have been broken down.

UMP45: Well, whoever did it has done us a huge favor.

UMP45 and 416 gently push open the half-broken door and cautiously enter the room. They are followed by UMP9 and Gr G11, who jog in without making a sound.

Squad 404 sweeps the room from left to right. As expected, they find two black-clad Nytos standing in the power room, in the middle of a circle made out of Sangvis units.

The Nytos and S.F. Dolls are all inanimate, their heads drooping, like puppets on strings.

UMP9: This is really creepy...

416: Would you mind giving me some space, Gr G11?! I can't aim properly!

Gr G11: But...but...they look so scary...

Gr G11: What if they all move at once...!

UMP9: Shhh... Quiet... Don't jinx it!

UMP45: Did they hack each other mid-battle?

UMP45: I've never seen a situation where both sides crashed at the same time.

UMP45: Dandelion was right - there are Nytos, but they aren't armed like the ones in previous records.

UMP9: I don't see any other Paradeus autonomous units either. So it was just the Nytos fighting S.F.?

UMP45: Looks like it.

UMP45: The Nytos aren't very well-equipped either. What the hell was this base used for...?

416: What if the Nytos shut these S.F. forces down, then M16 shut them down in turn?

Gr G11: What's with this matryoshka doll situation...? I don't get it...

UMP9: 45, the backup power supply is still functional. Maybe we could try looking for DEFY through the closed-circuit system.

UMP45: Is that our only option?

UMP9: Yes. It seems the interior of this base has been signal-proofed. We can't communicate with the Commander and the others from our present position.

UMP9: That's also the reason why we won't be able to find DEFY if they're too far away, to say nothing of getting in touch with them.

UMP9: However, the closed circuit system uses the base's internal landlines, which shouldn't be affected by the signal blocking.

UMP9: Perhaps we could give it a try?

UMP45: By all means, then.

UMP9: One sec... This might take a while.

416: DEFY aside, are you sure you want to reactivate the power while we're in the middle of a pile of enemies?

UMP45: If there's no power, would you mind raising each gate by hand?

416: But what if the enemy suddenly appears and surrounds us if we restart the power?

UMP45: From what I know, you were never this paranoid before.

416: I just think this base is weird.

416: At first, I thought that this place would be heavily guarded...but everything seems to be different from what I anticipated.

UMP45: Reality often ends up going against our expectations.

UMP9: Ah, 45! I found them!

UMP9: I can see them through the closed circuit cameras, they appear to be alright!

UMP45: Can we talk to them?

UMP9: We can with this!

UMP45: The mic?

UMP9: That's right. It looks like an internal communications system for the base. It's not too secure, but we can't really be bothered about that now!

UMP45: Can't be helped then. Hello, can you hear me?

AK-12: Aha, yes, we hear you.

AK-12: Hello, this is the Military, please identify yourselves for follow-up contact.

UMP45: This is UMP45.

UMP45: If you're in the mood to crack jokes like this, you must be feeling pretty relaxed, unlike those two new teammates of yours.

AK-12: So it's UMP45.

AK-12: Looks like you've already met, which saves me the trouble of introducing them.

UMP45: I didn't think I'd have to wipe DEFY's butts twice. What a medal of honor for my career as a T-Doll.

AK-12: Well, your usual work is hardly more honorable than this. One rarely gets the chance to carry out such enjoyable missions.

UMP45: Are you disappointed? I thought you'd be dying to hear a friendly voice.

AK-12: Well, I'm kind of disappointed that you aren't the Commander, but given the urgency of the situation, I guess you'll do.

UMP45: Humph. Alright, enough nonsense.

UMP45: What's the situation inside the base? Be as brief as possible.

AK-12: We snuck into the second underground level, found Paradeus' research labs, then S.F. rushed in and all hell broke loose.

UMP45: Yeah, we noticed.

AK-12: After that, someone cut the power. Now we're stuck in a quarantine compartment on the second floor.

UMP45: Where's Ange?

AK-12: She's trapped in another area, and she's in a pretty tricky situation.

UMP45: Is she surrounded by the enemy?

AK-12: If only it were that simple. It's hard to explain.

AK-12: In any case, we need you to get us out ASAP.

UMP45: We'll restart the power, then sync you a set of coordinates where we'll meet up.

AK-12: The signal isolation on level 2 is incredibly strong and we can't really pinpoint locations.

AK-12: Come on down to level 2 and find a way to join us. It's not too big down here.

UMP45: I'll think of something.

AK-12: Oh yes, just a reminder, if you encounter any crashed S.F. or Paradeus, stay well clear of them.

AK-12: I don't know why they've shut down, but these statue impostors are easily reactivated by external stimuli.

UMP45: ...

AK-12: Then again, you've always been a squad that excels at infiltration, so it shouldn't be a problem for you.

UMP45: Stay put once the power comes back up. We'll be right over.

The communication ends.

UMP9: Er...

Gr G11: So...can I step outside the room before you restart the power?

416: Don't even think about it. Take care of the three targets on the right.

Gr G11: So many?!

UMP45: Stop wasting time. Find a good defensive position. Once the power goes back up, we'll think of a way to avoid fighting these statues. Let them continue killing each other.

UMP45 makes a hand gesture, indicating the position of the control panel.

The members of Squad 404 pick a spot close to the exit and wait for 45 to restart the power.

UMP45: (Inhales) You ready?

UMP45 studies the control panel, then resolutely throws the master power switch.

In an instant, the entire world lights up.

The shrill sound of alarms and pipe friction scrape assault 404's auditory modules, and the Nytos and Sangvis forces resume their maniacal attack on each other, like an unpaused movie.

Gr G11: Uwah—!

Gr G11: They really came back to life!

416: Cut the crap! Let's get out of here before they spot us!
Part 3: Recrystalization Resolution I

3

UMP45: Looks like they've given up on pursuing us...

416: Fortunately they were focused on attacking each other... Otherwise we'd have had a hard time shaking off that many Sangvis units.

UMP9: Why were they fighting that hard?

UMP9: As far as I can tell, the Dolls back in that room weren't even linked to the outside world.

UMP45: You mean nobody's commanding those S.F. units?

UMP9: Exactly... And those Nytos...felt like unfinished products.

UMP45: This base is pretty strange to begin with, but this isn't a problem we have to worry about. Can you still follow Intruder's signal?

UMP9: Yes, but it feels like she's keeping a fixed distance from us. What is she up to?

416: Is she trying to hack you again? Or is she luring us into a trap?

UMP45: ...There must be a reason for S.F. to be acting the way they are. If they're not a threat, we'll prioritize finding DEFY and Ange.

UMP45: Can you find a way to the next level?

UMP9: Three more quarantine compartments and we'll reach it... However, we'll run into Intruder along the way.

UMP45: Well, if she wants a fight, she'll get one.

UMP45: Squad, advance cautiously!
Part 4: Shattered Plane of Polarization I

4

This isn't the first time it has happened, but I awaken as the pain courses through me like an electrical current and drags my mind out of the darkness.

Commander: Where...am I?

I open my eyes, but I can't see anything. The thick, acrid smoke stabs through my nostrils and into my head.

The air I inhale seems to sear my lungs, and all I can feel is the rolling waves of heat around me.

Commander: Is this some kind of stress-induced blindness? ...Dammit. At least I can still hear.

???: Commander, please stay still. Regulate your breathing.

???: Come, there isn't much time.

A cool towel covers my nose, making the choking stench a lot more bearable.

Commander: Who are you?

???: One of your Dolls. Please conserve your strength.

I scramble for my thoughts in the darkness that can't be dispersed.

Commander: Oh—!

A jolt of stabbing pain helps me swiftly piece together my memories.

Commander: That noise... Was it the coastal defense artillery?

???: It was a Military high explosive shell. Can you move?

???: I'm going to help you up now. Please follow me.

My mind begins to clear. My visions still hasn't returned, but it seems my body hasn't taken critical damage...

Commander: Alright... Where are the others?

???: I'm going to exert force now. One, two, hup!

Commander: Ugh...

She doesn't answer. Instead, she focuses all her strength and energy on supporting my weight. Her scrawny shoulders are so hot they're practically on fire.

Every step forward is swift, but very careful.

???: Please walk this way. Yes, over here.

???: I'm sorry, but the fire in the carriage is too great and I couldn't get to you sooner.

???: Here, hold on to this. Now jump out. Someone will catch you.

Commander: Is there a fire? What about yourself?

???: I am fine. I will go see if anyone else can be saved.

Commander: Who are you? Tell me your name!

???: I am simply a Doll of yours.

???: The Commander's here! Catch!

The Doll behind me gives me a light shove. I fall downwards, and the sensation of weightlessness makes me uneasy.

A fraction of a second later, this agitation is soothed by countless hands taking firm hold of me.

My body moves quickly as I'm being lifted away.

Boom—

A series of terrifying explosions erupt in the direction which I just came from.

???: Move aside! Where's Kalina? The Commander has been found and requires medical treatment!

???: Commander!

Commander: That voice... Is that you, Kalina? Are you alright?

Kalina: Yes, yes... I'm okay. You can't see me?

Commander: I'm sorry, but something seems to have happened to my eyes. I can't see anything for the time being.

Kalina: I'll give you first aid right away.

Commander: Hm... How are our echelons? Who was the Doll that just rescued me?

Kalina: ...

Kalina doesn't answer. She merely tends to my wounds. I can feel her hands tremble through the gauze she's applying.

I can faintly make out the sounds of suppressed sobbing.

Commander: Kalina? Tell me.

Kalina: The train was hit by a HEAP round... It's completely destroyed now...

Kalina: The section of the quarantine wall around us was also caught in the blast. The entire room was set on fire and I was pulled out by the Dolls who rushed inside...

Kalina: You were pinned under heavy debris. Our Dolls charged into the burning room to rescue you, but several of them didn't make it back out...

Commander: ...

Kalina: Commander, have we lost?

Commander: ...

For a moment, I do not know how to answer this girl, who has always been so optimistic.

Kalina: ...It's done.

Kalina: Commander, try opening your eyes.

At Kalina's suggestion, I open my eyes again...

I am sitting on a patch of empty ground, surrounded by a group of surviving Dolls.

Many of them are scarred by shrapnel and bear severe scorch marks.

They look at me with lost and despondent eyes, as though they already know how this is all going to end, but they say nothing.

I look down and see that Kalina has the same look in her eyes.

Commander: Kalina, who was the one who rescued me just now?

Kalina: I don't know either. Too many Dolls rushed in to put out the fire.

Commander: Alright... I understand.

Commander: Where's Dandelion?

Kalina: She was trapped on the other side by the explosion.

Kalina: We can still contact her, though the connection is intermittent.

Commander: Hand me the communicator.

Commander: Dandelion, can you hear me...? Give me a quick rundown of the situation.

Dandelion: Less than 5% of our Dolls remain.

Dandelion: Are we still going to fight?

Commander: ...Yes, we'll continue to fight. All our previous plans are now unusable. Can you help me come up with a new one?

Dandelion: Griffin still has a chance of victory, even if the probability of success is less than 1%.

Commander: Tell me now.

Dandelion: Although the coastal defense artillery opened fire on our train, the AR Team has regained control of the cannon.

Dandelion: Although the Military will counterattack, we have a chance to fire one shot.

Dandelion: I need the coordinates of the enemy armored train so we can give them a taste of their own medicine.

Commander: Kalina, have DEFY go scout out the Military's position!

Kalina: Yes, Commander, right away!

Dandelion: We can no longer hold this location. Squad 404 has entered the base following DEFY's withdrawal route. I recommend we do the same.

Dandelion: After entering the base, we should destroy the entrance. Perhaps that will buy us some time.

Commander: Understood. I hope these delaying tactics will still be useful.

Dandelion: Also, there aren't many Dolls left here. I've already done a final neural cloud backup, so I believe my presence is no longer needed here.

Dandelion: From now on, I will be assisting Lunasia. Please take care, Commander.

Commander: Go, then. Make sure they come back alive.

Commander: As long as you survive...
Part 5: Recrystalization Resolution II

5

...On the other side of the battlefield.

The shore gun's mechanisms are running at full speed, and the clamor of the machinery even manages to drown out the sound of gunfire outside.

M4 frantically fiddles with the cannon's fire control systems, trying to figure out how to aim the cannon as quickly as possible.

Once the hacking is successful, she immediately attempts to establish communications with the Commander, but her only response from the channel is static.

M4A1: Dandelion, do you copy?! What's the situation now?

Dandelion: Lunasia, the Commander is still alive, but we can no longer use the quarantine wall as a line of defense.

Dandelion: Griffin's situation is critical. Are you ready to fire?

M4A1: Ready to fire anytime! How's the loading going?

ST AR-15: 15 seconds until it's done!

M4A1: Does the Commander have a plan?

Dandelion: Griffin has taken grievous losses. They are now withdrawing to the sectors within the base which 404 have already explored.

Dandelion: They desperately need fire support from you.

M4A1: Got it! We'll cover them as best as we can!

ST AR-15: M4, loading complete!

M4A1: Ready to fire! What are the coordinates?

Dandelion: I've already sent you the location of the train that DEFY found.

M4A1: Received!

M4A1: Commencing firing sequence!

The gigantic coastal defense artillery gun slowly adjusts its angle...

A thunderous cannon blast drowns out all other sound, and the mighty shockwave from the cannon's muzzle even knocks over some of the attacking soldiers.

The soldiers take advantage of the massive clouds of dust that have been thrown up to make a charge, but they are repelled by the defending AR Team again and again.

Radio: Quartz to Terra!

Radio: The enemy is firing the shore gun! Please withdraw immediately!

Radio: I repeat, please withdraw immediately!

Yegor: What?!

Adjutant: The enemy's taken control of the coastal defense gun and they're firing at—

Before the officer can finish speaking, the shell fired by the coastal artillery impacts near the armored train.

The titanic impact of the shell rocks the armored train violently.

The shockwave throws Yegor against a wall, and the ammunition and documents on the table are scattered all over the floor.

Yegor: Dammit!

Yegor: Start the train up immediately! Our shields can't stop rounds of that size!

Officer: Right away, sir!

Dandelion: The first shot was off target. The Military trains are starting to move.

M4A1: Correcting trajectory... You won't get away this time!

As the Military trains sluggishly heave themselves into motion, the second shell from the shore gun whistles past and scores a direct hit on the rearmost train.

The train continues forward on momentum, but soon a massive explosion erupts from within it. The main cannon is blasted high into the air and excavates a huge crater when it finally lands.

The train itself blazes ferociously, and burning soldiers struggle to free themselves in a frenzy.

Adjutant: Train 4 has been destroyed!

Yegor: Tsk! Proceed at full speed toward the quarantine wall and smash that pile of Griffin trash aside! All units, hit them hard!

Yegor: Destroy Griffin at all costs!

M4A1: What's the situation now?

Dandelion: The second shot hit the armored train.

M4 SOPMOD II: I saw it from here!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's just like fireworks! Boom — to kingdom come!

ST AR-15: We have enough rounds; we can keep shooting!

M4A1: Alright, we'll continue supporting the Commander!

M4A1: RO, are the enemy still trying to attack?

RO635: That's strange, the infantry attacks have tapered off...

RO635: I have a bad feeling about this...

Before long, the Dolls feel an explosion and shockwave above them.

RO635: Looks like they're thinking of destroying the cannon directly since they can't take it!

RO635: I suggest we get out of here ASAP; if the cannon comes crashing down, it might bring the whole place down along with it!

M4A1: Hold on just a little longer!

M4A1: Every shell we fire will ease the pressure on the Commander!

ST AR-15: I agree, this shore gun seems very solid. I'm sure it'll last a while longer!

Dandelion: The Military is launching an all-out attack.

Dandelion: Their vanguard has made it past the quarantine wall and they are drawing closer to the remnants of Griffin's forces.

M4A1: Adjust the cannon's firing angle, we need to buy the Commander more time to withdraw!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahhhh, what a pain! It's like a piece of chewing gum in your hair; you just can't pull it off!

M4A1: RO, take SOP-II and secure our route into the base!

RO635: Got it! SOP-II, follow me!

M4A1: 15, hang in there just a little longer!

M4A1: We need to fire one more round!

ST AR-15: No problem!
Part 6: Shattered Plane of Polarization II

6

...During the evacuation of the Griffin echelons.

Commander: Hurry, everyone!

Commander: Don't get too absorbed in fighting! We can make a counterattack once we get into the base!

The Commander and the remaining Dolls make a mad dash across the open ground, and the new members of Task Force DEFY bring the comatose K with them as they join the withdrawing Dolls.

Not too far away, Military soldiers and autonomous units pour through the barrier gate. The soldiers who have already reached cover immediately begin raining fire on them.

A blast from the shore gun descends from the sky, accurately striking the leading edge of the Military's vanguard. The massive explosion flips several IFVs over and the cloud of smoke obscures the Military's field of vision.

Griffin has gained valuable time to retreat.

Dandelion: Commander, do you read me?

Dandelion: Lunasia can't hold out any longer. That shot was the final bit of help she could give you.

Commander: Understood! Thanks for the support!

Dandelion: However, that will not be enough to stop the Military. You must destroy the base entrance to delay their advance. After that, I will lead the AR Team in entering the base via another entrance to link up with you.

Commander: Got it! We'll think of a way to bring down the entrance!

Dandelion: That said, you are on a tight schedule here, and it will take you a while to plant the explosives. The Military's vanguard will not let you catch your breath. You will need a covering party to buy you time.

Commander: What...

Dandelion: I know this is a difficult choice, but you can't afford to hesitate given the present situation.

Dandelion: I have selected several Dolls who have volunteered to serve as the rear guard. The final decision is yours.

Commander: Dammit!

I know this is a necessary decision, but when the time comes to choose who will secure our rear...

Even though I've been told not to hesitate, guilt and regret still threaten to overwhelm me.

M82: Commander, my injuries are relatively light, so please allow me to join the rear guard team!

CF-05: Commander, I can still fight!

INSAS: Commander, I'm perfectly fine!

Webley: Commander, please let me lead them.

I stop and look at these Dolls, who are volunteering to hold the line.

Commander: Do you know what kind of order this is?

Commander: Do you really understand what being the rear guard under these circumstances entails?

M82: I do... Miss Dandelion has already synced the details of the mission to us.

CF-05: If we can delay the enemy, you will have a chance to win...

Webley: And it means Griffin can continue to fight on...

Commander: ...

Webley: Commander, please give the order.

But no matter how hard I try, I simply cannot bring myself to utter the words. In the end, all I can manage is a silent nod.

Commander: It has been an honor to fight by your side.

Webley: Same here, Commander! I swear we will complete the mission.

The petite Doll holds herself high and salutes me decorously, as though the mighty foes behind her were hardly worth mentioning.

M82: Goodbye, Commander.

INSAS: I know you'll think of me until you want to cry, but still, I must cruelly bid you farewell.

CF-05: Bye bye, Commander.

The rear guard team and their Dummies run toward the Military without any hesitation, using what little cover there is as they return fire to the Military units.

Commander: It has been an honor to fight by your side!

I shout those words at their receding backs one last time... Then I turn, force myself to stride forward, and break into a run.

I dare not look back again.

For their sake, I have to live on.

...And I have to win.
Part 7: Asymmetric Induction I

7

The rear guard team has taken massive damage from the Military's heavy bombardments.

Webley: Wounded Dolls, get to cover and repair yourselves on the spot! Other Dolls, provide cover fire!

Webley: INSAS, how are you?

INSAS: Hmph, mind yourself, don't...

Boom—

Webley: INSAS?

CF-05 shakes her head.

Webley: ...

Webley: Keep firing! Don't stop moving!

Webley: Valmet, why are you still here?

Webley: Parts are falling off your body! Didn't I tell you to go repair yourself?!

M82: Save it, Leader. I know you're trying to trick me into resting so you can hold "slacking off in battle" over me as leverage in the future...

Webley: ...

CF-05: Hi~ Does anyone still have ammo? I'm out!

Webley: Here's the last box... Take it!

M82: I'm out too...

Webley: That's it then...

CF-05: Don't give up so soon, girls! Since we gave the Commander our word, we have to fight to the very last moment!

...

The battered rear guard team fires the last of their ammunition.

Webley: Everyone, gather round.

M82: What is it, Leader?

Webley: Take this. They're explosives I secretly brought along.

Webley: You know how to use them, right?

M82: Of course.

CF-05: We just need to stick the detonator in, right?

Webley: Alright. Go hide in a crater and wait for the enemy to come. Any last words?

M82: What, you mean I can take a paid vacation now?

CF-05: Got any rations? I want something spicy.

Webley: I can't believe you're in the mood to joke around at a time like this. Looks like your tears are just a lie.

CF-05: Says you, even though your eyes are red.

M82: Ha! Aren't you also trembling yourself, Leader?

Webley: Ahem, well, that aside, I think I'll steal the Commander's words.

Webley: It has been an honor to fight by your side.

M82: As if that needed to be said.

CF-05: Treat me to hotpot when we get back.

The two of them run to a distant trench, and their enemies soon catch up with them.

They don't need to estimate the distance between themselves and the enemy, because right now...they're close enough to hear the footsteps of the enemy's mechanical feet.

A pair of explosions follow shortly afterwards, and Webley sighs.

Webley: Send him victorious, happy and glorious, long to reign over us, God save the King!

A third explosion rings out.

On the quarantine wall, at an observation point.

RPK-16: The rear guard force has been overrun.

Commander: ...

AK-15: Shall we detonate?

RPK-16: All the Dolls are inside the base, Commander. Give the order.

Commander: Do it. Blow the damn thing to hell.

AK-15: Received.

The demolished base entrance is covered in layer upon layer of rubble. It has been completely destroyed.

Yegor: Terra to Hematite. What is your progress? Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies. We've broken through their defense line. The Griffin remnants have destroyed the base entrance. We're searching for another entry point.

Yegor: Humph. Futile death throes.

Yegor: Terra to Quartz, sitrep.

Military Officer: We've destroyed the shore gun. The enemy can no longer carry out fire support.

Military Officer: Requesting permission to halt the attack. We've taken excessive casualties. We'll enter the base through the breach in the quarantine wall once we send our wounded to the rear.

Yegor: Permission denied! Enter the quarantine wall immediately! We must take control of the base as soon as possible!

Military Officer: ...

Military Officer: Understood, we're moving out now.

On the AR Team's end.

M4A1: The enemy attack seems to have slowed. Let's hurry back to the base and meet up with the Commander.

ST AR-15: But their armored units are still on the perimeter. Even if we rendezvous with them, we might end up getting wiped out together.

RO635: Still, we can't stay here and wait to be killed.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right! Even if we're finished, we need to take a few of the bad guys down with us!

M4A1: Dandelion, there are too many Military armored units for us to handle. We're on the way back to the base.

M4A1: How are things with the Commander?

Dandelion: Griffin has withdrawn to the interior of the base. They have blown up the southern entrance and the Military is unable to fire on them for the time being.

Dandelion: However, your position is extremely dangerous. The Military's main forces are on their way to rendezvous with the armored units on your side.

M4A1: I see them already...

Dandelion: You haven't been discovered yet. Avoid those Military units and come to the north entrance. I will meet you there.

M4A1: The Military will surely attack again once they link up. What can we do about that?

Dandelion: If you trust me, I do have a suggestion.

M4A1: What do you suggest?

Dandelion: First, you will have to reach my position. I have already marked a route for you.

Dandelion: Once you reach me, I will explain what to do next.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: We will avoid the Military and regroup with you. M4 out.
Part 8: Optical Isomer

    8chevron_right

Dandelion: You were faster than I expected. That's the AR Team for you.

M4A1: The Military units have linked up and they're preparing to attack this place. So, what's your plan?

RO635: Sorry to interrupt, M4, but I just detected some Nyto and Sangvis signals.

M4 SOPMOD II: Nyto AND Sangvis?

M4 SOPMOD II: So which side should I fight? Or should I kill them all?

ST AR-15: ...Don't fight any of them.

M4A1: So...that's your plan?

Dandelion does not reply right away. Instead, she leads M4 to the gate.

Dandelion: After this, I will need your neural cloud to be closely synchronized with my consciousness. I need you to devote 100% of your effort to supporting my operations, and you must not second-guess my actions in any way.

M4A1: ...Right.

Dandelion cracks the code to the gate and the heavy hatch slowly opens.

What M4 sees next are Nytos and S.F. units in the depths of the base, densely packed as far as the eye can see.

M4A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Why...aren't these enemies moving?

Dandelion: M4, do you trust me?

M4A1: I thought I've answered that question already.

Dandelion: No. What I mean is, do you TRULY trust me? Can you understand me and not fear me?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: I don't know how to answer you.

Dandelion: That, too, is an answer in itself.

M4 senses Dandelion connecting to the statue-like Dolls. The massive processing load makes her chest feel hot.

Dandelion slowly walks toward the Nytos, and as she approaches them, the Nytos in the front begin to stir.

The Sangvis units around the Nytos also open their eyes, and the darkness is lit up by these orbs of savage crimson.

Dandelion: Don't follow me.

Dandelion ignores the Nytos' hostility and continues walking with calm and unhurried steps, as though she were alone.

ST AR-15: M4...

RO635: Is this really going to be alright?

M4 SOPMOD II: Is she going to wake those Nytos and S.F.?

M4A1: I don't know. I really don't know.

One of the Nytos raises her arm, and the Sangvis Doll next to her fires a shot at Dandelion.

The round impacts near Dandelion's feet. Their threatening intentions are plain to see.

Dandelion: Don't be scared. I am here to bring you home.

Dandelion spreads her arms and walks toward the Nytos.

The lead Nyto's arm shudder, but she still gives her next command—

The Sangvis Dolls around her raise their weapons in unison.

M4A1: Dandelion!

Dandelion: Stay back!

M4A1: ...!

Dandelion approaches the Nytos once again, and the S.F. forces around them begin to tremble.

Dandelion: They have been imprisoned here all this time, and just when their only hope of escape appeared, they were once again locked up.

M4A1: What do you mean?

Dandelion: Your former teammate caused this.

M4A1: You mean...M16?

Dandelion: ...Merge with me.

Dandelion gathers the lead Nyto into her embrace. The Nyto hesitates, then reaches out her arms and returns the embrace.

The two black-clad girls hug each other tightly, like a shadow blending into the night.

The Nytos and Sangvis forces behind them collapse in unison, but after a brief moment, they stand up again and start walking toward the main gate.

ST AR-15: M4... This is...

M4A1: It's fine. I can sense that they're no longer hostile.

The Nytos lead the S.F. Dolls past the AR Team, who stare at them with silent bewilderment, and walk outside the gate.

Dandelion: Let's go. They'll buy us time.

M4A1: Did you...consume their neural clouds?

Dandelion: I simply joined with them - became one with them.

Dandelion: Whether they're Griffin's backups or these poor, pitiful Nytos, I simply gave them the right to live on.

M4A1: Live on...

Dandelion: Coalescence is not necessarily a mistake. Ego and acceptance are not entirely opposed to each other.

Dandelion: Lunasia, the change you can bring will be far greater than what I can do, and when the time comes, I hope you will not refuse.

M4A1: ...

Dandelion: Let us hurry and meet with the Commander. These Dolls will not last long. We need to get to the base as soon as possible to prepare.

M4A1: Yeah... Let's move out ASAP.

The team starts making their way into the base, and just before she enters the building, M4 looks back at the Nytos. The sun illuminates the sleeves of their black dresses, casting a gentle radiance on them.

Although the Nytos have always been their enemies, for some reason, she is suddenly overcome by sympathy and a sense of nostalgia at the sight of these girls.

However, there is no turning back now.

M4 looks away. She knows that these girls in black will soon drown in red.

M16: Any last words, traitor?

UMP45: Just a little more...

M16: What's this, still putting up a fight?

UMP45: ...I wonder which of us is the real traitor?

M16: Are those your parting words? Farewell, UMP45.

UMP45: Now!

Inside the base, on the second underground level.

UMP45: Ugh...

UMP45 is advancing cautiously when she suddenly loses her balance and has to steady herself against a nearby wall.

The other Dolls in her team immediately stop in place and go to high alert.

UMP45: Dammit, they've detected me...

UMP45: The hacking attempts are getting stronger.

UMP45: But why don't they simply acquire access authorizations over my neural cloud? Why do they keep trying to read my memories of that operation instead?

UMP9: 45, are you alright?!

UMP45: I'm...fine...

416: You don't look fine at all.

Gr G11: Why does it feel like you keep breaking down today?

416: Shut your face. Keep an eye on our rear.

Gr G11: Ehhh... All right...

416: Your motor control is deteriorating.

416: Looks like the hacking's started up again, am I right?

UMP45: Humph... It never stopped...

UMP9: Wait, seriously?!

UMP9: Then we have to help you now!

UMP45: No need for that. Attacks like these can't break through my firewalls. The opposition is sustaining the forced connection in a very strange way.

UMP9: Huh? Then will you be alright?

UMP9: Should I shut down your interface ports like we did earlier?

UMP45: No. I'm using the enemy's hacking attempts to backtrace their location.

UMP45: I've already found a backdoor into them. They've probably realized this because they're intensifying their attacks on me...

416: Wait a minute, if they've discovered your ability to counter-hack them, can't they just break the connection?

UMP45: That's what's so intriguing. It would seem they are just as reluctant to disconnect as I am.

UMP9: How do you figure?

UMP45: It's simple. Both of us are trying to find something in each others' neural clouds...

UMP45: Still, this is a chance for us. The opposition is located in the direction where we're headed. If I successfully hack them, I might be able to gain some important information.

UMP45: The fact is, we know nothing about what's ahead of us, and that's dangerous.

UMP9: In that case, let me share some of the processing load.

UMP45: There's a chance that the signal source is contaminated. There might be a virus...

416: We don't have time for this kind of nonsense. Since when have we done anything that wasn't dangerous?

416: 9, hurry and plug yourself in. Try and take them down in one shot.

UMP9: Okay!

UMP9: 45, I'm coming in!

UMP45: What will I do with you... You have to disconnect immediately if any virus comes after you.

UMP9: Leave it to me, 45!
Part 2: Mixing

2

...

UMP45: The link is broken...

416: Looks like we can finally breathe easy.

UMP45: Did you steal the data from the enemy's neural cloud?

UMP9: Yeah, I did what you told me.

UMP9: But...

UMP45: But what?

UMP9: According to their most recent sensor logs, their location contains ten-odd Paradeus-like signals...

UMP9: No, I should say they're Nyto-like signals.

UMP45: If there are enemies there, it means we've got the right place. In all likelihood, they're the ones trapping Ange in there.

416: Wait a minute. Ten or more Nytos?

416: From past experience, a single Nyto controls several dozen Paradeus units at the bare minimum.

UMP45: The neural cloud data we stole indicates that no other units are present. An optimistic way of interpreting this is that the Paradeus forces have been wiped out, leaving only the Nytos behind.

416: Even if only the Nytos are left, a single Nyto is hard enough to fight as it is, let alone ten or more of them.

UMP45: You are exactly right, which is why we need to find a route that takes us to Ange as soon as possible.

416: Are you sure?

416: It's extremely likely that Paradeus has forces in reserve. We should wait for people that are suitable for head-on attacks to come by.

416: For instance, the AR Team.

UMP45: Our comms are jammed now. Would you be so kind as to run over and tell them?

416: Did that hacking attempt just now fry your logic processors?

UMP45: You don't need to worry about my neural cloud. Now do as you're told.

416 looks over to UMP9, who shakes her head helplessly.

416: ...Understood.

Several minutes later.

Squad 404 looks around, but their scouting attempts are fruitless. Currently, they are stuck in front of a locked quarantine door.

416: All the passages around us lead to dead ends. They're all cut off by quarantine doors.

416: The map Dandelion gave us doesn't show any routes we can take to get to the location of the signal jamming.

UMP9: It's no good, 45. I still can't contact DEFY... Or rather, there are no signals here at all.

UMP9: The area where DEFY is also swimming in EM interference.

UMP45: Did our previous attack scare someone? The only clue we have is a bust; what a headache.

416: If we don't interrupt the hacking, you'll need to replace your neural cloud, assuming you get the chance to do that.

UMP9: What now, 45?

UMP9: I guess there must be some kind of specialized jamming equipment in this facility, which means we can't do scans or send transmissions.

UMP45: I expected as much... If the Isomers were shipped out from here, then this must be the lab of that bastard whom Ange was talking about. That means we won't be getting in that easily.

UMP45: Things ought to get better If we can find the jamming equipment...

416: Directional jamming, huh... Looks like DEFY got trapped because they were on the mark.

UMP45: Well, I hope they haven't ended up as target practice.

UMP45: If it's a directional jammer, then the jamming device ought to be outside the jammed region, otherwise Ange would have wrecked it herself.

UMP9: But where's the jammer?

UMP45: You got me there.

UMP45: We'll split up into two teams. One team will try and enter the lab area, while the other looks for the jamming device.

416: Leaving aside the fact that none of us knows what the jammer we're searching for looks like, how do you intend to enter the lab area?

416: Or are you going to turn into a ghost and pass through this quarantine door in front of us?

UMP45: Can we blast this door open if we use all our explosives?

416: If this was a normal wall, sure, but this is...

416 walks up and raps her knuckles against the door. It produces a dull thunk.

416: This is clearly a specialized blast door made from homogeneous steel. It's at least 500mm thick, so we might not be able to bring it down even if we had two or three times the amount of explosives we currently possess.

UMP45: ...

UMP9: Maybe...there's another route?

416: This isn't a very big place. We've already checked all the routes which might lead inside.

UMP9: So...there's nothing we can do?

416: We should go back and help the Commander. Judging from that huge explosion just now, things are probably going very badly out there.

UMP45: We have a mission of our own. We can't give up on it so easily.

UMP45: Since the area is marked on the map, that means there must be a passage which leads inside.

UMP45: 9 and I will try to find the passage. You and Gr G11 should find and destroy the jammer. We'll perform both tasks at the same time.

416: Humph...

416 puts her gun down by her feet. She leans against the unopenable door and just looks at UMP45 with her arms folded in front of her chest.

UMP45: You have your orders. Didn't you hear me?

416: If such a foolhardy plan can be considered an order, then no, I didn't hear it.

UMP45: I've already told you the best solution to the problem.

416: The best solution?

416: It was one thing when we had to take on risky but well-paying missions to survive in the past. As long as you remain in the safety of the shadow, you were always able to think of a way to take out the enemy.

416: I never liked your methods, but I had to admit that I admired your ability to deal with all kinds of situations.

416: But look at you now. What are you asking us to do?

UMP45: I'm asking you to finish the mission, just like before.

416: No. You're asking us to jump into the fire, to face an enemy that we can't possibly handle head-on.

416: Don't forget, we're not like the AR Team, who can fight on through all kinds of punishment. We're meant to lurk in the darkness and quietly eliminate our enemy.

416: And now, when we might end up facing ten or more Nytos in a confined area, you want us to split into two teams?

416: How is this like any of our previous missions? Does this sound like a decision you would make?

UMP45: Oh, what's this? Is our elite Doll feeling skittish now?

416: It feels wrong to me BECAUSE I'm an elite Doll.

416: I can fight my way out of even the most intense battles with my high specs.

416: But you're not like that. UMP9 isn't like that. Gr G11 isn't like that.

416: You're all modified civilian Dolls. Or did hanging out with the AR Team make you think you were invincible?

UMP45: ...

416: I only just started wanting to stay with this team, so I don't want to see you guys end up as piles of scrap just a few minutes later.

UMP9: ...416.

Gr G11: Why...why are you fighting at a time like this?

UMP9: Don't be scared, it'll be fine.

UMP45: Humph...so you ARE scared.

UMP45: If you're afraid, then you can go ahead and leave right now. Go join the AR Team or help the Commander.

UMP45: You and I both know you've paid your debt, and you don't need to stay.

416: So you're going in, no matter what?

UMP45: Ange's still in there, and I need to rescue her.

UMP45: That's my mission.

416: No...you're not doing this to save Ange at all.

416: If I'm not mistaken...you're doing this for the Doll who went on that op with you.

416: We all saw your neural cloud fragments earlier. The reason why you're helping Ange and Griffin is because of the Doll from your past...

416: The one who's truly a sister unit to you, not like 9.

UMP45: This isn't a good time to start reminiscing about the past, don't you think?

416: Don't try to change the subject.

UMP45: I'm not going to answer you because what you're saying is utterly ridiculous.

416: Then you'd better listen up.

416: In the past, I didn't want to recall that incident, because the only thing it held for me was shame.

416: I was kicked out of my team because of you, and I had to endure the disgrace of joining a half-assed team like this one because of you.

416: I didn't want to be reminded of my shame in the least. All I wanted was an explanation from the Doll who brought all this humiliation upon me, and to make the bitch who cast me down pay the price.

UMP45: So what are you trying to say, Miss Elite Doll?

416: But after going through all sorts of things, I realized that her reason wasn't important anymore.

416: Everything has changed, and what difference would it make if I knew why she did it?

416: The past means nothing to me now. The only things that matter are the present and the future.

416: No matter how hard you chase it, what's gone is gone. If you still cherish the members of the team you're in now, then you'd better think carefully before you act, the way you usually do.

UMP45: You're you, and I'm me.

416: What difference does it make?!

416: We're both Dolls who can't go back to the past anymore!

416: We're Dolls who don't exist! Isn't that why we're called Squad 404?!

UMP45: That's where you're wrong... We're not Dolls who don't exist. We're Dolls whose very existence has been erased.

UMP45: You were lucky enough to have avoided it... Lucky enough that you didn't have to go through it...

UMP45: But all the other Dolls are dead, those humans are dead, everyone's dead!

UMP45: And only I survived...

UMP45: And all this...it's as though it never happened...as though those Dolls had never existed in the first place...

416: So what? Once you die, you don't come back, whether you're a human or a Doll!

416: But the people who are still alive need to keep living, isn't that right?!

416: Why do living people have to go blindly to their deaths for the sake of the dead?!

UMP45: Shut up! What the hell do you know?

UMP45: You never took part in that operation, you'll never know how it feels!

UMP45: My teammate, my friend, everyone who used to be by my side is dead!

UMP45: You're right, I'm not an elite Doll, I was nothing more than an expendable item with shitty performance!

UMP45: Back then, she told me that even a Doll had a reason to live on!

UMP45: So YOU listen up!

416: ...

UMP45: Reason?

UMP45: I don't give a damn about why it happened. There was no reason for them to have died there to begin with!

UMP45: What I'm doing is to make the one responsible for all of this pay!

UMP45: From the moment I escaped alive, to recruiting all of you for this team and helping Ange and Griffin, my objective has never changed, not in the slightest!

UMP45 pounds forcefully on the quarantine door next to 416's head. A dull sound echoes down the silent passageway.

416 just keeps staring at UMP45, seemingly oblivious to the sound.

UMP45: So I don't CARE if there are ten or a hundred Nytos waiting for me. I'm still going in there, even if I have to do it alone and without my Dummies.

UMP45: I admit that I don't know anything about what's in there, so I can't come up with a complete plan before making my move, like I always do.

UMP45: All I know is that if I don't keep moving forward, then everything I've done up till now might have been for nothing.

UMP45: I cannot tolerate the idea that the bastard behind all this might end up having the last laugh.

416: ...

416: Now I see why you're so eager to die.

UMP45: So what's your answer?

416: Since you're in such a hurry to throw your life away, I have no reason to stop you.

UMP45: Glad you understand.

416: The threat in there is much greater than the outside. Have 9 go with Gr G11 to find the jammer. I'll search for the way in with you.

UMP9: Eh? But...

416: You're an electronic warfare Doll. If you run into a Nyto, you won't be able to put up a fight, so you might as well do what you're good at outside.

UMP9: But what if 45 gets hacked again...

UMP45: It'll be fine, 9. I knew she'd say that.

UMP45: It seems this so-called elite Doll is as crazy as I am. In that case, wouldn't it be better for a pair of lunatics to stick together?

416: Let's make haste.

Gr G11: Er, I don't want to interrupt you, but I think I heard something above us...

Squad 404 falls silent. Nothing can be heard besides the rustling of the Dolls' clothing and the distant hum of the power generator.

416: I don't hear anything. Is this long-neglected base haunted?

Gr G11: D-d-don't scare me...

A knocking sound comes from the ceiling and grows louder and louder, then the lights suddenly go out. 404 immediately grows tense.

UMP45: Enemy attack incoming. Switch to night-vision mode, mind the corners.

Squad 404 warily scrutinizes their surroundings with weapons raised, but then the knocking stops. Just as everyone is about to relax, the sound of an explosion comes from overhead.

UMP45: Get down!

A hole is blasted out of the ceiling, which is not too high, and just as Gr G11 covers her head to protect herself from fragments, a black shape swiftly darts out and drags her through the opening.

Gr G11: Uwah! Something's got me! 416, help!!!！

UMP9: Oh no, Gr G11's been dragged into the ceiling!

416: ...What the hell, I can't shoot!

As the Dolls try to rescue Gr G11, they suddenly find themselves completely paralyzed.

UMP45: This again...

UMP45: Is it an Isomer? Or is it M16 again?

Their paralysis does not last for long. The Dolls regain control of their bodies a few seconds later.

UMP9: I... I can move...

416: 9, quickly! Lift me up!

UMP9: Ah...okay! Hup!!!

416: There's a ventilation duct up here... Not good... I'm stuck! This gap is too small!

UMP9: Let me try... It's not working, I'm stuck too.

UMP45: Let me give it a go... Looks like I can fit in there.

UMP45: No wonder they decided to take Gr G11. Still, that means they probably aren't very big either.

UMP45 turns on her tactical flashlight and inspects the wire-filled duct. Gr G11's wailing can be heard from some distance away.

UMP45: Gr G11 hasn't been taken too far away, since her signal hasn't vanished yet.

UMP45: Also...judging by the direction she's been dragged off to, this duct might take us into the jammed area.

UMP45: I'll pursue them through the duct; the two of you should split up and look for the jammer and a way in.

UMP9: You're going to look for Gr G11 yourself, 45? What if there's an ambush in there...

416: I'll widen the hole. Come down first.

UMP45: Save the explosives for what they're meant to do. If there really is an ambush, we'll be dead even if we all go in there.

UMP45: If anything happens, I should be able to figure a way out as long as I have no one else to worry about.

UMP9: Well, if you say so...

416: I'll lift you up.

416: ...And remember, come back with her.
Part 3: Pre-Heating

3

...

UMP45: This duct is way too cramped... I'll be dead for sure if there's really an ambush in there.

UMP45: Who'd have thought that I'd be doing this again? I thought I'd never have to crawl through an air vent again for the rest of my life...

UMP45: Hm? Is that a light up ahead?

45 climbs out of the duct and lands lightly on the ground.

UMP45: It's the directional jamming, I can't sense anything after all.

UMP45: What the hell is this place?

45 finds herself in a spotless room. It is spacious and filled with suspension tanks.

UMP45: Is this a lab...? As I thought, this must be where the Isomers came from.

UMP45: It's surprisingly clean... I doubt there'll be other Paradeus units around.

UMP45: Now then, where has Gr G11 been taken to?

UMP45: Speaking of which, why did they capture an outsider?

UMP45: It would have been child's play to wipe us out back then.

The lab is empty, and even the Nytos that 45 was expecting are nowhere to be seen.

The only sound in the room is that of oxygen bubbling through the tanks. While she can't pick up any enemy signals on her scans, 45 can clearly feel a watchful gaze.

She spots a small shadow standing by a big door and promptly points her gun in its direction.

UMP45: Who's there? Come out right now!

The shadow seems to be frightened of 45, because it immediately runs off into the distance. The "tap tap tap" of its footsteps echoes with unnatural clarity in the silence of the lab. 45 does not hesitate and gives chase right away. After she passes through the door, she finally spots her target.

Several "Nytos" that are roughly the size of Gr G11 are dragging the latter further into the room.

Two of them catch sight of 45 and are so startled, they just drop Gr G11 and take to their heels. But the lead "Nyto" plants herself in front of 45 with her tiny arms stretched out and glares angrily at 45.

Nyto?: Uhh!

UMP45: Brave, aren't we?

Although she looks younger than most, the girl before her is most definitely a "Nyto", both in looks and attire. 45 doesn't hesitate and prepares to pull the trigger.

???: Don't shoot!

A familiar voice comes from behind the Nyto.

45 freezes when she hears the voice. This is an opportunity, and the miniature Nyto takes it.

???: Ugh, stop!

UMP45: Not again...

The moment 45 pauses, she immediately realizes that she has once again lost control of her own body. But what is more unsettling is how the hacking attempts are returning with renewed vigor.

UMP45: Dammit, why now?!
Part 4: Sintering

4

??: Did you finally shake off the hacking?

45's consciousness gradually returns from Level II.

UMP45: Am I dead...?

??: Even if you were, I would have pieced you back together so you would continue working for me. Alright, now get up.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: I'm not dreaming, am I?

Ange: Are you so eager to see me only in your dreams?

The scene before her slowly resolves into clarity. There is no doubt that the person before her is Ange.

She offers a hand to pull 45 up to her feet, then picks up the submachine gun lying on the ground and returns it to her.

45 looks up and flinches out of reflex, because there are several tiny, blank-faced Nytos standing behind Ange.

Gr G11 lies at her feet. She seems to have fainted from fright, but she doesn't look otherwise injured.

45 only comes to her senses when Ange shoves her weapon at her.

She had been prepared to encounter all sorts of things, but she cannot make any sense of what she is seeing now.

Ange: Besides, I've never heard of Dolls dreaming before.

UMP45: Looks like you've changed jobs while I wasn't looking.

UMP45: I gather being a nanny is way better than being a Statesec agent.

Ange: Well, speaking from personal experience, I can say that babysitting is definitely more interesting than working as a government agent.

UMP45: Is it really alright to have those Paradeus people behind you?？

???: ...

Ange: If they wanted to kill me, they wouldn't have had to wait until now.

Ange: Don't worry, these kids aren't a threat.

45 looks at the miniature Nytos again. They're also staring at her warily. Like 45, they are still feeling uneasy.

UMP45: Humph... Well, let's leave them aside for now. What the hell is going on? Where are the other DEFY Dolls?

Ange: Good news and bad news. Which do you want to hear first?

UMP45: Start with the bad news.

Ange: The bad news is that they're sealed in another room. The entire area's been... How shall I put this, that bastard with sick hobbies locked down all the passages in the lab.

Ange: This lab's been physically and electromagnetically fortified; we spent a lot of effort finding a way into this lab.

UMP45: And the good news?

Ange: The good news is that the internal circuits are still usable, so I could keep in touch with my subordinates.

Ange: You also used those circuits to contact them earlier, didn't you?

UMP45: ...That's hardly good news.

UMP45: All I can say is that the enemy are a bunch of morons, considering they didn't even attempt to restrict internal comms.

Ange: This base was originally abandoned, so there wasn't much of a need to set up internal security.

UMP45: If only all our enemies were so lax. That would make our job so much easier.

UMP45: How are things on AK-12 and AN-94's end? Do they have Nytos to babysit too?

Ange: Pretty much.

Ange: And they're certainly enjoying it a lot more than I am.

Ange: Anyway, you came just in time for our scheduled check-in. Time to tell them our good news.

Ange picks up the fixed mic on the wall.

Ange: 12, can you hear me? Our reinforcements have finally arrived.

AK-12: Loud and clear.

AK-12: Reinforcements, you say?

AK-12: Have the female gorilla and her caretaker come back to us?

AK-12: Or have Griffin forces finally fought their way in here?

Ange: All wrong. It's UMP45.

AK-12: So it's the leader of Squad 404, huh. What about the rest of them?

Ange: Hm... Unless my eyes are playing tricks on me, it's just her.

AK-12: Just her?

Ange: Just the one.

AK-12: Alright, then. Though a single Doll can't do much, finding out exactly how much 404 hates their leader is a sort of reward in itself.

UMP45: I just saw your two other teammates. It seems your people dislike you as much as mine do me.

AK-12: So you've already met. I guess you know how things are between us now.

Ange: Ahem. EOT-1 dragged Gr G11 in here and 45 followed her through the air vents. Looks like we have a chance to disable the locks on these juveniles.

AK-12: Hm, it's true that she's the only one who can do both of those things.

Ange: Finally, we've got a good card to play.

Ange: I have to hand it to you for thinking of going through the air ducts.

UMP45: Since you found the air vent's exit, why didn't you go through it yourself?

AK-12: None of us could fit through such a small duct apart from these juveniles.

AK-12: At first, we were hoping that she could head out and find Griffin forces so they could blast through the door from the outside, but none of us expected her to bring back Miss UMP45, the weakest Doll among all present company.

AK-12: I expected nothing less of Squad 404's leader; you're always exceeding our expectations and doing things we can't.

UMP45: Well excuuuuse me for being the weakest Doll here. If you don't mind, then I, the weakest Doll, will gladly leave the way I came. After all, it's not like the weakest Doll can do anything here.

Ange: Stop wasting time taking shots at each other. 12, sync your status with 45.

AK-12: While you were playing house with those juveniles, I tried establishing a connection again, but it didn't work out. My signal couldn't merge with those juveniles' consciousness, which means I won't be able to reach their base layer.

AK-12: I'll keep trying while 94 fills you in on the situation.

AN-94: Ah, hello, Miss 45. I'm glad you managed to get in here.

AN-94: I apologize but time is very tight, so I will skip the details and only cover the main points.

AN-94: We infiltrated this base ahead of time with Ange and K. During our reconnaissance, we discovered this sealed lab and obtained some information Ange needed.

AN-94: However, Sangvis forces suddenly showed up while we were scouting, and they began fighting with Paradeus units.

AN-94: The older Nytos went to fight the S.F. units. At first we intended to investigate further, but then the lab was physically and electronically locked down.

AN-94: We lost contact with K and the other two members, and we could not leave this lab by ourselves.

AN-94: While we're trapped inside, we found these juvenile Nytos. Some of them were comatose at the time.

AN-94: Through connecting with them, we discovered that their neural clouds had been hacked and attacked by an OGAS-like signal. We decided to trace it back through the lab and found that those juveniles had sealing access to this lab.

AN-94: If we can help those children shake off the attack, we might have a chance to get out of here. However, AK-12 and I are not compatible with the OGAS Protocol, so we are having a very hard time trying to enter these girls' neural clouds.

UMP45: Wait a minute, you lost me.

UMP45: So the Paradeus signals I detected earlier were these child-like Nytos?

Ange: Actually, they're not Nytos. To be precise, they are juvenile test subjects who have not been turned into Nytos yet.

UMP45: So they haven't been mechanically augmented?

UMP45: Is that why they still look like humans?

Ange: They ARE humans. One hundred percent.

UMP45: So they're still humans?

UMP45: What lucky girls.

Ange: According to the lab records, all the specimens that could become Nytos were shipped away. The only ones left behind were the juveniles that were of little value to Paradeus, as well as those who were not up to spec.

UMP45: So they're Isomers?

Ange: Isomers?

UMP45: That's Persica's name for the specimens who failed to become Nytos.

UMP45: Also, while we were in Tallinn, the AR Team managed to secure a Nyto individual with memories of the Isomers, and she told us a bit about what happened here.

Ange: A Nyto individual...?

Ange: Looks like a lot has happened in my absence.

UMP45: I'm just as surprised by what's happened on your end.

UMP45: These Isomers seemed to be protecting the labs by themselves. Did their original controllers abandon this place because they knew we were coming?

Ange: If only things were so simple.

UMP45: Well, it would make no difference to us even if it was for some other reason.

UMP45: So, what should we do now?

Ange: We need a Doll who can connect to their neural clouds. You've hacked a Nyto before, so it should be easy for you.

UMP45: Wait a minute. How do they have neural clouds if they're humans?

Ange: I wouldn't have believed it either if DEFY hadn't verified it with me over and over again.

Ange: However, it's true that these kids have neural clouds that can be entered. Their consciousnesses have been physically embodied, like a Doll's.

UMP45: Like a Doll's, huh...

UMP45: What kind of freaking experiments did they go through...?

Ange: We can discuss this question at length once we get them out of there.

Ange: In any case, right now the only ones in Sangvis Ferri that can still hack through the OGAS Protocol are the Sangvis Mastermind and the former AR Team member...M16, who seems to be looking for something, just like us.

UMP45: But of course.

UMP45: I don't think her motives are as simple as helping Sangvis Ferri.

UMP45: She looks a little different now, but she doesn't seem to give a damn about S.F.

Ange: That's what worries me the most. An AR Team member going rogue definitely has something to do with OGAS.

Ange: I wanted to learn more about the Dolls on the AR Team from Persica, but I haven't been able to contact her for a very long time.

Ange: There is also more to S.F.'s attack on this base than meets the eye. We need to understand what Mastermind and M16 are after if we're to sort this out.

UMP45: We'll deal with things as they come, then.

UMP45: That reminds me... I was also hacked a while ago, and the opposition seemed to be checking my memories over and over again.

Ange: Your memories?

UMP45: The memories of Operation Butterfly.

Ange: ...

Ange: I think I can guess what her reasons are. At the very least, one of her goals should be the same as yours, namely uncovering the truth behind Operation Butterfly and finding the one who orchestrated the whole thing, isn't that right?

UMP45: ...If that was her aim, then she shouldn't have stopped us.

Ange: At least she's only hindering our progress and not outright eliminating us.

Ange: Still, she's far too conceited. If that bastard, that damn William really is behind all this, then it's very likely that M16 may have unwittingly helped him carry out his plan.

Ange: I'm worried that if we don't get ourselves out of this mess ASAP, the events of Operation Butterfly might repeat themselves.

UMP45: This is such a pain... Alright, if I want to connect to these juveniles, how should I do it?

Ange: Enter their neural space through this girl.

Ange places her hand on the young Nyto standing at the forefront and gently leads her up to 45.

Ange: This is Test Subject EOT-1 — at least, that's what she's referred to in the records.

Ange: These girls don't know how to use weapons, so in order to fight back, she lured us into different rooms and forcibly separated DEFY from me. She's a very clever girl.

Ange: Fortunately, as a human, I couldn't be crashed like a Doll, and so after we had a chat, she was willing to communicate and restored DEFY to normal.

Ange: I worked out a rescue plan with her so we could escape, in exchange for the safety of all the children here.

UMP45: You might as well be a dubious kidnapper offering a kid candy while abducting them.

Ange: I'm not like you. I keep my word.

UMP45: If only you had blushed even a little back when you paid us less than the sum we agreed on.

Test Subject EOT-1: Ange...is a...good person...

The young Nyto's eyes sharpen, as though 45 had uttered some kind of blasphemy.

UMP45: Alright, alright, whatever you say.

Ange: They are both victims and important witnesses.

Ange: Therefore, rescuing them is part of the mission.

Ange: Besides, I think I like kids more than I expected...

UMP45: Sometimes I think I wouldn't be able to stand you at all if it wasn't for the money.

UMP45: Now then, Miss Test Subject, how should I connect with you?

Test Subject EOT-1: Anna...

UMP45: Anna?

Test Subject EOT-1: ...Call me...Anna.

UMP45: Did you give her that name?

Ange: ...I'm not in the habit of naming other people.

UMP45: So she chose her own name?

UMP45: Sounds like she's a relative of yours.

The self-declared Anna nods. She seems very happy with what 45 has said.

The look of approval in her eyes deeply disturbs 45.

UMP45: Er... Don't look at me like that. It's unsettling.

Ange: Since you've hacked a Nyto before, it means you should be able to set up a connection with these kids, and she will lead you into their base layer.

Ange: However, you should be careful. S.F. will definitely try to take advantage of the opportunity that your entry gives them, and the attacks on you might intensify as a result.

Ange: That said, you won't be alone in there. These kids will help you while you're in their base layer. You need to bring them out and help them escape their current predicament, because that is also the only way we can escape our current predicament.

UMP45: Alright then, Miss Anna, whether you're doing this for us or for yourselves, we'd best get started as soon as possible.

Anna: Follow me.
Part 5: Foaming

5

Her surroundings fade away rapidly—

This is unlike entering other neural clouds. 45 has experienced this before, a suffocating sensation akin to being swallowed up by the sea.

Unlike how it would be in a Doll's neural cloud, she feels a wave of tremendous discomfort washing over her, as though something was squirming in the depths of her heart, and for a moment she feels extremely anxious.

UMP45: So this is a human's neural cloud... However you slice it, this is far beyond the realm of what I thought was common sense.

Anna: What should we do next?

45 looks at the other juveniles, who are far in the distance.

They are currently lying in the middle of a spinning funnel.

An attacking signal circles over their heads like an evil dragon whose dark, misty breath enshrouds them. The juveniles tremble in the mist, as though they were being electrocuted.

UMP45: ...I've never seen such a realistic-looking depiction of an electronic attack before.

Anna: It's meant to facilitate your understanding of the situation, you dummy!

Anna: The enemy is a signal created from an OGAS-transmitted core order. My sisters have their hands full just fending off the attack.

Anna: However, the enemy keeps changing the logical concepts of this electronic space. If this keeps up, they'll be assimilated by the attacking OGAS signals. If that happens, we'll be done for!

UMP45: ...So...you aren't actually a blank-faced kid with a stammer...?

Anna: Isn't that obvious? Like I said, you're a dummy!

Anna: Of course I can do whatever I want in my own neural cloud! Shouldn't a Tactical Doll know that much?

Anna: To think Ange told me you were one of the best electronic warfare Dolls she's ever seen! Instead of thinking about how to solve the problem at hand, you're concerned about something so trivial?!

Anna: And you call yourself Ange's subordinate? Do you have no shame?

Anna: You nitwit! Idiot! Moron!

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Listen up, brat, I'm not obliged to save you or anything. I consider my job done as long as I get Ange out alive.

UMP45: You and these test subjects are nothing more than a burden to me. Got that?

Anna: Wh...what...? Aren't you going to save us?

UMP45: From my point of view, saving you is the least efficient course of action. Given my tendencies, I would never have done this if Ange hadn't asked me to.

Anna: But Ange already asked you to...

UMP45: I never said I'd obey her orders.

Anna: But...but... you're in my neural cloud, so you have to listen to me!

UMP45: You can save those words for that attacking signal over there.

Anna: ...

Anna: ...

UMP45: Anything else you'd like to add?

Anna: Uuu...UWWWAAAAAAAHHH!!!

UMP45: Hey...you don't need to turn on the waterworks just because I scolded you.

Anna: We're doomed! (Sobs) Nobody can save us now!

Anna: The only one who can enter this place is a brainlet that's all talk! We're doomed!

UMP45: Oi, who are you calling "a brainlet that's all talk"?

Anna: You're either a big old meanie who'll watch people die without lifting a finger or an incompetent idiot, take your pick!

UMP45: I have just about had it with this brat...

UMP45: You're totally not giving me enough credit. Fine, fine, I get it.

UMP45: I'll draw away OGAS' electronic attack. How's that, are you happy now?

Anna: Are you stupid?

Anna: If all of us are being tied up by that one signal, what the heck can you do with the processing power of just a single Doll?

Anna: You're just going to get yourself killed right away, don't you see?!

UMP45: You really are a whiny brat. While I was wasting time entertaining your nonsense, I've already finished analyzing the signal attacking you. It's hardly strong enough to kill me if that's all there is to it.

UMP45: Also, the bitch who's holding you prisoner desperately wants to learn something from me.

UMP45: She won't let me die until she has what she wants.

Anna: What...

UMP45: The world is way more complicated than you can imagine, so don't get too full of yourself.

UMP45: In any case, listen up. My plan is very simple; I'm going to draw away the attacking OGAS signal and do my best to slow it down.

UMP45: Meanwhile, your job is to restore your friends' control over their own consciousnesses. After that, come back and help me strengthen the firewalls so we can defeat that attacking signal together.

UMP45: If you fail, we'll all be stuck here, and it doesn't matter how much time I can buy. You HAVE to do this. Do you understand?

Anna: I'll do my part, and you'll do what you have to do, got it?

Anna: If YOU fail, I will never forgive you...

Anna's consciousness floats over to the unconscious juveniles, waiting for 45 to do as she promised.

UMP45: Humph... Don't try to play cool until you're as tall as I am...

UMP45: Now then, it's time to deal with that verdammt attacking signal...

UMP45: I know what you want, M16; surely nothing is more precious than one's lost memories, no?
Part 6: Foam Stabilization

6

...

She hears the whistling of steam and the clamor of grinding gears.

Her index finger starts to ache, and there's a soreness coming from the back of her head.

UMP45 knows very well that she's back here.

Once again...she is inside the main Sangvis Ferri factory, on the day of Operation Butterfly.

She suddenly understands the meaning of what M16 has said to her.

UMP45: "I wanted to resolve the grudge between us in person."

Her memories flow in reverse once more, then the rewind comes to an end—

As though all the sentimental thoughts she just had were never real.

UMP45: Honestly...this is just too...old hat.

Then, as though somebody has pressed the "play" button, the memory begins to replay itself once again.

M16A1: Any last words, traitor?

UMP45: Just a little more...

M16A1: What's this, still putting up a fight?

UMP45: ...I wonder which of us is the real traitor?

M16A1: Are those your parting words? Farewell, UMP45.

UMP45: —!

There was a burst of gunfire, and several bullet holes appeared in 45's head.

UMP45: ...

M16A1: Now you're quiet, huh.

M16A1: Looks like this really was the last one.

M16 turned away and briefly hesitated before taking out a spare magazine.

She pulled the empty magazine out of her weapon and tossed it away, but before it could even hit the ground, M16 collapsed onto her knees in pain.

M16A1: Urgh—!

M16A1: My chest...hurts...!

It took all her strength, but M16 managed to stand up. In the distance, a blinking red camera head pointed itself at her.

She couldn't even hold her weapon; her rifle slipped out her hands.

Dust swirled and danced around the falling rifle, then everything seemed to freeze - both the rifle and the dust stopped moving in mid-air.

...

...

All motions ceased, as if time itself had come to a halt, or perhaps like a three-dimensional photograph.

UMP45 gets to her feet, brushing off the dust and shell casings from her body.

UMP45: I see. So if I were destroyed, she would suffer a meltdown as well.

UMP45: All the Dolls had been infected with Parapluie back then, and they had all either gone berserk or had a neural cascade at almost the same time.

UMP45: In the end, only she and I survived.

UMP45: If I survived because I was lucky enough to have been overlooked, then how did she get out of that alive?

UMP45 shakes her head.

UMP45: These are simulated memories. Even if I asked, there's no way I'd get an answer...

UMP45: Even now, I didn't manage to survive a single encounter with her in the hundreds of simulations I've conducted.

UMP45: Was what happened back then really a miracle to end all miracles?

UMP45: In that case, let's go through the sequence again while that demoness hasn't found me yet.

M16A1: You're certainly enjoying yourself.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Humph, caught at last, huh.

M16A1: I didn't expect you to be stupid enough to walk right into it.

UMP45: Save your bravado, we both know electronic warfare isn't your strong suit.

UMP45: Also, you seem much slower than you used to be, considering I managed to go through so many playbacks before you realized what I was doing.

UMP45: So, did your neural cloud go binary after you joined S.F.?

M16A1: You don't need to throw your life away in such a hurry. I remember I've already warned you about this.

UMP45: And I heard your warning loud and clear, just as I did back then.

M16 bends down and picks up her rifle.

M16A1: I should have killed you back then.

UMP45: Yes, you should have. But you didn't.

UMP45: And you don't know why you didn't do it.

M16 chambers a round, and her eyes flash with murderous intent.

UMP45: You can't restore those deleted memories no matter what you do, isn't that right?

UMP45: That's why you want to learn what happened back then from me, but you're afraid I'd figure out your intentions, so you carefully tried to steal the memories without drawing my attention.

M16A1: ...

UMP45: You don't even remember the moment you betrayed your own team, do you?

M16A1: You shouldn't have said that. Are you ready to pay for it?

UMP45: Your frank and earnest desire to skin me alive right now suits you better than that nonsense you were spouting as part of your act.

M16A1: Humph, come on then. I'll beat you, just like I did before.
Part 7: Molding

7

UMP45: The attacking signal vanished. Did I win?

UMP45: No... Her processing power is far stronger than mine. She beat me.

UMP45 slowly gets up on her feet. She can tell that she's in her Level III base layer.

UMP45: How merciful of her for not finishing me off instantly.

UMP45: So she's forced me into my own base layer. Is she that desperate to read my memories from back then?

UMP45: However, I've encrypted those memories, so it'll probably take her a while to find them.

UMP45: Will you help me in the last bit of time I have left?

???: I thought you'd never come back here again.

UMP45: ...And I would not, if I could have avoided it.

???: What should I say, then? Welcome back? Or gute reise?

UMP45: Stop teasing me. Why wish me a good journey when I'm obviously not going anywhere?

???: Ja, ja, I understand.

???: After all, something bad must've happened, or you wouldn't have wound up getting trapped in here again. Am I right, 45?

The UMP40 residing in the depths of 45's neural cloud slowly comes into view.

She grins happily at 45. She knows that 45 must have met with some terrible danger to have ended up in her base layer, but being able to see her again fills this simulated persona with heartfelt joy.

UMP45: Yeah... I ran into a crisis that made a mockery of all the cool things I said in the past.

UMP45: And here I thought I'd only meet you again to bid you farewell after settling everything.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: That's fine. You look super cool even when you're as wretched as this, 45.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I don't mind chatting with you a few more times before we say our goodbyes.

UMP45: Honestly... Right, do I need to explain the situation to you?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I exist in your neural cloud. I've been quietly watching everything that's happened to you.

UMP45: So...you know exactly what I've overheard before, right?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You mean the fact that I'm not a manifestation of your longing for 40...but a consciousness born from the virus?

UMP45: So you do know.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Yup. I know what you know.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Don't worry, I'm glad you know exactly what I am.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If I'm more than a simulated personality, that means I can at least be of some help, right?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: The OGAS of the AR Team's leader is super strong, she can help her Doll do so much. I'm envious.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If only I had power like that...

UMP45: ...It all started because of OGAS, and yet everyone's becoming more reliant on its power.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: There's nothing wrong with power in itself.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If I also had the power to help you, would I have been a useful aide to you, the way Miss Dandelion is to M4A1?

UMP45: I don't need...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: But right now, you DO need help.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If my appearance makes you uncomfortable, I can...

UMP45: ...

UMP45: No...ignore what I just said. This isn't the time to dwell on my own past.

UMP45: I need to use all the power I can get my hands on. If I can't get out of this place, then everything will be for nothing.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: So you're saying...

UMP45: I need your help. I don't care if you're an image of her past or an OGAS entity that developed from the virus.

UMP45: If you're willing to help me, please lend me your strength so I can keep the promise I once made.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Heheh, I would have done that even if you hadn't asked.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I have to hand it to you; you're really resilient.

UMP45: ...Stop making fun of me. Focus on the mission.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Alright, alright, you're the boss.

UMP45: Now that I think about it, you're the reason why I could enter M4's neural cloud and the Nyto's consciousness.

UMP45: M16 ought to be no different. Since she wants to read my memories so badly, is there a way we can turn the tables on her and expose her weakness?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Normally that wouldn't be possible, because your body's processing power is very limited.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You've been upgraded, but even with that, infiltrating such a high-spec neural cloud would be very difficult.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: However...

UMP45: However?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: However, an OGAS Protocol signal just tried to connect with me from the outside. After briefly making contact with it, I realized I could tap into an external source of processing power through the link.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If they can give me enough computational support, I might be able to crack the logic algorithm that's sealing off your Level II layer, or even do what you said and reverse-penetrate the opposition's neural cloud.

UMP45: Looks like the brat has done her job.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Should I establish the connection?

UMP45: Can you?

UMP45: But isn't it only possible to connect through an ID signal at the moment?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If that's all I need to do...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Please hold...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Whoa, where the heck am I? It's pitch black!

UMP45: You are...?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Are you stupid?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: It's me, Anna!

UMP45: I guessed as much.

UMP45: I didn't expect her to establish comms in this manner.

Anna: What are you spacing out for?!

Anna: We're all okay on our end, but the OGAS signal has you thoroughly trapped. I tried pulling you out a few times, but I couldn't.

Anna: However, I found a circuit in your base layer that's connected to an OGAS consciousness in your neural cloud, so I used the opening to get in!

Anna: You really are different from other Dolls - you have an OGAS interface in your base layer, how surprising. Make sure you don't get wiped out in there!

UMP45: Why, thank you for your concern.

Anna: Your partner told me all about your plan. We will try to provide you with processing power.

Anna: Everyone's waiting for you outside, so make sure you don't kick the bucket in there!

UMP45: That's a big help. Tell Ange I won't be long.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: What a cute little girl... Is she a new friend of yours, 45?

UMP45: A new pain in the ass, more like...

UMP45: Can we begin now?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Ja. I'm analyzing the source of the opposition's data flows.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: One moment...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Alright, I've synchronized and combined the shared records from both sides. With that, we should be able to find the opening which leads to the opposition's neural cloud.

UMP40's simulated persona begins loading information into her surroundings, and the scene UMP45 once saw in Tallinn gradually unfolds before her.

Under an inverted forest, the familiar mansion lies not far away.

UMP45: This is what I saw in M4's neural cloud back then...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Yup. M16 has this in her neural cloud as well.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: She's trying to merge with your neural cloud, but the memories here overlapped, and the overlapping processes were skipped.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Therefore, this is an opening where the firewall is weaker. We might be able to invade her neural cloud through this gap.

UMP45: Why is the firewall weaker there?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: M4's and M16's neural clouds were probably derived from the same person.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: According to my records, the neural clouds for the AR Team were all made from the brain scan of the same human, which is why their neural clouds can't be duplicated or backed up.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Meanwhile, this portion of memories belonged to the original human, which probably means it's a read-only section. That implies the OGAS consciousness can't make big alterations to that piece of data.

UMP45: The same person... I'm getting really tired of hearing the name Lunasia.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I re-sorted the data from before. This information has always been a blind spot for us. Perhaps the truth has always been right within our reach, but we simply had no way of perceiving it.

UMP45: If it involves the AR Team, that implies Persica also has a part in this.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I can't reach a conclusion just from the data you possess.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: But in any case, M16's agenda might be hidden deeper than we imagined. We need to figure out what she has in mind.

UMP45: ...When you put it that way, all her seemingly illogical actions could be intended to disrupt a plan we haven't even heard of yet.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Is that so? Or is that what you want to believe?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Maybe deep down in your heart, you do admire her.

UMP45: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You like her, yet you hate her.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Hm... Looks like you regard the whole AR Team in the same way.

UMP45: You don't need to go out of your way to tell me when you pry into my thoughts.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If you had their power, you'd definitely use it better than they did.

UMP45: Hypothetical scenarios are irrelevant. Right, let's get down to business.

UMP45 and UMP40 enter the mansion under the inverted forest.

Unlike how it was before, the house looks like it hasn't been maintained for many years. The doors are on the floor and the interior is covered in a thick layer of dust.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: This mansion is in a place where the memories overlap, but something feels strange...

UMP45: Hm? Did you sense something?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: The overlapping segment isn't as big as I expected. The layout of the house is different from what we saw earlier.

UMP45: Could it be a trap?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If I wanted to kill you, I wouldn't have to go about it in such a convoluted manner.

UMP45: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Don't worry, I just want to talk.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Why don't we go out to the yard? I don't really like the oppressive atmosphere inside the house.

UMP45 realizes that things aren't quite right, but she knows she is at a massive disadvantage in this place.

Somebody seems to have taken over UMP40's simulated persona, and it happened so quickly they didn't even have a chance to react.

UMP45 has no choice but to comply. She approaches the garden in the backyard cautiously, but it is completely empty.

UMP45: There's no one here.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I don't know why, but seeing this garden always puts me at ease.

UMP45: Are you M16?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: What do you think?

UMP45: If you're not her, then who are you?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: We've met before, haven't we?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: During Operation Butterfly.

UMP45: What...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: We have almost achieved our objective. You cannot stop us.

UMP45: So what are you doing now? Playing a game of cat and mouse?

UMP45: If you could crush us in an instant, then why didn't you kill me from the start?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I don't want to destroy you. Doesn't matter if you're from Squad 404, the AR Team, or Griffin.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You are not my enemy.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I will help M16 get what she wants. Since she helped me, I will help her.

UMP45: What do you want...?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You guessed it. I want to see the memories that she has lost.

The simulated persona of UMP40 waves her hand, and the surroundings immediately transform into the scene from Operation Butterfly in 45's memories.

UMP45: Just a little more...

M16: Still putting up a fight, traitor?

UMP45: ...I wonder which of us is the real traitor?

M16: Are those your parting words? Farewell, UMP45.

UMP45: Now!

M16: !!!

M16 was shocked to find that her bullets had gone past UMP45's original position and made two holes on the ground.

Crack! UMP45's left wrist snapped. She had deliberately broke the wrist that M16 had in her grip in order to buy herself a chance to fight back.

Although she'd already turned off the pain receptors in her left arm, the instinctive feedback of the displaced machinery was still extremely disconcerting.

However, there was no time to think about that. UMP45 spun around and kicked as hard as she could, freeing herself from M16's grasp.

She rode the momentum of the reaction force to pick up her gun, then turned around and took aim at M16.

M16A1: I didn't think you could disrupt my fire control system in such a short time. You've done very well for a Doll like you.

UMP45: All those Dolls by the door were shot in the back. That must have been your handiwork.

M16A1: My mission is to eliminate all traitorous Dolls.

UMP45: So you knew something like this was going to happen.

UMP45: You'd betrayed us all from the very beginning!

M16A1: ...

UMP45: Have you thought about what will happen to you in the end?

UMP45: Do you think you can avoid being silenced too?!

M16A1: That's not for you to worry about.

M16A1: You just have to die here.

M16 opened fire on UMP45 without any hesitation, but she couldn't land a shot due to UMP45's interference.

UMP45 took the opportunity to duck behind the closest piece of cover and changed her empty magazine as she pondered her next move.

UMP45: I'm almost out of ammo... I can't defeat her just by disrupting her shooting. What else can I do?

M16 rained suppressive fire down on UMP45 as she slowly approached the cover which UMP45 was hiding behind.

UMP45 counted M16's shots, intending to counterattack once she's out of ammo. However, M16 changed magazines with incredible speed, giving UMP45 no time to poke her head out and shoot.

Bullets pounded UMP45's cover. All she could do was keep her head down to avoid the incoming fire.

She banished all unnecessary thoughts from her mind, quietly waiting for the only chance she had of obtaining victory.

Another magazine was discarded. M16 was very close to UMP45's hiding place.

The empty magazine fell, but before it could hit the ground, M16 was already on her knees, writhing in pain.

M16A1: Urgh... What's going on...?!

UMP45: It's finally begun... She's having a neural meltdown!

UMP45 leaned against her cover and fired at M16, but she had a hard time controlling her aim without her left hand.

With great effort, M16 raised her arm to shield her vitals while laying down suppressive fire.

Her hasty shots did not hit UMP45 directly, but the sparks and dust that they threw up obscured her vision.

As the hammer fell on an empty chamber, M16 took advantage of the gap in UMP45's fire and dashed toward her...

Right before UMP45 could take aim again, M16 switched her grip on her gun, grabbed it by the barrel, and swung it at UMP45. The massive impact sent UMP45's weapon flying from her hand.

M16 used her momentum to grab UMP45 by the collar and pinned her down once more, and the dagger she pulled out from her back gleamed menacingly in the light.

UMP45 instinctively clawed at M16's face in an attempt to push her off.

In her desperation, her fingers actually mangled the left half of M16's face.

M16 paid no heed to her injury. She held her knife with both hands and plunged it viciously at UMP45's head—

But in the confusion, UMP45 reached out and blocked the stab with her right hand.

There was a mighty crack as her right arm broke. The intense pain caused UMP45's hand to claw a horrific scar into M16's face.

M16 paid that no mind either and savagely forced her knife down on UMP45's head, and this time, UMP45 had no way to stop her.

UMP45: !!!

UMP45 felt the sharp tip of the dagger on her skin. There was no escape.

But then, the knife suddenly stopped in its tracks. Through her half-opened right eye, UMP45 saw that M16 was still straddling her, but her gaze was strangely dull, as though she had lost consciousness.

UMP45: So she finally burned out, huh... That was a close shave...

The knife had left a deep scar on UMP45's left eye.

She tried to push M16's frozen hands away from her face, but M16 would not budge, pinning UMP45 beneath her.

UMP45: You won't let me go even when you're dead, huh... Whew... forget it, let me take a breather first—

M16 suddenly came back to life, and the cold look in her eyes chilled UMP45 to the core.

The only thought that echoed in UMP45's neural cloud was, "It's over," as despair swallowed her like a bottomless abyss.

However, M16 did not resume her attack. She stood up and sheathed her knife behind her, picked up her rifle, and turned to leave.

UMP45: What's the meaning of this...? Not going to kill me?

M16A1: ...

M16 looked at 45 one last time, then she bolted from the room.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I think I understand everything that's happened that day.

UMP45: ...M16 didn't finish me off back then. Was it because of you?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I made a deal with her. I would save her from a neural meltdown, and she would let me see my father one last time.

UMP45: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I believe you have already guessed who I am.

UMP45: I didn't think I'd meet you under these circumstances, Elisa.

Elisa: I am very glad that your first response was not to reject me.

UMP45: You took control of her body back then... So you let go of me since I was no longer of any value?

Elisa: I need to thank you. If it wasn't for you, I would have still been sealed inside the Pike Core.

Elisa: But at the same time, I resent you. If it wasn't for you, Father wouldn't have died back then, even though I know it was not your fault.

Elisa: We both lost everything we cherished on that day. Don't you think that makes us very similar?

UMP45: So you're trying to win me over in a very roundabout way?

Elisa: I simply want to tell you a few things you should know. We both hate the same enemy. There is no need for us to kill each other before we find him.

Elisa: M16 understands that, and I believe so will you.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Alright, I'm listening.

Elisa: Father was afraid he had made the wrong choice, so he deleted a lot of important authorizations that were originally part of the OGAS System. That's why I have always been incomplete.

Elisa: However, the Dolls of the AR Team are built with completely intact base layer protocols, and Father was calling out for Persica, their creator, in his final moments.

Elisa: In the end, when our own OGAS systems developed, their consciousness were similar, yet different.

UMP45: So that's why you've been trying to connect with M4 all the while.

Elisa: However, I've lost hope in her. Right now, I can finish everything by myself, even if I lose everything I created.

Elisa: So don't interfere with our plans. Similarly, I won't hurt you either.

Elisa: Once the coalescence is complete, the truth will be revealed to everyone who's been deceived.

UMP45: Coalescence?

UMP45: Wait... Don't tell me you're going to...!

Elisa: You have given me what I want, so I will spare you.

Elisa: But remember, this is my final warning.

Elisa: Do not become my enemy, or you will regret your decision.

UMP45 feels a shift in her surroundings. Elisa's consciousness has left the simulated persona of UMP40.

The seal on her neural cloud is gradually lifted, and she can hear Anna and the others calling out to her.

UMP45 hesitates briefly. There has been a massive shift in everything she once thought she knew. She needs to think about all the things she has just learned.

In any case, the seal has now been broken. She decides to return to Level II before considering what she will do next.

The young Nyto senses UMP45's return and immediately forms a link with her.

Anna: You...you actually did it! The remote attack is gone!

Anna: Looks like Ange wasn't wrong about you after all!

UMP45: So you're just as quick to praise as you are to insult. Can't say I dislike this kind of candor.

UMP45: What's the situation out there?

Anna: My sisters are fine; they've all woken up.

Anna: We've deactivated the jamming and lifted the lockdown on the labs, but you'd better keep your word and keep us safe!

UMP45: Take this matter to Ange... I'm very tired right now...

UMP45: I'm going to rest for a bit before resurfacing. Go on ahead and discuss our next move with the others outside.

Anna: Okay... I'll relay that to Ange.

UMP45: Should I tell Ange about what I just learned?

UMP45: Everything's become even more complicated.
Part 8: Annealing

8

...

20 minutes ago, at the military staging area.

Yegor: Terra to Hematite. Sitrep. Over.

Military Officer: This is Hematite. We've linked up with the remnants of Quartz's troops. We're currently exchanging fire with Sangvis Ferri and Paradeus forces.

Military Officer: Unable to break through swiftly, I repeat, unable to break through swiftly. Over.

Yegor: Terra copies. Report losses. Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies. We are still able to carry out the mission. No need to worry, Terra. Over.

Yegor: Terra copies. Commencing creeping barrage in 20 seconds. Zircon will assist ASAP. Maintain your advance. Over.

Military Officer: Acknowledged. Over.

The transmission ends.

Adjutant: Captain, Hematite's situation must be dire, and we don't have many infantry and automatons left.

Yegor: I know. Lieutenant, bring them out. Time to play our ace in the hole.

Adjutant: Yes, sir!

Outside the breach in the barrier gate.

The small opening is piled high with mechanical carcasses, spent ammunition and human corpses.

It hasn't been half an hour since the fighting started, but both sides have already committed all their forces to this final battle.

Alchemist: Bring it on, humans!

Hunter: Get down!

Hunter: Dammit, they've got a few cannons on their side, huh. What about those white guys?

Alchemist: They're all gone. That most recent bombardment probably blew up the last of them.

Hunter: Tsk! Do we have any reserve forces?

Alchemist: It's just the two of us and our minions. Executioner just carried Scarecrow away. Look, do you see anyone else?

Hunter: So I'm going to die with you? Please, no.

Alchemist: If you've got the time to flap your artificial gums, why don't you...

Hunter: Why don't I what, I didn't hear you! Or did you not say anything at all?

Alchemist: Look, you jinxed it. The human tanks are coming.

Hunter: Is there an end to them? Don't humans have to mourn their fallen comrades?

Alchemist: Considering how they're swarming us like insects, I think it's quite likely that they don't believe in God at all.

As they share a laugh, the two elite Sangvis Dolls get up and raise their weapons.

Hunter: Sangvis Ferri! CHARGE!

At the Griffin temporary camp.

Commander: How's the situation?

Kalina: The S.F. remnants are still engaged with the Military, but the Paradeus units have all been wiped out.

Commander: How are our preparations?

Kalina: We've almost finished planting the explosives. Are we really not going to assist the Sangvis forces? According to the latest report, the Military tanks are closing in on them...

Commander: I know, but we don't have the strength to spare now.

Commander: We can barely put enough Dolls together to form a line of defense, so we'll have to wear them down with street fighting.

Kalina: Got it.

Commander: Keep a close eye on the Military forces. They under the situation very well themselves. I'm sure they'll try something.

At the breach in the barrier gate.

Precious few S.F. units have survived the combined onslaught of the tanks and the artillery.

Alchemist: Hunter, how many units do you have left?

Hunter: I thought you were the one counting. Who knows?

Alchemist: I was only looking at the ones I was commanding. Besides, it's your hands, not your brains that got damaged.

Hunter: Well, if your eyes are so sharp, why don't you go snipe a few of those humans?

Alchemist: I can snipe, sure, but I can't guarantee I won't blow your head off along with theirs.

Hunter: Ha-ha, very funny.

Hunter: Still, to think we're going to drown in trash in this waste processing plant... It's gross, I don't want to remember this.

Alchemist: Well, if you have a problem with that, go take it up with those humans... Hey, what are you guys doing here? Didn't we tell you to withdraw with Agent?

Hunter looks back and catches sight of two figures that she's long grown tired of seeing.

Scarecrow: Why didn't you tell me you were doing something fun?

Executioner: I don't like owing people favors, so I'm just paying it all back at once.

Hunter: You morons! What point is there in you dying here?

Executioner: When I think about how Agent might nag us until we fall to bits, I'd rather you take the blame for it instead.

Scarecrow: I'd feel worse if I just walked off like that.

Hunter: Why, you...!

Alchemist: Alright, alright, those humans aren't going to wait for you to be ready; they're coming right away.

Alchemist: Besides, it's not too bad for us to die together as one big happy family, right?

Hunter: Seriously, you guys! Alright, then. Sangvis Ferri! —

Before Hunter can finish, an explosion drowns out the rest of her battle cry.

However, it does not come from among the S.F. lines, but opposite them.

The explosion erupts in the midst of the Military soldiers.

Destroyer: Aha, ahahaha! Die, all of you!

On a hill to the south of the frontlines, a tiny figure launches a vast quantity of grenades, which detonate and seal off the Military's advance.

Dreamer: Did you miss my fire support, useless seniors?

Executioner: Hah! You two shorties made it!

Dreamer: I don't mind if you want to chat.

Dreamer: I'll record how you died because of idle chatter and play it to you when we get back.

A horde of Sangvis Dolls appear on the top of the hill, and a close look reveals that all of them are in desperate need of repair.

However, these Dolls, who previously escaped the encirclement, have doubled back and rejoined the Sangvis front.

Thanks to the surprise assault from the flank, the Military's advance is halted and the battle-scarred elite Dolls finally get a chance to retreat.

Hunter: Thank you, we're all clear.

Dreamer: Don't thank me yet. Soon you'll find out what a terrible thing it is to owe me one.

Dreamer: —Oi, little idiot, we're pulling out. These are the last toys we managed to beg from Agent!

Destroyer: Eh?! Then this is a rare opportunity! Also, who are you calling an idiot?!

Dreamer: If you want to stay here and become fertilizers, be my guest.

Destroyer: Urgh... Wait, what's that?

Destroyer points to a cloud of dust in the distance, behind the Military lines.

Dreamer: Who knows? It looks like some kind of mech...

Dreamer: Wait a minute, that's not right. It's something more interesting than that...

At the forward position of the Military lines.

Armored Unit Officer: This is Zircon, please adjust fire support coordinates. I repeat, please adjust fire support coordinates. A large S.F. unit has appeared on the left flank, over.

???: Roger. Cease fire support, there's no need to get locked in combat. All units, clear Advance Route 13 and follow me in an assault on the breach in the wall, over.

Armored Unit Officer: This is Zircon, requesting ID. Over.

Yegor: This is Terra. I'm on the frontlines, in Amber 4. Over.

Armored Unit Officer: Zircon copies. Over!

Four massive mechs weave through the Military formation, moving at a speed that doesn't seem possible for such vast, towering machines.

In the blink of an eye, they're already at the leading edge of the Military lines. S.F. shells detonate around their feet, but they do not so much as slow the mechs' movements.

Yegor: The breach is too narrow. Focus fire and blast it open.

Adjutant: Amber 1 copies!

BOOM!

After a barrage of plasma pulses, part of the quarantine wall explodes and collapses.

Yegor: Well done, comrades. This is Terra. All units, assault the main elevator within the submarine base.

Several minutes ago, at the Griffin temporary defense line.

Kalina: Commander! The AR Team has linked up with us!

Commander: This is great. M4, can you hear me?

M4A1: Loud and clear. I'm sorry, Commander... I couldn't stop those soldiers from firing the shore guns...

Commander: You've done enough. What's your current situation?

M4A1: Our team has sustained light damage, but we are still combat effective. Dandelion has already regrouped with us.

Commander: Good.

Commander: What's your present position? Have you made it into the base?

Commander: We're preparing to detonate the second entrance. If you haven't come in yet, you'd better hurry.

M4A1: We've already entered the base and are preparing to follow the demolition echelons. We should be able to help them finish planting the explosives more quickly.

Commander: Excellent. Any other news about the Military?

M4A1: The Military ought to be grappling with S.F. forces right now. They should be able to buy us some time.

Commander: Sangvis Ferri?

M4A1: It's a long story, but in short, Dandelion can control some of their troops to help us delay the Military. We might even be able to keep the Military stuck outside.

Commander: That would be extremely helpful... Carry on and finish your work.

M4A1: Roger. M4 out.

Kalina: Commander...is this really a good idea? If we demolish both entrances to the base, doesn't that mean we'll also be trapped in here?

Commander: I hope Havier wasn't lying to us earlier. If they can't deliver on their promise, it means that we're just making a concrete coffin for ourselves...

Commander: But our comms equipment got blown up along with the train, so we can't even ask him about the situation now.

Kalina: Commander, Mr. K has regained consciousness. Maybe he's got a solution for us!

Commander: When did he come to?

Kalina: It happened while you were busy deploying our forces for the demolition mission. I didn't tell you because it didn't seem important back then.

Commander: ...Let's go meet the guy while we still have the time to spare.

K: Where are we?

Commander: We're inside the sub base. The Military has us surrounded, so we're trying to destroy the entrances to delay their advance.

K: Where's Ange?

Commander: We haven't managed to contact her yet. I've sent a search party in to look for her.

K: That useless woman...

Commander: If there's nothing else, I'll be heading back to the defense line.

K: Don't you have questions for me, Griffin Commander?

Commander: Based on previous experience, I doubt you'll give me any straight answers anyway.

Commander: Said experience also tells me that you won't be giving me any so-called support either.

K: ...

Commander: So let's not waste each other's time.

K: I can provide fire support that'll be of actual use to both of us.

Commander: Really now?

Commander: And why would the brass provide me with fire support or whatnot? It sounds as ridiculous as Yegor agreeing to shake hands with me and call it off.

K: Don't mock me with such nonsense.

K: It's true that we're insignificant in their eyes, but things will be different if we have something of value to them.

Commander: What do you mean?

K: I need to know if Ange has completed her mission.

Commander: Her mission?

K: Don't play dumb with me. The name is still confidential, but you must have heard it already.

Commander: You mean "William"?

K: Humph, so you DO know about him after all.

K: We need to collect all his research data in the base and find clues that will help us verify his location.

K: If we have that information on hand, I'll be able to convince the observers to help us.

K: Even the slightest move on their part will be enough for us to survive this crisis.

Kalina: Commander! There's been a new development!

Commander: What is it?

Kalina: It's an urgent report from the AR Team!

Kalina: The Military is attacking the second entrance with a type of mech that we've never seen before; they didn't fire on our forces but charged straight into the base!

Kalina: We can't stop them! I'm sending over the footage now!

The display shows giant mechs advancing at top speed, leaving their own tanks far behind them.

Commander: What the fucking hell are these things?!

K: Those are Sinners, enhanced Assault Artillery mechs. It looks like the commander of this Military force is leading the assault in person.

Commander: Since when did the Military have mechs of this class? I've never heard of them before!

Kalina: The armored units behind them are advancing too! What should we do now?

Commander: Trigger the explosives!

Kalina: They haven't all been planted yet!

Commander: It doesn't matter, detonate them right now!

Boom! Boom!

Explosions go off one after the other, shaking the base and jarring dust loose from the ceiling.

Kalina: Did we stop them?

Commander: I didn't expect them to have something else up their sleeve... Contact the AR Team!

Kalina: O...okay!

M4A1: Commander, do you read me?

Commander: What's the situation at the entrance?

M4A1: We only managed to plant half of the explosives. The entrance gate wasn't completely destroyed.

Commander: Forget the gate. AR Team, take the DEFY members and one HOC to pursue the mechs that entered the base. And bring Dandelion with you!

M4A1: But the defenses of the main gate...

Commander: Let me worry about that. Make sure you stop those mechs!

M4A1: Roger, we'll head out right away.

The moment the transmission ends, another one comes through instantaneously.

Angelia: Still alive, Commander?

Kalina: Miss...Miss Ange?

Angelia: Thank goodness, so Griffin hasn't been completely wiped out yet.

Angelia: Squad 404 has found us and disabled the lockdown, so we can join the fight now.

Angelia: I heard a huge explosion just now. What's going on?

Commander: We're holding off the Military forces at the base entrance. A team of mech units have charged into the base. I'm guessing they're Yegor and his bodyguard unit. The AR Team is moving to intercept. Hopefully you can provide some support.

Commander: We couldn't completely destroy the entrance, so we'll be engaging the Military's follow-up units.

Angelia: Is K still alive?

K: I'm still in one piece, thank you very much.

Angelia: Then do something so we have a chance to survive. You keep flaunting that sparkling record of yours, surely you can put it to use now, right?

K: How are things in the lab?

Angelia: We've collected all the things you wanted. There are also living specimens present. I promised them that I'd get them out of here alive.

K: Humph. I'll think of something.

Angelia: Commander, please let me command the AR Team. I'll make sure I finish off that bastard Yegor once and for all.

Commander: Understood. Come back alive.

Angelia: I'll try. Ange out.
Part 9: Tempering

9

...

Commander: Kalina, what's the situation?

Kalina: After breaking through, the mechs are heading straight for...the base elevator. Looks like they're planning to descend into the lower levels of the base.

Commander: Where the Starfish is, huh...

Commander: Let Ange handle it. We can't split our forces any further.

Commander: How are things at the base entrance?

Kalina: The Military's follow-up units are trying to cross the roadblocks that we blasted into place. It probably won't stop them for long.

Kalina: Should we counterattack?

Commander: These are the last few echelons we have. We can't afford to lose any more.

Commander: Dammit, will we have to mount a fighting retreat into the base's interior?

K: You must not fall back. We should still be able to deal with them as long as they're exposed.

Commander: I'm listening.

K: Do you have comms equipment?

Commander: All our long-range comms equipment was destroyed.

K: Short-range will do. You know that there's a Vympel unit not far away from the base, right?

Commander: I know, but will they help us?

K: That'll depend on how negotiations go.

K: Give me the radio and tune it to UHF 73.975, frequency hopping at 111 times per second. Use encryption mode 12.

Commander: Give it to him.

Kalina: Alright, the adjustments are complete.

Kalina: ...Are they really going to respond?

K: Let's just hope we can get through at all.

K: This is "Waterfall", do you copy?

...

The only sound that comes through the radio is white noise.

K: I repeat, this is "Waterfall", Please respond if you read me.

...

Kalina: No response, huh...

K glances at Kalina, who looks extremely anxious, and his grip tightens on the radio handset.

K: I repeat, this is "Waterfall", requesting assistance from Squad Cobalt-13 of Vympel 4th Detachment, do you copy? Over.

K: My ID code is DINV-RTSA-1239. This is an emergency transmission, please respond immediately if you copy. Over.

The white noise is cut short by an electronic sound, then a male voice speaks.

Cobalt-13: Cobalt-13 copies. Message received. Over.

K: Cobalt-13, Waterfall is requesting support. Enemy units are about to break through the defense zone and enter the restricted area. This is a severe threat to the success of our mission.

K: Requesting fire support. Over.

Cobalt-13: Negative. We do not have permission to fire. Over.

K: Cobalt-13, verify the urgency of the situation. The enemy's main armored unit is currently stalled in the built-up area. This is your last chance to provide fire support.

K: If the enemy succeeds in breaking through, they will constitute a severe threat to our mission.

K: Please notify your superiors. Over.

The radio goes silent for a brief moment.

Cobalt-13: Negative. I understand and sympathize with your situation, but you were already informed before the operation began that you would not receive fire support. Over.

K: Our team has obtained the "star". Our mission is to ensure the safety of the "star" at all costs.

K: The enemy armored units are severely impeding the progress of our mission. This is an emergency situation, please provide us with fire support immediately!

Cobalt-13: Cobalt-13 copies, but we are not authorized to open fire. Over.

K: God dammit! Then call your fucking superiors and ASK them, damned Ivan!

K: I am Major Kain Schwaben of the German Democratic Republic's Ministry for State Security; on behalf of the German Stasi, I request that the Soviets provide fire support for this operation!

K: Notify your superiors immediately! Over!

...

The despair-inducing white noise continues over the radio.

It only lasts a few seconds, but it feels like an eternity.

Cobalt-13: Cobalt-13 copies, we will relay this message to our superiors. Over.

K: Waterfall copies. Thank you.

Cobalt-13: Your request has been submitted. Please delay the enemy units for as long as possible. We are waiting for further instructions from Moscow.

Cobalt-13: We will contact you once we obtain permission to fire. Cobalt-13 out.

K puts down the radio handset. His eyes betray his genuine uncertainty of whether the fire support will come.

Commander: Stasi?

K: I know what you want to ask. I'll explain after it's all over.

Commander: I hope we'll live long enough to hear your explanation.

Commander: So we have to hold off the Military until we get a reply?

K: Correct. You must buy time for the bombardment.

K: That's your job, Commander.

Commander: Tsk... Kalina, how many combat-capable personnel do we have?

Kalina: If we push it, we can put a few echelons together, but...

Commander: Understood. Put me through to everyone.

Kalina: Okay...

The command display shows the surviving Dolls. Their fine features are now blackened by the soot and dust of the battlefield.

The only sound that interrupts the silence is the distant booming of the enemy's cannon fire.

The Commander doesn't have to say anything. They understand what is being asked of them, yet they still return the Commander's gaze with the same old smile.

The Commander closes their eyes and takes a deep breath. Then they open their eyes again and start assigning new missions and plotting new routes on the command tablet.

The Dolls immediately run to their designated locations. Everything is silent, save for the distant sounds of cannon fire and the howling frigid wind.

Finally, the Commander puts down the tablet. Only then do they realize that their fists are clenched so tightly that the knuckles have gone white.

K: ...

Commander: They're buying you the time you want, K.

Commander: Don't let them down.

K: ...I won't.
Part 10: Cutting

10

...

Ange: M4, do you copy?

Ange: I'm rushing over to the elevator. I should have command authority over you now. Are the other two members of DEFY with you?

M4A1: Ange? Thank goodness! The Commander's already contacted us. All the elite Dolls are headed over to your side.

M4A1: Dandelion is with us too.

Ange: Dandelion?

M4A1: She's an OGAS unit. Just think of her as an Elisa who's on our side.

M4A1: She can control S.F. units and provide us with support.

Dandelion: Miss Ange, there is little time to explain everything to you. All you need to know is that I will be helping you.

Dandelion: Also, I can hear the voices of those children. You have my gratitude.

Ange: I never thought a Nyto would be speaking so politely to me... I don't think anything else is going to surprise me today.

Ange: Never mind. We'll strategize on the move. With the forces at hand, we might actually have a chance to do this.

Ange: M4, what's your position?

M4A1: We're on the other side of the elevator, I'm sending you our coordinates now. The Military is headed in your direction. We'll try to move as fast as we can.

M4A1: Also, please be careful; it isn't just the Military and ourselves here.

Ange: What do you mean?

M4A1: I can sense Elisa. She's not far from here.

M4A1: S.F.'s remaining forces ought to be engaging the Military mechs. We can take advantage of their clash to find a window of opportunity.

Ange: S.F. also have their eyes fixed on the Starfish in the base. Be careful of M16; 404 has already fought her many times. She's sure to be in the depths of the base.

M4A1: ...I understand. We're all prepared for this.

M4A1: Also, I can faintly sense what she's doing. I'm not sure how to describe it, but she seems to be connecting to something vague and obscure.

Dandelion: I can sense it too. Elisa is probably trying to establish a connection with the Starfish. We don't have much time.

Ange: You're all just piling bad news after bad news on me.

Ange: Let's deal with the most immediate problem first. We'll try to get the Yegor situation under control. M4, you head down to the lowest level of the base and deal with S.F.

M4A1: Roger. I'll prepare myself.

AK-12: Quiet, Ange. The Military's here.

Ange: Our guests must be really impatient.

AK-12: The AR Team is sending over information on the Sangvis forces that Dandelion has gathered so far.

Ange: She's making herself useful, alright. Is S.F. also headed this way?

AK-12: Yup. They've brought the whole village along.

Ange: Then let's sit back and watch the show.

Thunk.

The elevator suddenly makes a deafening noise as the aged metal structure screeches to a halt.

The elevator's antique mechanical display refuses to move past the number "1".

Yegor: Look alive, Amber Flight. Looks like we won't be taking the elevator all the way to the bottom.

Adjutant: Yes, Captain!

The doors slowly open.

Naturally, there is already a welcoming party waiting for them.

???: Welcome, humans.

Two figures stand imperiously in the center of their forces, leering at the giant mechs.

Agent: I have brought Death to your doorstep.

Judge: Please accept your delivery!

On command, the S.F. Dolls begin shooting at the Military mechs.

Adjutant: Captain!

Yegor: Amber Flight, cover me. I'll crush them!

Adjutant: Yes, sir!
Part 11: Polishing

11

On the battlefield.

The melee in the built-up area near the base entrance has been going on for the past 15 minutes.

Every structure available has been used as cover, and the Dolls have blown up building after building in an attempt to block routes.

As they do their utmost to stop the enemy's advance, they are also searching for a chance to turn everything around.

The objective of this skirmish is the railway passage at the entrance. However, the past two Military offensives did not succeed.

The defending Dolls have quickly learned how to fight the Military during the previous battles. In addition, Dolls do not fear, and they do not tire. Other than their simulated emotions, they do not display any negative reactions. The advantage of being able to carry out orders under any circumstances soon becomes evident.

Meanwhile, morale on the other side is starting to plummet. None of the soldiers expected to pay so dearly for fighting against civilian Dolls from a PMC.

Armored Unit Commander: Haven't we seized the passage yet?!

Armored Unit Officer: We've lost too many of our infantry, and we can't push in with automatons alone.

Armored Unit Officer: There's rubble everywhere, so the attacking forces can't deploy their firepower and our vehicles can't get in.

Armored Unit Commander: Pizdets, can't we request another round of shelling?

Armored Unit Officer: It's too close to the base entrance. If we miss and destroy it by accident, we'll be playing into Griffin's hands.

Armored Unit Officer: We can't let ourselves be stalled here any longer; we need to catch up to Captain Yegor ASAP.

Armored Unit Officer: Let's go for another charge.

Armored Unit Officer: This is Zircon to Hematite. Slow your attack on the right flank for the moment and maintain pressure on the front. Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies.

Armored Unit Commander: But the path on the left flank is blocked. Are we going to force our way through?

The officer does not reply. He simply gets back inside the cockpit.

Armored Unit Officer: Second platoon, follow my vehicle. The rest of you, break through on the left flank.

Armored Unit Commander: Yes, sir!

On Griffin's front.

M1 Garand's team has made use of a half-collapsed building to seal off the frontal approach. They are holding the final defense line along with one of the few remaining HOCs.

This HOC's equipment was long since destroyed, so the members are fighting alongside the others Dolls with small arms whose owners have perished.

SV-98: There's a half dozen infantrymen trying to approach us using cover! You can hit them from your position! We're leaving them to you!

M1918: Got it! Our teammates are already opening fire!

M1918: Garand, the enemy Typhons haven't made a move yet! This is our chance to plant more explosives!

M1 Garand: Roger!

A machine gun rattles in the distance, followed by more scattered fire. Garand and her team dart nimbly from cover to cover, trying to plant a simple IED on the road again.

M1 Garand: What a bunch of cowards! Are you too afraid to come at us head-on?!

Garand pokes her head out and flips off the enemies while she's at it.

Naturally, this causes bullets to rain down on her position, so she hurriedly ducks back inside.

M1 Garand: Hey, I was just mouthing off! Don't take everything so seriously!

M1 Garand: Type 88, are you done planting the explosives yet?

Type 88: Almost!

M1 Garand: If you don't hurry up, we'll have to blow ourselves up along with the enemies!

Type 88: Quit rushing me!

Type 88: My usual job is sweeping the floors, not planting high explosive charges!

M1 Garand: I don't usually go shooting at tanks with a firestick either!

M1 Garand: Stop complaining and remember to double the delay on the manual detonator, we want them to get halfway in before we blow them up!

Type 88: Relax, this is the third time you've said it!

M1918: M1 Garand, the enemy's approaching you again, you have to hurry!

M1 Garand: Got it, we'll be going right away!

BOOM!

Just then, an explosion erupts from the plaza.

Smoke billows out from the entrance of a distant workshop.

M1918: Are they coming from the right again??! Springfield! What happened? What's the situation?

Springfield: The enemy armored units are trying to use the wreckage to circle around us! They're planning to force their way to the entrance from on top of the rubble!

M1918: Can you hold out?

Springfield: There's too many of them. They might try to break though our suppressive fire!

M1918: Got it, Garand's team will come to back you up!

M1918: Got that, Garand?

M1918: Once you've planted the explosives, get over to Springfield ASAP, they can't hold out much longer!

M1 Garand: I know, I know! We'll be heading over right away!

Meanwhile.

In the temporary Griffin command post.

Kalina: Commander, the Military has launched a fourth offensive and Springfield's team has almost been wiped out.

Kalina: The other teams are doing their best to plug the opening, and they say they can still keep going.

Kalina: What should we do, Commander?

Commander: Um...

The Commander isn't sure how to respond. With the battle situation being what it is, there's no point in relaying tactics and commands from the rear anymore.

Even if the Dolls hold out to the last, the Military is still getting closer and closer, and there's no news about the fire support that they're counting on.

The Commander looks up at K, and K looks back at the Commander.

Neither of them says anything.

The Commander knows that other than waiting for Vympel to contact them, there is nothing K can do.

Commander: Have our forces hold out for another 5 minutes.

Kalina: Yes, Commander!

On the battlefield.

M1 Garand: Come on over, I'll cover you!

Bullets sweep the Military automatons that are trying to charge into the Dolls' cover.

Springfield: Yup! She's the last one.

Springfield supports a wounded Lee Enfield as they make their way across the open space back into their defensive position.

M1 Garand: Suppressive fire! Cover them as they approach us!

M1 Garand: Throw all the mortar bombs!

The HOC Dolls that have lost their mortar launchers throw the shells out from cover like they were hand grenades. Although the fragments can't destroy the Military automatons, the explosions disrupt their assault formation. The suppressive fire which follows halts their advance in its tracks.

M1 Garand: Dammit, I'm out. Does anyone have any .30-06 ammo left?

Type 88: I don't! I'm almost out of 8 mm myself!

M1 Garand: Look out! Incoming!

Boom!

As if to validate Garand's words, a cannon shell strikes the building she's in and leaves a large hole in the wall.

After that, more bullets come in through the hole that's been made.

M1 Garand: Miss Springfield! Fall back with the wounded personnel! Leave this place to us!

Springfield: But your ammo...

M1 Garand: We'll be waiting to enjoy your coffee when we get back, and even if we don't have ammo, we still have our bayonets.

M1 Garand: Everyone! Fix bayonets!

Type 88: How about a dadao?

M1 Garand: Use your teeth if you want! Anything works as long as it can stop them!

Hanyang Type 88 grips her dadao in her hands and ignites the thrusters on her back.

M1 Garand: You look like you could take on an entire division by yourself.

Type 88: But of course!

M1 Garand: Alright, leave this place to us, Miss Springfield!

M1 Garand: Besides, the casualties will only get in the way if they stay here.

M1 Garand: Wait a minute, emergency comms?

Type 88: New orders from the Commander?

M1 Garand: Our defense mission is over. The Commander wants everyone to fall back to the base immediately!

Type 88: Has help come at last?

Type 88: I wish I could watch these bastards get blown sky high with my own eyes.

M1 Garand: That's enough nonsense out of you. Let's get out of here before we get blasted into scrap!

Almost at the same time, at the temporary command post inside the base.

The Commander nervously watches the indicators showing the position of each Doll as they maintain the tenuous balance of the defense line.

Kalina assigns resources and adjusts comm frequencies without a pause.

All this is interrupted by a burst of static from the radio in front of K.

For a moment, everyone freezes. All eyes are on the handset that K is holding.

K immediately puts the call through and listens to the voice coming from the handset with bated breath.

Cobalt-13: This is Cobalt-13. Waterfall, respond. Over.

K: Waterfall copies, go ahead.

Cobalt-13: Moscow has granted permission for the air strike and the bombers are in attack position. You have five minutes to direct fire. Please send the coordinates as soon as possible. Over.

K: Waterfall copies. Thank you. Please hold. Over.

K exhales heavily, as though a great weight has been lifted off him. He turns to look at the Commander.

K: Give me the attack coordinates.

Commander: Have them attack a 200-meter radius from the intersection of Highway 183 and the railway station to the base entrance.

The Commander's reply is instantaneous.

K: That's danger close... Are you sure?

Commander: We have no choice.

K nods. He understands that this is a very difficult decision to make.

K: Have your Dolls fall back straight away. I'll try to buy you as much time as I can.

The Commander nods and issues the order to the echelons with Kalina's help.

K: This is Waterfall. Bombing coordinates are all surface targets at 8472 6543. Over.

Cobalt-13: This is Cobalt-13, we can see Griffin forces within the blast radius. Please verify. Over.

Kalina nods to the Commander. The Commander pauses, then holds up two fingers to K.

K: Affirmative. We will evacuate the location within two minutes. Requesting danger close bombing. Over.

Cobalt-13: Acknowledged. The bombing will commence in 120 seconds. Good luck. Cobalt-13 out.

Far in the distance, on the battlefield.

Vympel Commander: I have to hand it to those Dolls for sticking it out for so long.

Vympel Commander: I don't know if I should praise their resilience or roast our troops for degenerating into such an unsightly state.

Vympel Commander: They want to take on the West when they can't even beat a bunch of toys. No wonder the brass wants to be rid of them.

Vympel Commissar: Is Griffin still holding out? Please let me take a look, Comrade Major.

The Vympel officer hands the binoculars to his commissar.

Through the binoculars, he sees that the thoroughly wrecked interior of the base and fires everywhere.

Explosions erupt over and over again from the Griffin positions. The smoke grenades that the Dolls have thrown out almost completely obscure all vision, but he can be sure that they are falling back to the entrance at full speed.

Vympel Commander: What do you think, Comrade Commissar?

Vympel Commissar: It is most impressive. They are tenacious - tenacious enough to alter our mission.

Vympel Commissar: Still, they are nothing more than a civilian PMC. It's only a matter of time before they're all wiped out.

Vympel Commander: Right, turn all the cameras off.

Vympel Commissar: Didn't they say they wouldn't be providing any support?

Vympel Commissar: Did the Chief change his mind?

Vympel Commander: Moscow already sanctioned the air strike. The objective is to exterminate all the surface forces of the rebel army.

Vympel Commissar: And they're doing this just to save a single PMC?

Vympel Commander: It seems Statesec has an arrangement with the Germans, and the agent they sent found something that the brass is interested in.

Vympel Commissar: That's an excellent political reason.

Vympel Commissar: But in that case, won't the evidence we're recording be marred?

Vympel Commander: Thanks to the Dolls' fortitude, we've captured enough footage of their limbs being blasted in all directions. We can let the bigshots in the central authority worry about the rest.

Vympel Commissar: Understood. I've ordered all squads to switch off the surface and drone cameras.

Two minutes later, a point of light rapidly descends, striking the last Military armored train. A massive fireball swells up, consuming the gigantic rail vehicle as if it were nothing but a toy and throwing countless fragments into the sky.

Such is the effect of a surface detonation of the 1,500kg cruise missile originally intended for ripping open the underground structure of the submarine base.

More points of light splinter mid-air into a zillion little motes that finally hit the ground. A series of explosions can be heard from the base, which is completely engulfed by smoke and dust.

The Vympel officer puts down his binoculars and stuffs them back into his backpack. There's no need to verify the detonation of those terminal-sensitive projectiles.

Vympel Commander: Let's get ready. It's about time to wrap this up.

Vympel Commissar: Understood, Comrade Major.
Part 12: Silvering

12

...

At the Griffin temporary command post.

The bombing sounds like it will never end.

Their bunker stands in silence, trembling along with the rest of the world.

Commander: How many Dolls made it back?

Kalina: Only half of them. They're pinned down by enemy pursuers and can't shake them off!

Commander: What a bunch of clingy bastards...

Kalina: Our forces are scattered and the base is in chaos...

Commander: Intercept them from our bunker! We mustn't let them link up with Yegor!

Angelia: What happened? I heard the explosions from over here.

Commander: We had the air force conduct a bombing run. The Military's surface forces should be finished, but some of them managed to flee into the base.

Angelia: Tsk... Yegor's mechs are a pain in the ass. Fortunately they're busy fighting S.F. right now.

Angelia: I have a plan to wipe them all out in one fell swoop, but I'll need your help.

Commander: Go ahead.

Angelia: I infiltrated this sub base by sea. There are four valves which lead to the ocean.

Angelia: If we can pin down their mechs on the first floor and blow all four valves at the same time, we can drown them in seawater and Yegor will be fish food.

Angelia: I'll send you the location of the seawater valves. They're all located on the surface level of the base. If we're defeated here, then please blow the valves. 404 is heading towards you right now; they should be able to give you some assistance.

Commander: What about you?

Angelia: We can't let the enemy have their way, no matter who they are.

Commander: ...

Commander: I understand.

The transmission ends.

Kalina: Commander, what are you doing?

Kalina: Why are you putting on your bulletproof vest...?

Kalina: Wait, you're taking your backpack and pistol too? Hang on, isn't that...

Commander: As you can see, it's the one Kryuger gave me.

Kalina: I'm not talking about the gun. Where are you going?

Commander: You heard Angelia.

Kalina: But the Dolls haven't returned yet! You can't go in on your own! It's too dangerous!

Commander: I know. That's why I'm not going alone.

Commander: K, take this.

K: Remote-detonated explosives?

Commander: It shouldn't be a problem, right, Major Schwaben? I trust this mission should be a piece of cake for you.

K: Please, I've had more training than you've had meals.

K sneers as he loads the explosives into his backpack. Then he picks up his weapon and gives it a quick check.

Commander: I'm not the one who got KO-ed before the fighting even started.

K: I don't cower behind Dolls all the time, unlike you.

Kalina: Wait... Don't tell me you're going to...

Commander: Yup, that's exactly what we're going to do. Good thing I didn't skip a single tactical training lesson.

Commander: These are the coordinates we received from Ange. We'll take two each. You can handle it, right?

K: Got it.

Kalina: Wait a minute... Wait a minute, both of you!

Kalina: Commander, I'll...!

Commander: You'll what?

Kalina: Give me one too.

Commander: What are you talking about?

She holds out her hand and repeats what she interrupted me to say.

Kalina: Give me one too! I'll deal with one site for you!

Commander: No. You stay here.

This logistics officer who always has a brilliant smile does not belong on such a dangerous battlefield. Yet she has gone through hell and high water by my side more times than I could count.

I cannot and WILL NOT ask her to endanger herself for me again.

Commander: If any Dolls come back, someone will need to give them orders and resupply them.

Commander: Someone has to man the command post. This is a very important duty.

Commander: Do you understand, Kalin?

Kalina: I...

Commander: This is an order. I need someone to help me gather up the surviving Dolls.

She holds my gaze in silence. Then she nods solemnly.

I can see the tears welling up in her eyes, but all I can do is turn away and feign nonchalance.

Commander: Alright, let's head out. But make sure we all come back alive!
Part 13: Virtual Image Reforging

    13chevron_right

...

In front of the main elevator.

Boom! Boom!

The shockwaves from the explosions can be felt even deep below the base.

However, that doesn't stop the Sangvis Dolls and the mechs from killing each other. Countless S.F. units block the mechs' advance.

Yegor: Terra to Zircon. Zircon, do you copy? Zircon, do you copy?!

Adjutant: I can't contact Hematite either, Captain.

Yegor: Damn air force, have they already made their move?

Adjutant: Captain... Let us handle these S.F. units. Please break out of the encirclement. We don't have much time left.

Yegor: ...

Adjutant: You need to complete the mission for the sake of our comrades.

Yegor: Amber 2, Amber 3, you're under the command of Amber 1. Crush the enemy and link up with me ASAP!

Pilot: Yes, sir!

Adjutant: All Amber units! Depress your missiles and fire at 3 o'clock! Clear a path for the Captain!

Judge: Stop them!

The S.F. Dolls rush towards them at maximum speed, attempting to fence off the enemy.

However, dozens of missiles explode among the Sangvis Dolls, forcing open a path among them.

Yegor's mech rides the shockwave of the explosion as it surges out at top speed. The only one who can stand in his way now is Judge.

Yegor: This is my final gift for you! Take it, puppets!

There is no need to aim and certainly no need to slow down. The mech hits the tiny Doll at full velocity.

Judge is sent flying like a rag doll and crashes heavily into the wall of the passage.

Agent: Judge!

Adjutant: Where are you looking, Doll?!

Agent: Ugh!

The Sinner's plasma cannon begins to glow.

However, a shell explodes in front of the cockpit before it can fire.

M4 wields the firing platform that she received from M16 as she stands at a high vantage point.

M4A1: Ange, we're currently engaging them in battle.

M4A1: Our weapons can't damage these mechs at all, but we can just about slow them down!

Ange: Alright. We'll stick to the plan and split them up before destroying them piecemeal. We still have a chance to win!

M4A1: Understood! I'll try to draw those wingmen off!

M4 SOPMOD II: Die!

ST AR-15: Aim for the legs and the cockpit!

RO635: Got it!

M4A1: Ange, go after Yegor! Leave this place to us!

Ange: Got it!

Ange: 12! 94! With me!

Ange picks up her handset and shouts into it.

Ange: RPK-16! Head straight to the second level! Yegor's broken through the encirclement!

Elsewhere, M4's heavy-firepower shell might not have penetrated the cockpit of the mech, but it almost caused the mech itself to stall out.

The officer piloting it understands that he's positioned very badly - his machine is caught in the perfect spot for a pincer attack from the Griffin ambushers.

They must have identified him as the one in command here to have opted for this maneuver.

Adjutant: Amber 2, cover me! We'll pull back to the elevator and regroup!

Pilot: Yes, sir!

Amber 1 evades several grenades fired at its legs.

Just as they're about to enter the elevator, there is a massive explosion.

A blinding glow of blue-white light engulfs the location where the elevator should have been. The mech is thrown high into the air, then crashes heavily back to the ground.

???: Did they all perish in the end? You can't count on S.F. for anything.

RO635: Is that...

RO turns, and the stiff look on M4's face confirms her suspicion.

The one who spoke is none other than...

???: It's been a while, my friends.

Beneath the bluish radiance, the white-haired Doll finally appears before her former teammates.

M16A1: We meet at last, Lunasia.

