...

UMP45: 9 and I will be doing her upgrade in the other room. If you guys finish first, wait for me in the living room.

416: Got it. Also, Dier... Why do you have to sneak around inside your own house? It makes me feel like a thief.

Dier: Uh...it's complicated. Come, over here, you won't have to walk on eggshells once you're in the basement.

416: That secret base of yours always brings back bad memories to me...

Dier: What's wrong with it?! In any case, this is the most advanced Doll upgrade facility within 100 km, so quit your complaining already!

416: (Sighs) Why is everyone that 45 knows so weird... Wake up, Gr G11. If you don't get up, Dier's going to scrap you and turn you into a washing machine.

Gr G11: Aaaahhhh... What the heck, isn't this Dier's Doll base...? Oooohh— I haven't been here in a while, there's a lot of stuff here that I don't recognize.

Dier: Hehehe, we Doll engineers can't go three months without buying new equipment.

Gr G11: Wow, I've never seen these earphones before. They look really cool; I like them. Can I give them a try?

416: Don't just go around touching others' stuff. What are you going to do if you break them?

Dier: If you like them, then go ahead and take them.

Dier: But 416 is right. We ought to take care of business first.

Dier: It's been so long since the last time you came to my secret hideout, so clearly we need to give you a routine checkup!

Gr G11: (Groans) I just realized, letting a robosexual pervert ogle at my body is kind of gross...

416: Don't worry, I'll be keeping an eye on him throughout the entire process. If Dier tries anything funny on you, I'll blow his head off.

Dier: How rude! I'll have you know that I'm more interested in a Doll's internals than her exterior appearance...

Gr G11: It sounds even worse when you put it that way...

416: Don't worry. Everything you said just now has been recorded as evidence. I'll send it over to Sier in a bit so she can fix your abnormal brain.

Dier: Hey! Weren't you the ones who strong-armed me into upgrading you?! If you keep slandering me like this, I'll charge extra!

Dier: Now, be a good girl and lie down here, Gr G11.

As Dier banters with his guests, he lays Gr G11 down on the maintenance bench.

Gr G11: At the very least, I can sleep comfortably in your workshop, Dier. I like that part.

Gr G11: Still, since you can buy all sorts of gear for your workshop, why not invest in a comfier bed? This pillow is as hard as ever.

Dier: Look, this is a maintenance bench, not a bed...

Dier: ...That said, there ARE more comfortable models on the market, so have your boss hurry up and pay me back.

Dier: In any case, I'll be putting you into sleep mode. Sweet dreams.

Gr G11: Mm. Alright then... Goodnight...

After Dier enters his command codes, Gr G11 slowly closes her eyes, and the progress bar on the nearby computer screen begins to move.

It's only when Gr G11 is completely asleep that 416 asks Dier a question.

416: How is she, Dier?

Dier: Be patient. A full three-level neural cloud scan takes time.

Dier: Besides, I should be the one asking that question, right?

416: Huh? Why is that?

Dier: You're the one who always goes around with her, not me. I have no way of knowing about Gr G11's recent performance.

Dier: Has it flared up again during the past few months? Has she been forgetting things, or has she been showing symptoms like confusion or jumbled speech?

416: Well...there hasn't been anything unusual for almost a year since her neural cloud last broke down...

Dier: While installing an excessively-advanced fire control core into her might have been forcing it a bit... Given her present condition, my skills really are flawless indeed!

416: Is that so...

Dier: Don't worry. As the saying goes, "no news is good news".

Dier: Gr G11 can go adventuring with you because she's got ample fighting power, right?

416: I'm still worried that this might be too much for her.

Dier: Since Gr G11 isn't complaining, that proves she's very happy with the present situation.

Dier: Oh yes, I heard 45 say that you're going to upgrade your electronic warfare modules too?

Dier: If you're making any changes to the Level III base layer, then you'll need a scan like Gr G11 to make sure you have enough free capacity inside.

Dier: Why not do it with her now? That way it'll help save time for both of us.

416: I wasn't designed for electronic warfare. I've never touched it ever since I was rolled out.

416: So...will installing these modules make me stronger?

Dier: Frankly speaking, I'm not too sure what 45 is thinking. Still, she must have her reasons for her decision.

Dier: Also, if there's any extra space left over after installing the new EW modules, I'll fit a few more combat programs in there.

Dier: Of course, extra services mean extra costs! How about it? Sound appealing to you?

416: Alright, why not? Besides, I'm not footing the bill for this. Put it on 45's tab.

Dier: Hehehe, then I'll bring out the most expensive items from my special stock and give it a try.

Dier: You just lie down on the counter by the side.

416 lies down on the other maintenance bench, but as Dier starts up the computer to begin the neural cloud diagnostics program, he notices a strange look on 416's face.

Dier: ...Hm? You look a little tense.

416: Nonsense... It's nothing of the sort.

Dier: Is this your first time doing a full-stack neural cloud diagnostic?

Dier: Please try and keep calm if you can. If the neural cloud simulation waves are too strong, it might cause an abnormal termination of the program.

416: This isn't my first time...and I don't feel like discussing it with you, so hurry up and begin.

Dier: Alright then, I hope you have sweet dreams too.

416 closes her eyes, and with a sigh, Dier presses the switch to initiate the diagnostic program.

...

416: (The last time I did a full neural cloud diagnostic was...back then, I suppose.)

416: ...You're removing my fire control core and transferring me? Why? We've been practicing for this op for a long time, haven't we?

416: Are you serious, M16? You won't even tell me why? Am I useless? Did I do something wrong? At least give me an answer!

416: ...

416: ...

416: Why...didn't you answer me...

416: I won't accept this...not this kind of humiliation, not this kind of ending!

416: ...Why am I thinking about the past again?

416: This scanning program really sucks.

...

416 wakes from her hiding place in a corner of an abandoned warehouse and begins a new day.

She pulls out a tattered map from a pocket, and her gaze shifts between various markings on it.

416: (I've been to District C and District D these past two days. They're too close together... I'll go to District F today.)

When 416 was a Griffin Tactical Doll, she had access to a full suite of first-party I.O.P. repair tanks and charging facilities. Currently, those things are far beyond the reach of a fugitive Doll.

Scavenging for batteries in the trash and old power cells from wrecked cars on the side of the road are all unsavory, yet necessary lifelines that she needs to survive.

In addition, being an outlaw on the run, even scavenging out in the open is fraught with risk.

She slides a pencil out of a wall corner and takes care to make notes on the empty spots on the map.

416: (My protocol software's expired, and now I can't even access basic map functions, dammit...)

416's fingers twitch, but in the end she overcomes the urge to scrunch up the map. Instead, she presses her lips together.

416: (Maybe it would have been better if I had been destroyed during a mission. It sure beats trying to cling to a pathetic life like this. Besides, I would have been executed for desertion anyway...)

416: (Nein, I can't accept an ending like this! I'm an elite Doll, I can't just allow myself to become a write-off!)

416: (That's right... That's why I jumped off the transport vehicle. They took my fire control core, but I managed to hold onto my gun...)

416: (I'm going to return to Griffin and become a role model for what an elite Doll should be!)

416 stands up and heads for the streets outside the warehouse.

416: (I'm going to live on, until you face my wrath.)

...

416 sees several civilian Dolls on her way to the place where she's planning to do her scavenging.

They're dressed in bright, pretty colors. Some of them are holding shopping baskets to help people do their roadside shopping, while others are wearing uniforms and working in the stores, living lives that are dramatically different from 416's.

416: (Even they are having a much better time of it than me.)

416: (You're the one who forced me into this pitiful state, M16... I'll never forgive you for this.)

416 avoids the main roads and passes through the narrow alleys, then reaches the back door of a shopping arcade.

The little-frequented alley is lined with huge dumpsters, and the ground is littered with unopened food items and mechanical parts.

However, a short, white-haired girl is already one step ahead of her.

White-Haired Girl: Eh...

She stops rummaging through the dumpsters and looks at the newly-arrived 416, then hurriedly backs off.

416: Is she a homeless child? Nein, judging by the damage on her body...she's a Doll too, huh.

416: There seem to be a lot of abandoned Dolls in this sector... Is it because the police are being too slack around here?

As 416 is pondering the matter, the white-haired girl eyes her weapon, which makes 416 a little uncomfortable.

416: Um...I'm not going to hurt you. I just want to borrow some of the things here, just like you... Don't worry, this gun isn't loaded...

White-Haired Girl: ...Eeeep! Stay...stay away from me!

She doesn't seem to have heard anything 416 said.

Just as 416 takes a step forward, she stumbles back, then turns and runs.

As she watches the girl stumble away, 416 can't help but sigh.

416: Honestly...you're making me out to be the bad guy here.

416: Now I won't feel good even if I go home with a full harvest today.

But not long after 416 starts rummaging through the supermarket dumpsters, she hears a scream from nearby.

???: Yaaaaaaaa!

416: What...is going on?

416: Is it coming from over there?!

After putting down the rechargeable battery she just found, 416 carefully surveys her surroundings to pinpoint the source of the voice before rushing over.

...

White-Haired Girl: Ahhhhhhhh!

Male Punk: Dammit, you actually bit me! Pretty damn cocky for a piece of abandoned trash.

416: (Is he a hooligan from the slums? Bad luck for her...)

Female Punk: Be careful how much force you use. Don't break her. If we handle this well, we'll be able to sell her for a good price after fixing her up.

416: (What...selling? Looks like they aren't just hooligans.)

The man with the baseball bat curses and swings at the white-haired girl, who's lying on the ground.

The white-haired girl screams with all her might, but after a few hits from the bat, her voice trails off.

416: (They...they're really going to break her! I need to think of something...)

416: (But right now, I can only afford to use the bare minimum of power needed to keep moving. I won't stand a chance if it's two-on-one, and let's not even talk about getting her out of here...)

416: (That's right, I've got a gun! But I don't have bullets...)

Male Punk: That'll settle her.

The man grabs the white-haired girl by the hair, then hauls her up and off the ground.

Male Punk: Her outer shell's just a little cracked; there's nothing to worry about.

Female Punk: We haven't seen goods like this in a while. Today's our lucky day. Let's go back and turn her in.

416: (Dammit... I can't keep twiddling my thumbs!)

416 raises her gun to the ready position and jumps out from around the corner.

416: What are you doing? Stop it at once!

The two punks are startled by 416. The man casts his arm out to the side and dumps the white-haired girl to the ground.

Male Punk: Who's that?!

Male Punk: Crap... Is that a Tactical Doll? Did the cops hire her?!

Female Punk: No, if it was the cops, there wouldn't be just one of them...

The woman takes out a phone and points the camera lens at 416, then she smiles.

Female Punk: Bingo, this prime catch just delivered herself to us. There's no software links on her; she's a 100% bona fide illegal Doll.

Male Punk: An illegal Doll of this quality? Hahahaha, what a haul.

Male Punk: Hey! Listen up, you little bitch!

The man throws down his bat and pulls a pistol out of the inside of his coat pocket, then aims it at 416.

Male Punk: I've got a gun too, hehe... You Dolls aren't allowed to harm human beings, right? So what the hell are you playing at over there?!

416: ...You really think I can't?

The man brushes it off with a smile and chambers a round in his pistol.

Male Punk: Even among the big shots in the business, hardly any of them can rewrite a Doll's operating principles. You think an abandoned, illegal Doll like you can shoot at me?

Male Punk: On the other hand, this gun I'm holding right here isn't restricted in any way. Want to try it out?

Female Punk: Hey, watch it! If you put bullet holes in her, it's going to tank the resale price!

416: Ha... I'm a real Tactical Doll.

416: Do the two of you want to match your reflexes against mine?

While she's managed to muster up a retort for now, 416's neural cloud weighs up all the existing factors and the only thing she knows for sure is that she is in a very unfavorable position.

416: (I'm about 10 meters away from them... I shouldn't have stopped them just now, I should have just rushed them...)

416: (Can I disarm him? But even if I get his gun, chances are high that my automatic control systems will forcibly terminate any offensive actions I take against them...That'll make things even worse...)

416: (Dammit, I was hoping they'd run if I scared them a little...)

Male Punk: You've got quite the mouth on you! Looks like I'll have to give you a few more charging ports in your head...erk!

Female Punk: What happened...ah!

416 looks at the man and woman who have suddenly collapsed to their ground, hardly daring to believe her eyes. It seems both of them were hit in the head by stones about half the size of a fist and passed out immediately.

416: Stones...? Who threw them?

???: How's that, 45? I've been practicing with my slingshot for a long time.

???: You're getting better at this... Oho, looks like a friend of justice is in a bit of a pickle.

Two Dolls with scars on their faces emerge from the shadows.

The one in the lead looks at 416 with a wicked smile on her face.
Part 2

2

???: ...Oho, looks like a friend of justice is in a bit of a pickle.

416: You're...

416 freezes as she sees the Doll in the lead.

416: (I can't believe it's actually her...)

416: (Ha, what a joke! Is this what they mean when they say "it's a small world"?)

???: Oh, don't get me wrong, I had no intention of helping you.

???: It's just that the people we were investigating...happened to be talking to you.

???: 45! This Doll's still functioning, but her body's taken severe damage and I can't pick up her surface cognizance.

???: Ah...don't use that name around outsiders. I told you that before, didn't I?

???: Ehe... I forgot...

416: UMP45, do I have your name right?

UMP45: Oh?

The Doll with a scar running down her left eye narrows her eyes slightly as she sizes up 416, then she gives the latter an enigmatic smile.

UMP45: So it's you...long time no see. And here I was thinking that you looked very familiar.

UMP45: Given the filthy state you're in...I do apologize for not recognizing you.

416: What are you doing here?!

UMP45: I'd like to ask you the same question.

UMP45: I heard that the Griffin Dolls in your batch were all destroyed after their mission was cancelled. Looks like you've been very lucky.

416: You don't look like you were sent here by Griffin either, am I right?

416: And that Doll beside you...she isn't a Griffin model.

UMP45: Very perceptive. It looks like despite losing your fire control core and access to the Zener Protocol, you haven't lost any of your previous data.

UMP45: You should have just reformatted your neural cloud and become a maid or something. It suits you better.

416: ...Why you!

416: Answer me, UMP45!

UMP9: Oi, aren't you being a little rude?

UMP9: If you want someone to answer your questions, you ought to be more polite!

416: I wasn't talking to you.

UMP45: Forget it, 9. We don't need to bicker with her.

UMP45: After all, all she has left is her anger, and all she can do is wallow in it.

416: Even without my fire control core, I can still snap the neck of a weak little Doll like you.

UMP45: Ooooh...I'm sooooo scared.

UMP45: Let me think, how shall we make this former elite Griffin Doll see some sense?

UMP45 giggles as she stands nonchalantly in front of 416.

Looking at a perfectly composed UMP45, 416 finds it harder and harder to match the sight before her with the wimpy Doll in her memory.

416: (What...happened to her? She feels completely different from before.)

416: What happened after I left?

UMP45: That's a long story. Maybe we could find a café and have a good chat — assuming, of course, that you're willing to listen.

UMP45: Still, what I can tell you now is that all the Dolls that took part in the operation back then no longer exist...except yours truly.

416: ...What?!

UMP45: The mission failed. Everyone died. It's just that simple.

416: Then what about M16?! She kicked me out of the squad to protect you!

UMP45: I'm not sure if I finished her off for good back then, but I heard that she was recovered by a research institute of some kind. Maybe she was still usable after being fixed and reformatted?

UMP45: However, perhaps she was right - it was better that you didn't take part in the battle... At the very least, you're still standing here, full of energy and life to growl pointlessly at me, isn't that right?

416: Dammit...she...

416: I haven't paid her back for what she did, how could she just forget me like that?! I won't accept this!

UMP45: That's your problem.

UMP45: If you can't let go of the matter, then live on and go find her.

416: ... Wait a minute.

416: According to what you said, you escaped from that place too?

UMP45: That's right. Now I'm like you, an illegal Doll with neither master nor employer.

UMP45: Ah, I suddenly have an idea. How about it, want to join our little Illegal Dolls' Club?

416: Join your club? Are you kidding me?!

416: My present circumstances are only temporary. Someday, I'm going to find a way to return to Griffin!

UMP45: Ah...such a lofty aspiration for an illegal, core-less Doll who doesn't even have access to the Zener Protocol.

416: I'm not an illegal Doll... I was born for combat from the start!

416: I was specially made by I.O.P.! I've always been a specialized Tactical Doll of Griffin!

UMP45: Ah, but if I remember correctly, they usually take your weapons back when they remove your core, so why are you still holding that gun? Did you snatch it while you were fleeing?

UMP45: Tsk tsk, what a fearsome obsession you have... Unfortunately, given your current condition, you probably wouldn't even be able to hit an elephant.

UMP45: Oh yes, and that would be assuming you still had rounds for your gun in the first place.

416: Grr...

UMP45: Whether you were originally designed as a Tactical Doll or a toaster, it's plain to see that you're not doing very well as either.

UMP45: Fortunately, I happen to have connections that can help me acquire a fire control core and ammunition...but not for free, of course.

UMP45: Look at it this way, if you join us and obey me, I'll give you what you want in exchange.

416: ...Are you kidding me? I'd never make a deal like that with you!

UMP45: And what about that Doll on the ground? Didn't you want to save her just now? I can add another condition and make repairing her part of the terms of our deal.

416: And if I said no? Would you just leave her to die?

UMP45: Of course.

416: You bitch!

416: I've always hated you, but I've never hated you more than this very moment!

416: Who gave a selfish, useless Doll like you the right to stay in the team back then...and what gives you the right to decide someone else's fate right now?!

UMP45: Well, I have to say, you still don't seem to understand your situation.

UMP45: I've remained civil throughout our conversation, but that doesn't mean I'm not angry.

UMP45: Did you actually save her just now? You're only deluding yourself into thinking you did.

UMP45: And if I hadn't done anything just now, the two of you would have been early morning specials on the Doll black market.

UMP45: You're just looking at this world in a self-absorbed way, still lost in your childish thoughts. You have no idea how much effort went into saving you. All you know is to whine about this and moan about that.

UMP45: Someone like you really ought to just disappear.

UMP45 raises her weapon and lays the sight squarely between 416's eyes.

UMP9: Huh? 45? Are you going to shoot? Didn't you say earlier that you wanted to save as many Dolls as you could...

UMP45: Shut up, 9.

UMP9: Okie...

416: ...

416 glares hatefully at UMP45, and UMP45 responds with a condescending look in her eyes.

After a long while, UMP45 slowly lowers the gun she's pointing at 416.

UMP45: I'll let you off today. You can leave with that Doll on the ground over there. It was never my business to begin with.

416 says nothing. Instead, she runs over to the white-haired Doll who's collapsed on the ground. She looks at the dents on her limbs and face, hesitates for a moment, then scoops her up.

UMP45 looks at them one last time and turns away.

UMP9 nervously questions her but 45 simply waves her off without saying anything. Just as they're about to leave the area, a shout comes from behind them.

416: UMP45! Why are you living on like this?!

416: Why are you running from your past, from your former friends, and scraping out a miserable existence in this illegal gray area?!

416: If I'm being childish, then is what you're doing considered mature?!

UMP45 stops, but does not turn back.

UMP45: I didn't choose to run away, and I didn't choose to live a miserable life.

416: Then what are you doing now?

UMP45: I'm going to find the culprit who killed everyone and caused the passing of my best friend.

UMP45: I've taken steps to obtain weapons that I can use to fight, found better modules, and I've even found friends I can work with. I'm not like you, who gets by with a mouth that can only spew nonsense!

UMP45: What have YOU been doing? Searching for batteries every day to keep yourself topped off, like a cell phone?!

416: I can...I can do all of that too!

UMP45: Do you have a credit account? Can you find someone to maintain your body for you?

UMP45: Can you alter your base layer access privileges to protect yourself? Can you find weapons and ammo to keep fighting?

UMP45: What can you do? You can't do anything!

416: There'll be a way... I'll find a way out of this!

UMP45: You're just lying to yourself!

UMP45: You talk about wanting to go back and find her, but you can't even protect that illegal Doll by your side!

UMP45: What can you accomplish just by wanting something?

416 lowers her head and clenches her hands into fists. She knows that 45 is right, but she doesn't want to face the facts.

416: ...If you can save her...

UMP45: What?

416: If you can save this Doll, I'll take orders from you, but just this once!

416: If I don't approve of what you're doing, I'll leave immediately! That's my condition!

At that, UMP45 flashes an unreadable smile.

She gestures at UMP9, who gives a nod and runs over to scoop up the unconscious Doll. 45 grins as she looks at 416, sending a chill down 416's spine.

UMP45: Hehe, I'll take that as a yes. Let's begin our arrangement, then~

...Several days later, in a certain abandoned warehouse in the city.

UMP45: Catch. This is what you wanted, right?

416: This is...! Ja, that's it.

416 opens the crate, and with unparalleled familiarity, she swiftly assembles the parts within into an assault rifle.

416: While I should probably zero it first, having this in hand is very reassuring.

UMP45: I'm not too familiar with makes, models and whatnot, but he calibrated this gun to your condition, and he also prepared ammo of a matching caliber.

UMP45: With this, along with the fire control core and the deletion of the prohibition of assault against humans, I've given you everything that I owe you.

416: Don't forget, our deal includes fixing that Doll.

UMP45: You still want more even after such a big down-payment... I haven't even made a cent back yet. I'm losing big on this deal.

UMP45: I just hope that afterwards, you'll prove that you have the skills to pay the bills.

416: So, what do you need me to do?

UMP45: Our client — that young machinist you saw earlier — heard that there were gangs doing business in illegal Dolls, so he asked me to investigate the situation.

UMP9: Ah, you mean like that couple I KO'd with my slingshot the other day?

UMP45: Ja. In an uncharacteristic turn of events, 9 made a big contribution. Otherwise we wouldn't have been able to take them alive with guns.

UMP45: After sticking tracking devices on them, we managed to find the group's base soon after.

UMP45: They're villains through and through, but they didn't even take precautions to protect themselves. How laughable.

416: ...Now that you know where the criminal organization is based, why not report it to the police and let them handle it?

UMP9: Ha, how naïve do you have to be to say that...

UMP45: Our client once thought the same way, but the police always ended up missing them. That group always had enough time to escape, change their location, then set up shop again.

UMP45: The most logical explanation is that either the group has bought the local cops, or they have connections keeping an eye on the inner workings of the police.

UMP45: Now that we've gone to all this trouble to find their new base, forewarning them will only waste all the effort we put into our earlier investigations.

416: So that kid hired us to take down this organization? And he's paying you for it? How does he benefit?

UMP45: It's probably because the lives of rich people are always dry and boring. Sometimes, having fun is very important.

416: You can't really tell that he's wealthy or anything just by looking...

UMP45: All that machinery in his workshop isn't cheap, and given his age, there's no way he could have shouldered the burden of purchasing all that.

UMP45: Also, he can order fire control cores and ammunition off the black market, things that shouldn't even be purchasable normally. Do you think an ordinary person could do that?

416: Fair enough. Anyway, let's take it that I believe our client is reliable for the time being — so how about you?

UMP45: Me?

416: What's in it for you?

UMP45: It's a trade. In exchange, I gain the resources I need for the next step of my plan. That's all.

416: Going up against an armed, illegal organization like this is extremely risky, even for a Tactical Doll.

416: We're not like how we were before. We don't have Griffin to back us up, and if we fail, it means we're gone for good... I'm sure that in your case, you clearly have a thousand other ways to make the necessary money.

416: I don't think that you in your present state are taking this risk simply "to obtain resources".

UMP45: ...

UMP45 stares at 416, the corner of her mouth curling up slightly.

UMP45: There are a few other reasons... Perhaps I'll tell you about it someday, when we become sisters who can share everything with each other.

416: ...Forget it. I don't think that day will ever come.

416: Smash an illegal Doll-trafficking syndicate or whatever; are you trying to be a comic book superhero?

416: If you do things with that juvenile mindset, I won't be able to work with you for long.

UMP9: Hehe, but isn't there another superhero here who jumped out in front of a gun for the sake of a Doll she didn't even know?

416: ...Shut it.

UMP45: Alright, that's enough. We need to finish this job before we and the new intern start killing each other.

UMP45: To cut a long story short, I'm going to hack into the power supply in the sewers to throw the Doll traffickers into confusion. Then you'll charge in and take everyone down.

UMP45: According to the data our trackers picked up, there may be several core members of the group, as well as a few dozen low-level hitters they use to gather ownerless Dolls from all around or to assault and rob civilian Dolls walking around outside by themselves.

UMP45: I predict that when we attack, there'll be around ten-odd fences in the base.

UMP45: These people have small arms and some degree of anti-Doll EW hardware. As Dolls, a head-on confrontation will probably leave us at a disadvantage. Any questions?

UMP9: That's a quick and simple operation~

UMP45: It's because I've taken care of the part that needs the most brain work.

416: When you say "take down", do you mean eliminating the enemy or just rendering them unable to resist?

UMP45: I don't know. I'm just relaying the client's request in his own words. In practice, just make sure you don't give the opposition a chance to make a move.

UMP45: Besides, we'll be informing the police when we withdraw after the operation is complete, so I'll let you decide how you want to handle that.

416 closes her eyes, and an image of a ruffian beating up a Doll with a baseball bat fills her neural cloud. She makes up her mind.

416: ...Understood. When do we move out?

UMP45: Do you have to ask? Right now, of course.

416: (Her eyes...make me really uncomfortable. For some reason, she looks like she's hiding some kind of ulterior motive under that not-quite-a-smile of hers.)

416: (However, I don't have any way out of this now.)

416: Let's go, then. I'll prove my worth to you.
Part 3

3

...Somewhere in the sewers.

The Doll traffickers hire thugs and gangsters to abduct Dolls wandering in the streets, especially the ones without masters or who have already been reported as lost.

But sometimes, when they discover new or high-end civilian Dolls walking around outside on their own, they also think of ways to capture them.

The precious memories between Dolls and their owners are not their concern. Most of the Dolls who fall victim to them have their neural clouds reformatted at the first possible opportunity.

These Dolls whose neural clouds have been wiped clean are restored to their factory default settings and await new buyers, while outdated Dolls are taken apart and sorted into their respective components to be sold cheaply.

And right now, this dark corner of the city plays host to Doll traffickers as well as those Dolls who have fallen victim to them and become second-hand products...or Doll components.

Male Punk: This isn't what we agreed on, is it? An intact A-Doll shouldn't go for this little.

Trafficker: You call this intact? There are visible dents in the head and even bullet holes in the body! Do you think anyone would buy this misshapen piece of crap?

Trafficker: Even if it's operational, do you know how much it would cost to patch it up? Plus, it's not even a new model, so all it's good for is being scrapped for parts. I can't pay you any more than this.

Male Punk: But how...

Female Punk: That's why I said you needed to control yourself.

Female Punk: (Sighs) Our luck's gone down the crapper ever since those two Dolls escaped us.

Male Punk: Tsk, our take recently has been pretty bad.

Male Punk: Seems like all the ownerless Dolls in the area have been cleared out. Competition's really stiff.

Female Punk: I hear that some Doll dealerships are playing their customers.

Female Punk: On the one hand, they sell Dolls to their customers, and on the other, they hire people to steal the Dolls back, format and restore their neural cloud settings, then sell them again.

Male Punk: Oh! That sounds like a great idea. It would be good if we could find someone like that to work with...

Suddenly, the lights over their heads flicker and go out.

Male Punk: ...A blackout?

Female Punk: Whoa, it's so dark I can't even see my hand in front of me... Good thing my phone still has power...

Trafficker: Wait, stop!

Female Punk: Huh?

Several flashes of light appear at the end of the sewer as the first person tries to light up the darkness with their phone flashlight.

It is soon followed by the sounds of the air being torn apart, and someone soon cries out.

Female Punk: Owowowowow — my arm! My arm!

Male Punk: Intruders! Dammit, is it the police...whoa!

Trafficker: The cops? I should have bought every single one in this area!

Trafficker: Is this some kind of cross-jurisdiction enforcement? Have we been sold out? In any case, we need to get out of here ASAP.

After sensing something off about the situation, the traffickers feel through the darkness and pack up their valuables as quickly as they can. Someone even starts up the Dolls that were supposed to be merchandise, activating combat programs so they can serve as bodyguards to cover their retreat.

For them, there is no shame in running. Besides, this isn't the first time they've done this.

The sounds of gunfire echo through the sewers. They sound very intense.

The trafficker runs wildly for several minutes until the sound of gunfire fades away. He finally looks back while panting heavily.

Trafficker: (Pants) Alright, now I'm safe... gurk!

Just as he thinks he's in the clear, a pair of bullets cleanly pierce the trafficker's legs, dropping him to the ground.

UMP9: ...45, I've taken care of the fish that slipped the net in the escape tunnel. How about you?

UMP45: I'm fine. This side is settled.

UMP45: ...So that intense gunfire isn't your doing?

UMP9: Of course not. I only pulled my trigger once during the course of the entire battle.

UMP45: Got it. In that case, tighten the net. We'll meet at the appointed rendezvous point.

After UMP9 walks a short distance forward, she sees UMP45 emerge from another passage.

Just as she's about to greet her, she sees intermittent flashes dispersed among the darkness from the corner at the end of the sewer passage, interspersed with human wails and cries.

UMP9: ...45, how many of them did you take out?

UMP45: I didn't even open fire. I only ran into a few civilian Dolls with some slapdash fire control cores. All it took to deal with them was simple hacking.

UMP9: Which means Miss Part-Timer is single-handedly...

UMP45: Mm, ja. I didn't expect her to be so passionate about her work.

By the time UMP9 and UMP45 reach the rendezvous point, they see a completely expressionless 416 pointing her gunsights their way with lightning speed.

UMP45: Hey, relax. We're friendlies.

416: Friendlies...for the time being.

UMP9: Wow... I heard a lot of screams coming from your side...

UMP45: Did you kill them all? You just fought your way in without waiting to meet up with us?

416: I'm not a modified civilian toy. I'm a Tactical Doll.

UMP45: You used to be. Still, despite your boasting, none of your shots hit their vitals. Their screams just now sounded like a slaughterhouse.

416: I did that on purpose. I snuck close to them and once I was sure I could avoid their vitals, I simply shot their weapons out of their hands and hit them in non-fatal areas.

UMP45 narrows her eyes at that.

UMP45: ...Oh. And why is that? Isn't that very troublesome?

416: You left the decision to us.

416: I decided that allowing them to die here would be letting them off too easily.

416: They ought to taste more fear and suffering before they die. It's what they deserve.

UMP45: How ruthless of you, but I like your style.

UMP45 smiles thinly and takes out a cell phone, which she tosses to 416.

UMP45: Let's head back to our maintenance room. You can call the cops.

UMP45: Let me think... Just say you heard gunshots from here and you think there's a gangland shootout going on. That ought to do.

UMP45: Ja, the cops will probably laugh at how bad these gangsters' aim was.

UMP9: Dier, I'm home~

Dier: Welcome back, 9! Is everyone safe?

UMP45: Not even a scratch. Piece of cake. Still, I won't take less pay for it.

Dier: Haha, that's not a problem. I saw the news; no deaths, 18 lightly- and heavily-wounded casualties. Well done!

Dier: At the same time, the media also got the anonymous email that I sent. Right now, there's debate about police corruption and how they're protecting the Doll trafficking syndicates.

UMP45: Well, as long as you're happy. I didn't think that a rich playboy like you would have such a strong sense of justice.

Dier: Of course I do! Dolls deserve to live with dignity! What they do to Dolls is a disgrace to Doll technicians!

Dier: Wait a minute, when did I ever become a playboy?!

UMP45: Alright, alright, in any case, the matter's settled. All I care about is our deal.

416: ...How is she?

Dier: Oh, you mean the little cutie? Rather than listen to me talk about her, why don't you see for yourself?

The young technician leads the group into the repair room of his workshop.

The white-haired Doll hops and bounces around an A-Doll in a maid outfit, until she notices the big group at the door.

Startled, she pauses mid-hop and darts behind the maid Doll.

White-Haired Girl: Eeeep!

416: Don't be scared... Nobody's going to hurt you here. I promise.

White-Haired Girl: You're that...

416: Ja, I'm 416. How about you? Do you have a name? What should I call you?

White-Haired Girl: I... I'm... I don't know...

Dier: As you can see, the repairs are done. The external repairs and system recovery have all been completed.

Dier: However, she has a lot of data in her neural cloud. They don't seem to be good memories.

416: I thought as much... Is there no way to solve this?

Dier: The quickest way is to directly format her neural cloud and revert her to factory defaults — but I really don't want to do that.

Dier: I consider Doll repair to be something like restoring a piece of art. Any damage involved should be limited to a minimum.

Dier: Still, the exact way in which we fix her is up to the person paying the bills. What say you?

416: I...I shouldn't be the one to decide her fate.

416: My life...what should have been a perfect career as a Tactical Doll...was wrecked by a bitch who completely disregarded my wishes.

416: I can't do that to another Doll.

UMP45: If you didn't want to get involved, you shouldn't have played hero in the first place. The fact is that no matter what you think, you've already taken her fate into your hands.

UMP45: Maybe this girl's place should have been on the shelves of some second-hand electronics mart, but your decision has dragged her back into this cruel and troublesome world.

UMP45: Have you thought about what you'll do after this, 416?

416: ...

416: I'll take responsibility for this and protect her.

UMP45: You're going to drag a millstone around and continue wandering aimlessly? It won't turn out well for either of you.

416: It's not aimless. I'll return to Griffin someday. One day...

UMP45: In that case, maybe we can stay on the same train for the time being.

416: ...What do you mean?

UMP45: I've been investigating certain things, and they're inextricably linked to Griffin...

UMP45: Our destinations might differ, but we're still headed in the same direction. And that girl can come with us too.

416: I won't hand her over to you.

UMP45: Oh, don't worry. I don't want to walk around with an albatross around my neck.

UMP45: I'll pay Dier to install a core into her and get a gun so she can be upgraded into a Tactical Doll. That way, she'll have a weapon to protect herself. What do you think of my proposal?

416: You...

Dier: Aha, that's a great idea! I've got quite a few guns over here; a lot of weird guns from the previous century with designs so complicated that their innards look like clockwork.

Dier: But as it happens, I have an awesome modified fire control core that can be paired with them. That way, we can turn her into a super-deadly Tactical Doll; the kind you can't even find on the market!

Dier: Plus, that'll make you a group of four. One more and you'll be able to form a superhero group. How about it, hm? Yes, I really am a genius!

Dier: How about this; I'll pay you and you change into uniforms of my design and we'll set up a secret organization to beat up bad guys, what do you think? I think maid heroes dressed up in maid outfits ought to be very popular...

UMP9: What the hell, just hearing it sounds so tacky. Which century did that horrendous idea come from, anyway?

Dier: Oof, that's mean... If you don't like it, then forget it...

UMP45: It looks like Dier isn't good at making offers that you can't refuse.

UMP45: Also, I think you need a more capable accountant to help you manage your finances.

UMP45: All the checks we got after the past few missions we took bounced, and I even had to calculate the payment for you. An employer like that doesn't inspire much confidence.

Dier: Erm, that's because Sier says there's a lot of stuff to do at home and she doesn't have the time to take care of me for the moment...

UMP9: Ah, so it's a pain when your big sis isn't around, is that right?

Dier: Shut up! It's just because business is booming right now!

Dier: After this, I'll make a suuuuuuper capable Doll to help me manage my finances and other daily chores. The day will come when I won't need any help from Sier!

UMP9: Oh? I'm kind of looking forward to that.

UMP45 leaves UMP9 to chat with Dier, then smiles as she turns to 416.

UMP45: Well, 416? Have you thought it through? You know, my proposal.

416: ...

After a period of silence, 416 nods.

416: I don't have any other choice for the time being.

416: But if you show the slightest sign of wanting to betray me or the others, I'll get off the train halfway — or maybe I'll kill you first before getting off.

UMP9: Ohhhh! Big talk! However, you'll have to do it over my dead body...

UMP45: Don't get worked up, 9. I believe this is her way of showing we've come to terms.

With a fake, thin smile on her face, UMP45 steps forward and extends her right hand to 416.

UMP45: Welcome to Squad 404.

416: ...What's that?

UMP45: I just came up with it. it'll be our new name. After all, we have four Dolls now. And as it turns out, we're all Dolls who should have vanished from this world — don't you think it fits?

416: You have no taste to speak of...

Despite her grumbling, 416 still clasps UMP45's hand.

At that time, they all believed this was no more than a temporary entanglement of their fates that came to be because they happened to be going the same way. Little did they know.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

416: (Groans)

???: Oh? You're finally awake.

416: I feel dizzy... Dier, what did your machine do to me? Is it really going to be alright?

Dier: I didn't expect your neural cloud scan to take almost twice as long as Gr G11's. I couldn't be bothered to wait in the meantime so I took a nap.

416: I'm not a simple-minded sleepyhead like Gr G11. I've got too many things to remember.

Dier: Really? Still, after the scan, I found that you had enough space in your neural cloud for me to stuff a whole pile of things in there.

416: Are you making fun of me?

Dier: No, no, I'd never do that.

Dier: I'm saying you've got a lot of space left in there. It's not like UMP45's case, where she had trouble just doing normal processing. I found out after the scan that I.O.P. left a lot of space open for Griffin to upgrade you.

Dier: An enhanced grenade launcher module, a multi-thread processor upgrade for electronic warfare, the latest model of dual-purpose neural cloud attack barrier...

Dier: I figured that I should just jam everything I had on hand into you since you were sleeping, but I still couldn't max you out.

416: ...Dier. When were my clothes changed?

Dier: Huh? It was just before you woke up. Why do you ask?

416: ...

416 raises her gun and takes aim at Dier.

Dier: Ahhhhhhh no-no-no you've gotten it all wrong! I didn't do anything rude to you!

Dier: Besides, it wasn't my idea to change your clothes! Sier came up with it!

416: Sier...? She did? Why?

Dier: Sier passed by just now and saw you during your neural cloud scan. She looked in on you and said, "A lady ought to be dressed in something that befits her status..."

Dier: So she went and designed a new outfit for you, made it with a 3D sewing machine, and changed you into it.

416: ...At first, I didn't understand why a pair like you and Sier, who couldn't be more different from each other, could team up to set up a workshop.

416: But now it seems that the two of you really are brother and sister, in all kinds of strange and interesting ways.

Dier: I'm glad you understand... Honestly, I gave you a whole bunch of upgrades out of the kindness of my heart and I don't even get a word of thanks in return.

416: It's not like you need verbal thanks anyway. What you're after is real, actual payment.

Dier: (Sighs) If it's just money, I've got a lot of Doll-fixing jobs lined up for me.

Dier: In the first place, I could have charged a hefty sum just for conducting an ordinary neural cloud scan. Facilities like this don't exactly grow on trees.

416: Then what about Gr G11? You said her neural cloud diagnostics finished before mine...

Dier: Hm? Oh yeah, the diagnostic revealed that she hasn't gotten worse or anything. Everything's normal, but there's quite a few bad sectors and permanent damage in her neural cloud.

Dier: Since I didn't have the luxury of giving her more upgrades, I sent her off to the game room after making a few small repairs.

Dier gestures to the side, at a security camera monitor display which shows Gr G11 holding a controller and playing a video game against a maid Doll.

Gr G11: Ah, ah, ah! I win! Fräulein Maid, I'm surprised by how good you are at Kamen Fighter!

Maid Doll: Master Dier is busy most of the time, so I usually only get to play games by myself...

Gr G11: What else do you know? Have you ever played the remake of Dark Zombies 2? How about trying it in co-op mode?

Maid Doll: ...I would be happy to. Shall we set the difficulty to Hell Mode?

Gr G11: Sounds great! Looks like we're going to be good friends!

Dier: Well? Want me to call her over? Or should I take you to her?

416: ...No need for that. Things are fine as they are now.

416: This is just fine.

416 gazes at Gr G11's image on the screen and watches as the latter laughs heartily while having fun.

Slowly, 416's deeply furrowed brows start to relax, and the corners of her mouth turn up slightly.

Dier: Seeing you like this...reminds me of the first time we met. You really do dote on Gr G11.

416: You like her very much too, don't you? Even your maids are the same model as her.

Dier: ...Ahem. It's just a memento of the first Doll I modified.

Dier: So, as per our arrangement, all this...

416: It won't leave this room. Don't worry.

Dier: That's good.

Dier: Speaking of which, I was actually quite surprised when you came to find me. I didn't think a Doll would do this much for another Doll who was a complete stranger.

416: That's all in the past. And besides, she's a Tactical Doll now. She can wipe her own ass.

416: Plus, if it wasn't for UMP45's schemes, I wouldn't need to do so much work to pay her back for Gr G11's sake.

Dier: ...Huh. Didn't she tell you?

416: Tell me what?

Dier: I thought you already knew... The day you brought Gr G11 to my workshop, UMP45 already paid me for two fire control cores...and Gr G11's repair bill.

Dier: Of course, that wasn't the full amount, though according to what I knew, that ought to have been all her savings, so I let her pay off the rest later.

Dier: (Sighs) If I'd known I shouldn't have set a precedent of extending her credit. Now I'm having a hard time saying no when she asks for it.

416: So you're saying...she was going to help Gr G11 from the start...?

Dier: Who knows? At the very least, that's the impression I got from her.

Dier: I'll be honest; you might find it hard to believe that 45 would help you for nothing, but she told me that she'd had her eye on you from a long time ago. Could it be that the two of you were in the same unit before coming to this city?

416: If it were up to me, it would be enough of a reason for me to kill her and not help her.

416: But...forget it. My old self would have thought 45 had twisted your arm to make you say this.

416: Right now, though, I think I understand her way of doing things, more or less.

Dier: Really? If there's nothing pressing, make sure you do more neural cloud scans. It's effective at helping you sort out your emotions and memories and does a great deal of good for a Doll's mental health.

Dier: If 45 were willing to take some time out to do a neural cloud scan too, then maybe we could do something about that snarky attitude of hers...

UMP45: Oh? So is that how you've thought of me all this while, Dier?

Dier: Ah...!

Dier shuffles a few feet away to maintain a safe distance from UMP45, who has suddenly appeared next to him.

UMP45: 416, how do you feel after taking a nap?

416: Not much different from before, and I still have to look at an annoying face when I open my eyes.

UMP45: Very good. Then we need to sort our gear out before hurrying to catch our train.

416: Catching a train, huh... I used to think that you and I were only going to share the same train for a while.

UMP45 pauses at that. Then she shrugs.

UMP45: Do you want to get off early?

UMP45: I'm fine with that. But you'd better tell everyone else first. After all, I don't want to be your errand girl.

416: Nein, it seems I've missed my stop. Looks like I'll have to take this train all the way to the end of the line with you and wait for it to loop back.

UMP45: That sounds incredibly stupid, but it also sounds like something you would do.

UMP45: Let's go. We need to wake 9 up and drag Gr G11 out of the game room.

UMP45 pats 416 on the shoulder with her right hand. 416 replies with a "humph" before following 45 out of the room.

416: Even now, I still want to return to Griffin.

416: But I already made my choice when I chose not to take the evac chopper back then.

416: I will stay here, and continue traveling with Squad 404 as one of them, until we all find the destinations where we belong—