There were three bears in the forest.

They lived under the same roof, enjoying a peaceful, happy life.

Until one day...

...In the Griffin Command Room.

Commander: Frankly speaking, I'm quite surprised.

AS Val: Is it the good kind of surprised, or the bad kind?

Commander: It's gone beyond the realm of "good" or "bad", and now I'm just surprised, period.

Commander: You managed to get the S.F. base's location, the number of patrols and their schedule, the size of its defensive garrison...all in such detail...

Commander: And most importantly, according to your neural cloud records, you didn't fire a single shot during this operation.

AK-74U: Isn't that a good thing? We helped save money on ammo, boss.

9A-91: The important thing is that our route was well-planned and we managed to avoid many dangers. It's all thanks to AS Val.

AS Val: That's because the mission you gave us was to "scout the enemy and return safely"...so that's what I did, Commander.

Commander: This isn't something simple that you could have done just because you wanted to. What was your secret?

AS Val: I guess...it's because I had Misha around.

Commander: Is that so...well, I think you ought to believe in yourself a little more, since you're clearly so skilled.

Commander: We're beginning the operation tomorrow. Frankly speaking, given the time constraints, I wasn't expecting much of a recon team that I put together at the last minute.

Commander: But not only did you not alert S.F., you brought back all this information too...

Commander: Your actions will go a long way toward reducing any upcoming Griffin losses.

AK-74U: So, do we get any concrete reward besides praise?

AK-74U: Like say, a raise? A meal at your expense? Or how about both?

Commander: Haha...well, I can't pay up right now, but I should be able to treat you all to a good meal after this.

Commander: Let's finish this op first. If it goes well, we might be able to put an end to our battles with S.F.

9A-91: Here it comes, it's the Commander's wishful thinking again.

Commander: It isn't wishful thinking. This really is a decisive battle.

Commander: You guys can go get some R&R. We'll need every Doll in Griffin for this operation, and that includes you.

AK-74U: I've already recorded what you said just now, Commander. 

AK-74U: I'm not going to forget the meal you promised no matter what happens to S.F., boss...isn't that right, AS Val?

AK-74U: Did you hear that? Val?

AK-74U: This is all thanks to your hard work, so you get to pick where to eat. Choose somewhere expensive that you haven't been to before!

AS Val: It wasn't so much my hard work as...

AK-74U: Even if you don't want a good meal, you should at least give Misha a share of it.

AS Val: Misha, huh...

AS Val: But I...

...

After that, we fought in a battle that was far tougher than we imagined.

However, I never thought the moment of our triumphant return would be the beginning of the next disaster...

Rotor blades churn the air, and the noise of the turboprop is deafening.

It nearly drowns out a voice mumbling quietly to itself.

AS Val: Did I really help out?

AK-74U: What's the matter, why are you muttering all of a sudden?

AK-74U: You aren't this talkative normally!

9A-91: She's probably worrying about needless things again. After all, AS Val's the only one of us who didn't take part in direct combat, since she was guarding the helipad throughout the mission.

9A-91: If you ask me, not having to take risks is a good thing.

9A-91: When I was surrounded back then, I was so filled with despair I even left a will in my diary... You're lucky you didn't have to go through that sort of thing.

AS Val: ...I was just thinking about what the Commander said earlier, and how pumped up we all were back then.

AS Val: But look at us now... All we can do is retreat pathetically...

AS Val: If I had obtained more intel back then...wouldn't that mean fewer people would have gotten hurt?

AK-74U: Don't be so hard on yourself, AS Val.

AK-74U: We're just Dolls, not characters in some heroic epic. Neither you nor I could have salvaged the situation by ourselves.

AK-74U: And if there really was someone as badass as that...well, they wouldn't need a team now, would they?

AS Val: But...

9A-91: You're right.

9A-91: AK-74U excels at coming up with devilish little schemes, AS Val excels in sniffing out danger, and then there's me, the one who the Commander relies on as a secret weapon.

9A-91: There's nobody in Griffin who can match our perfect trifecta of attack, defense and mobility.

AK-74U: If the Commander really relied on you that much, you wouldn't have gotten surrounded after you were sent to defend a supply line at a distant bunker, right? 

AK-74U: Face it, the three of us are just benchwarmers. We're a backup team. The situation's got to be pretty desperate if they deploy us into battle.

9A-91: Let's not lie to each other here, someone with a barbed tongue like yours would never have gotten on the last chopper if it wasn't because the Commander wanted to save a secret weapon like me.

AK-74U: Ahh, there she goes again, every other word she says is "Commander". 

AK-74U: Do you still have room in your heart for me, 9A-91? If only the Griffin Expendables were a proper team.

At first, AS Val watches AK-74U and 9A-91 anxiously, afraid of cutting into their argument.

But before long, she realizes the real reason why they're bickering.

AS Val: Were they trying to steer the conversation away from a direction that would make me more depressed?

AS Val: ...Spasibo.

AS Val: Thank you for being my most reliable friends besides Misha...

...BOOM!

A tremendous impact rocks the chopper, and the Dolls inside the cabin are thrown all over the walls and even the ceiling.

The screams of the Dolls, the rushing of the wind, and the screeching of the electronic alarm combine into a terrifying symphony.

AK-74U: What, what the hell just happened?

9A-91: We're falling! Hold on to something! Don't let go!

AS Val: ...!!!

If the world was about to be destroyed, what would be the one thing you would want to have on hand in your final moments?

In these last few seconds of chaos, AS Val has no other choice.
Part 2

2

After the three little bears finished their walk, they found that their warm and cozy home was completely unrecognizable.

Cups and plates were scattered all over the table, the chairs were lying on the floor in broken pieces, and the footprints of intruders were everywhere. Papa Bear and Mama Bear scarcely dared believe their eyes.

But what hurt Baby Bear the most was...

While she had been prepared for the possibility that she might never wake up again, it would seem the worst had not come to pass.

When AS Val crawls out of the wreckage, her Misha is still safe and sound in her arms.

AS Val: (Groans) That hurts...

AS Val: Ah, at least Misha's still around... How about the others?

Looking around, AS Val finds that she's in a snowfield.

The wreckage of the helicopter and the Tactical Dolls which have been flung out of the cabin are scattered near the crash site. Some of the Dolls are starting to get up.

AK-74U: Is anyone there? Sound off if you're still alive!

AS Val: I'm here!

AK-74U: Is that you, AS Val?! Thank goodness...

AS Val: Is everyone alright? Are they all in one piece?

9A-91: It seems the helicopter managed a crash landing right at the end, so most of the Dolls are still alive.

9A-91: ...Can't really say they're all in one piece, though.

9A-91 has gathered Dolls with broken limbs and who are just barely hanging on to life near the crashed helicopter, while AK-74U has gone to search the surrounding area for Dolls who were tossed out of the chopper during the crash.

AK-74U: It seems we're the only ones who aren't hurt. Lucky us?

9A-91: We got onto the last evac chopper but got shot down halfway...that hardly counts as lucky, even if we survived.

9A-91: The others are going to laugh at us when we get back to base.

AK-74U: Don't the humans say that "one who survives a great disaster is destined for good fortune" or something?

AK-74U: I did a headcount. AS Val should be the last of them. Everyone on the chopper is here.

AS Val: How were we shot down?

9A-91: Might have been anti-aircraft guns, might have been anti-air missiles.

9A-91: Regardless, we need to contact HQ and have them send help.

9A-91: Fortunately, the helicopter's wreckage is still largely intact. The radio might still be operational.

AK-74U: Let's divide up the tasks, then. 9A-91 will stay in the chopper and fix the comms equipment.

9A-91: ...Why do I have to fix it?

AK-74U: Because you were the one who brought it up. Also, you were hurt during the previous battle, so you won't be able to fight at full strength anyway.

AK-74U: It's your fault for giving us needless hope, so be a good girl and take responsibility for it.

9A-91: Then what about the two of you?

AK-74U: AS Val and I will be keeping an eye out for trouble on the north and south flanks of the crash site. If we were shot down...that means there might be enemies nearby.

AS Val: And if we run into the enemy...what should we do?

AK-74U: While I really hope that doesn't happen...if it does, we'll just have to fight.

AK-74U: After all, we can't backup our neural clouds right now. If our friends on the chopper are destroyed, they'll die for real. 

9A-91: That said, you guys shouldn't push yourselves too hard.

AK-74U: Got it, we'll let you handle anyone who slips past.

AK-74U: We'll split up from here on in.

AS Val: Um... 

AK-74U: AS Val, see you at the base.

AS Val: ...Da, see you when we get back.

AS Val heads for a patch of high ground near the helicopter, holding Misha and her gun.

As she trudges through the snow, she considers the situation that they're facing.

AS Val: (Can we...really hold out until help arrives?)

AS Val: (The radio might not be usable...)

AS Val: (We might not be able to take out the enemy...)

AS Val: (But the two of them had an unspoken agreement not to shatter this fragile hope... They didn't even bring up the possibility that they could fail, and pretended that there was a chance to get through this.)

AS Val: ...

AS Val: 9A-91 and AK-74U...they really know me well.

After reaching the hillock she's been assigned to defend, AS Val takes up her gun, places Misha close to her heart, and mutters to herself.

AS Val: You understand that too, don't you, Misha? On the first day I reported for duty at Griffin, I didn't have any friends beside you. They were the first ones to reach out to me.

AS Val: (Sighs) If I had a say on who could go back safely, I'd like it to be them.

AS Val: ...Why? If I die, then you're the only one who'd have to be sad for me.

AS Val: But if it were them...if they died, then many people would be sad. 

AS Val: Da, that's right, that's it.

AS Val: You really are the best, Misha. I can talk to you about all kinds of things that would be too embarrassing to bring up in front of them... Huh?

A movement from afar draws AS Val's eye, and she subconsciously presses herself flat against the ground.

A large group of Military automatons come into view, far more than a few T-Dolls can handle.

AS Val: ...9A-91, is the radio fixed yet?

9A-91: I just finished checking the battery startup system, I'm still reading the manual.

9A-91: Dammit, why did they have to make its design so complicated?!

AK-74U: What's the matter, AS Val? Why'd you bring that up all of a sudden? Was there movement on your side?

AS Val: There's a large number of Military automatons on the north side...

AS Val: They don't have any heavy units, but there's a lot of them. They're approaching us, and it looks like they want to search the crash site.

AK-74U: Roger. I'll head over right away...

AS Val: There's no need. I'll draw them away and buy you as much time as I can.

AK-74U: You...!

AS Val cuts the transmission and stuffs Misha into her breast pocket.

AS Val: I want to help my friends too. 

AS Val: Let's go, Misha!

AS Val takes a deep breath, then jumped down from the cover of the slope and opens fire at the search party of Military automatons.

The suppressed rounds bring down several Military automatons, but the others soon deduce the origin and returne fire at AS Val.

AS Val: I knew it...

AS Val: Without a human to command them, these automatons prioritize combat over search orders.

AS Val knows she doesn't have enough firepower to wipe out all her enemies, so she ducks behind cover after every few shots.

Every time the Military Dolls lose their target, she darts out again and continues taking pot shots at them...

...And before long, the unit of automatons has been lured away from the helicopter.

AS Val: Good...they're coming over!

AS Val: As long as I can pull them far away enough, all I need to do is head back and meet up with the others...

—Bangbangbang!

AS Val: They're here too? Urgh!

A shot from an unexpected direction hits AS Val. She wobbles, then goes prone to avoid a barrage of gunfire.

AS Val: My knee joint's damaged, I can't stand up and move... I guess there's no escape for me now.

AS Val: In that case, all I can do is thin their ranks as much as possible!

Even as the tide rapidly turns against her, AS Val calmly, carefully takes aim at her enemies on the horizon and opens fire.

AS Val: (Have I helped everyone?)

AS Val: (Even until the end, I won't be leaving this world by myself. After all, I still have Misha.)

AS Val: (Dying like this...it's not a bad dream.)

However, an explosion jars AS Val awake.

AS Val: (Coughs) Is that a rifle grenade? Good thing it wasn't a direct hit...ah.

As AS Val checks herself for damage from the previous attack, her eyes stop on Misha, who's tucked into her breast pocket...

Or rather, they stop on the wad of shredded cotton that had once been Misha.

AS Val: Ahhh... Aaaarrghhhhh...

AS Val's gun falls from her suddenly paralyzed fingers.

She holds the cotton in trembling hands, terrified that even a single scrap will fly away.

AS Val: Misha... I need to fix him quick... Misha...

AS Val's steely calm and fighting spirit have been shattered in an instant.

AS Val: If I don't have Misha...

AS Val: Then doesn't that mean I...

AS Val: I can only...wait here for the end by myself...?

Tears fill her vision, and a deafening gunshot drowns out all other sounds.

In the midst of this crushing despair, AS Val quietly mutters to herself.

AS Val: ...But I...still don't want to die.

AK-74U: Pick up your gun if you want to live!

AS Val: Huh...?

AK-74U: What the hell are you doing, AS Val?! How can you die here?!

AK-74U: Everything's over if you lose your neural cloud! Get up and fight! I'll settle things with you when we get back!

At some point, AK-74U had reached AS Val's side and started yelling at her.

Is this an illusion? Or did her heart conjure up a new imaginary friend now that Misha is gone?

AS Val numbly scoops up the cotton scraps in her hand and stuffs them into her coat pocket.

Then she picks up her abandoned weapon once more.

...

The sound of gunfire continues, until the beating of helicopter rotors draws near.
Part 3

3

The unwelcome guest had been chased away.

However, it was not the intruder who had barged into its house that bothered Baby Brother, but the mess that said intruder had left behind.

Even after several days, Baby Bear was still hung up on the precious things which had been destroyed...

Pew! Pew!

AK-74U: Another respectable score.

9A-91: I've got to hand it to you, AS Val, you're very good at tracking moving targets.

AS Val: If I don't put in practice time, I won't be able to keep my skills sharp... And if that happens, I'll end up holding everyone back. 

AK-74U: Aw, nobody minds that. Want to have lunch together later?

AS Val: You guys go ahead, I'll finish up after a couple more rounds.

...

Pew! Pew!

As mealtime draws closer, the Dolls on the range leave one after another, until only AS Val is left, completely focused on her shooting.

???: Oh, you've made great progress, although there's still room for improvement.

AS Val: It's you...Commander.

Commander: It feels like I haven't had a one-on-one chat with you for a long time, AS Val.

Commander: You've changed a lot recently.

AS Val: ...I want to become more reliable, so I put in a lot of effort.

Commander: While knowing your weaknesses and correcting them is a good thing, I feel that there's no need to force yourself to do something you're not suited for.

Commander: Just as a naturally quiet person shouldn't force themselves to speak up if they don't want to.

AS Val: That...

AS Val: You even managed to pick up on something like that?

Commander: Kalina went through the combat records for all the Dolls and wrote reports on them, you know.

Commander: Reading through all those reports took a long time, but thanks to her thorough work, I can tell if there's a problem, even if I didn't witness it with my own eyes.

Commander: For instance, the incident when you, AK-74U and 9A-91 evacuated on the chopper.

AS Val: I see...

AS Val: Well, it happened on the battlefield, there's basically no privacy on the frontlines. 

Commander: You saved valuable company property and participated actively during combat. That deserves a reward.

Commander: To humans, "going above and beyond the call of duty" is something that's worthy of a medal.

Commander: But for Dolls, I think you'd prefer something more practical?

AS Val: So I'm going to be commended for it? ...I'd rather it had never happened at all.

AS Val: If it wasn't because of...

Commander: Are you still going to give Misha the credit?

AS Val: I...

At this point, AS Val freezes, and while there's a forced smile on her face, the tears keep streaming down her cheeks.

Commander: ...I'm sorry. I misspoke. 

AS Val: Nyet, it's alright. You do have a point.

AS Val: I suppose I said that because...I'm still immature.

AS Val takes out a misshapen lump of tattered fabric from her coat pocket and shows it to me.

AS Val: Misha was by my side even before I came to Griffin.

AS Val: At least, until I made friends...

AS Val: Nobody can replace AK-74U and 9A-91 as my precious friends, but...

Commander: They still aren't enough?

AS Val: Even with real friends...there were still a lot of things I couldn't bring myself to tell them, things which I could only tell Misha.

AS Val: I know that at the time, I was afraid of facing reality and needed an excuse to vent my emotions so I could relax...

AS Val: But after what happened, I wanted to leave that side of me behind and become a Doll who could interact normally with others.

AS Val: But I still want to fix Misha, because this was my first friend...

AS Val: So when I actually did it, I discovered that I was terrible at needlework... I guess I'm a disappointment of a Doll.

Commander: ...

AS Val: Commander, I have a request. Would you be willing to hear me out?

Commander: ...Go ahead.

AS Val: Can you edit my neural cloud and delete everything about Misha?

AS Val: I want to let go of the past...because I can only become a Doll who isn't a burden to others by growing up.

AS Val: I simply need to eliminate the part of me that refuses to do that.

Commander: I'm not an expert in the field of neural cloud engineering...

Commander: But just altering your personal memories will cause a lot of conflicts with the memories of other Dolls.

Commander: If you edit a neural cloud too much and there are too many conflicts with saved memories, it might lead to your neural cloud breaking down.

AS Val: But if we do it like AK-74U...

Commander: That's a different case. You are you.

AS Val: ...Does this mean I'll have to live with this weak neural cloud forever, Commander?

AS Val: At this rate...I don't know what I'm going to do...

AS Val: What should I do?

Commander: There are many things which cannot simply be judged right or wrong. When you have to make a choice, you just need to do what you think is right.

Commander: Besides, the idea of "throwing everything away and starting anew" is just a thinly disguised desire to run away from the choices you made...

Commander: And the fact is, all the choices we've made in the past built on each other to give you your present, so completely abandoning your past is unrealistic.

AS Val: ...

AS Val: ...That's true. After all, we can't always have everything go our way.

AS Val: Though it'll be troublesome and painful... I will try to find an answer on my own.

AS Val: I'm sure Misha would be happy with that too.

AS Val: Spasibo, Commander.

Commander: I originally came here to treat you to a meal, but I ended up touching a sore spot by accident. 

Commander: There's no way I could just walk away all pleased with myself at this point.

AS Val: If you want to treat us to a meal, I'll find a high-class restaurant I've never been to before and bring AK-74U and 9A-91 along.

Commander: That will be taken care of, no need to worry.

Commander: Oh yes, I have a question that might seem a little odd...

Commander: If Misha had a gender, do you think it would be male or female?

AS Val: Huh?
Part 4

    4chevron_right

The Dolls are fully armed and equipped, waiting for the helicopters which shuttle back and forth to take them to their destination.

And these Dolls who are about to head into the fray rub shoulders with the Dolls who've just returned from completing their missions.

AK-74U: It's just one mission after another...

AK-74U: Ever since the Commander came back, we've been buried in missions.

9A-91: Isn't that a good thing? I seem to recall someone complaining about how we were bench-warming substitutes.

9A-91: Now not only are we running logistics, we're also doing recon and sweeping the battlefield. We can't get a second's rest.

AK-74U: But we had a lot of freedom when we were substitutes!

AK-74U: Did whoever it was that grouped me and 9A-91 into a mook squad just to make up numbers actually expect anything out of us?

9A-91: Who are you calling a mook squad...

???: Perhaps you can blame it on me. After all, the Commander did say my new body would need a bit of a break in.

AK-74U: You... Right, this is just too much, you didn't even say a word to us before going for such a radical upgrade.

???: Do you think this body doesn't suit me?

9A-91 and AK-74U stop and give AS Val a once-over.

AK-74U: Well, that's not what I mean...

9A-91: ...I didn't look too closely when you came back this morning.

9A-91: Still, I only realized how much you've changed after actually going on a mission with you, AS Val.

AK-74U: That's right, I couldn't recognize you at first.

AK-74U: If you hadn't come up and said hi to us, we might have mistaken you for someone else and not met up.

AS Val: Da, I wasn't too used to it at first.

AS Val: But now I can feel the power coursing through this new body. It can carry heavier gear and my vision's clearer now.

The new AS Val standing in front of 9A-91 and AK-74U looks more imposing than before.

The gun she's holding has been modified and calibrated, and the glasses on her nose are gone.

There are countless more changes on top of that, but the one which draws the most attention is still...

Misha: But of course, now that AS Val's been refurbished with IOP's latest technology, her specs aren't those of an ordinary civilian Doll anymore!

AS Val: ...

AK-74U: ...

9A-91: ...

Misha: Surprised by the capabilities of this new body?

Misha: IOP is now offering personalized upgrade services. If you're interested, please dial...

AK-74U: ...Uh, I might not have made this clear before, so I'm going to repeat myself.

AK-74U: Could you not butt in when the three of us are talking?

Misha: Eh?! But I'm AS Val's friend! I'd like to join your conversations too!

AK-74U: A friend of my friend isn't necessarily my friend too.

9A-91: You're a rookie who just joined our team, but you're not addressing us politely and you didn't even treat your seniors to lunch.

9A-91: No matter how you think about it, you're being too cocky as a newcomer. It would seem you've antagonized AK-74U in particular.

Misha: This is hazing! I'm going to lodge a complaint with HR!

AK-74U: AS Val, was this guy always so noisy? I never got that feeling from him in the past.

AS Val: Ahaha... His personality was written based on my opinions, but I didn't expect a little brother to be so annoying.

Misha: How rude! How can you call me annoying?! I, Misha, am the latest model of learning AI!

Misha: My database contains the answers to all questions related to Tactical Doll hardware and software operation...

9A-91: Maybe AS Val has always been this chatty deep down.

AK-74U: ...I don't think so, right? I feel like I could get along with AS Val because she didn't say much. 

AS Val: It does make sense.

AS Val: After all, there were some things that I could never come out and talk to the two of you about, which was why I always had Misha by my side.

AS Val: To some extent, Misha represents all the parts of me that I was afraid to show...

AS Val: ...So when you think about it, it felt like a miracle that I was able to befriend you in the past.

AK-74U: Huh...then what about now? Can you still share your secrets with such a talkative companion?

Misha: No problem at all! I can support Dolls in all kinds of ways now, whether through psychological counseling or simply by lending an ear to her troubles.

Misha: And I guarantee my lips will be sealed, so bring it on, Big Sis!

AS Val stares at Misha for a while, then she speaks her mind.

AS Val: I guess there are some things I'll never be able to talk about after all.

Misha: But why?! Please believe in me! Or believe in the Misha that believes in you!

AS Val: That's because...there should be give and take between friends.

AS Val: If I simply dump my grievances onto you, then you're nothing more than a punching bag.

AS Val: I want to be your friend, and I want to be Misha's friend.

AS Val: So...there are some things that I should keep to myself.

9A-91: Then what's the point? From what you're saying, this noisy little fellow will never be able to be the Misha of the past.

9A-91: He's basically an ad-spouting mechanical plush toy...

AS Val: That's fine. I don't want to turn back time. I'm very happy with how things are now.

AS Val: I once thought that I had to discard my old self if I wanted to grow up, but looking back now, there is nothing that I need to throw away.

As she hears this, AK-74U stiffens and stops in her tracks.

AS Val: What's the matter?

AK-74U: Throwing away the past and whatnot... I didn't expect to hear you say something like that, AS Val.

AS Val: Well, you still have to live your life no matter how it goes, right?

AK-74U: That's true. You have to live it, through all the good and the bad.

AK-74U: Things may not always go your way, but that doesn't mean everything will turn out badly either...

AS Val: Exactly. Things aren't always bad. 

Misha: Er...so anyway, what you meant just now is that I'm still your friend, Big Sis?

Misha: I'm really not used to beating around the bush.

The three Dolls once again look at Misha, who is snug in AS Val's bosom.

After a few seconds of silence, AK-74U can no longer contain her laughter.

AK-74U: Da, da, let's welcome our new friend. We have a rule here - new friends buy lunch.

9A-91: New friends also have to tidy up the dorm for a week. I'll leave that to you, Misha.

AS Val: The old Misha valiantly sacrificed himself by taking a bullet for me. I now dub you Misha II, and I hope you will not dishonor his great name.

AS Val: As a friend, you shouldn't have any problems stepping into the breach for the sake of your other friends, right?

Misha: Wait a minute, wait a minute, these don't sound like requests that real friends would make?

Misha: Are you sure this really isn't hazing?

AS Val: I'll get you a bulletproof vest, so don't worry.

AS Val: It's a shame that we won't have any combat during this recon mission, but I won't treat my friends poorly; next time, I'll let you watch the fighting from a VIP seat.

Misha: However capable your new body may be, please avoid unnecessary wear and tear!

9A-91: Speaking of which, do they really have bulletproof vests in his size?

AK-74U: We'll ask Kalina if she has a 3D printer or something. We should be able to make one easily.

AK-74U: If I'm not wrong, there are some bulletproof resins which can be used as raw materials, right?

AS Val: Sounds like a good idea. We'll do that.

Misha: Safety first! Don't do silly things, Big Sis!

...

There were three bears in the forest, and they had recently made a new friend.

Though their lives weren't too peaceful, they had to live them anyway.

And Baby Bear discovered...that although she had lost something, there were also things that she had not lost yet, and new things that she had yet to encounter.