At the Griffin training facility.

Bren: ...Done.

Bren: Now, let's see my data today...

Bren opens the training statistics interface...

Bren: Same results as yesterday.

Bren: I haven't been making any progress at all lately. Why is that...?

Bren: Never mind. I'll get some rest first.

In the Griffin dorms.

IDW: No, no, no! That's way too solemn, nya!

L85A1: But it won't be elegant enough if we make it too cutesy...

Bren: What are you two jabbering about?

IDW: Oh, you're back, Bren!

IDW: Come and see if the style I chose is better, nya!

Bren: Huh?

L85A1: Actually...

L85A1: I'm planning to organize a tea party and invite the Commander as well as everyone else to attend.

Bren: Doing something so meaningless out of the blue... What has got into your head?

L85A1: Our workload hasn't been particularly heavy recently, so I want to make good use of our free time.

IDW: The Commander and the others have all helped us out a lot before, nya!

IDW: I want to thank them properly~

Bren: Have you informed Welrod about this?

L85A1: We only started discussing the details after we got her approval.

Bren: Is that so...? Then where is she?

L85A1: She's gone to invite the Commander.

L85A1: Let's come up with a plan while she's out.

IDW: Yeah, let's make up our mind already!

IDW: If we did the decorations in Welrod's style, everyone would run away screaming, nya!

Bren: Who cares about such things...

IDW: If you have any décor styles you like, do speak up!

IDW: We even managed to borrow the café for this party. Who knows when we'll get to do this again if we don't make the best of it this time, nya~

Bren: I'm not interested. Do whatever you want.

IDW: That won't do!

IDW: You're also part of the team, nya!

IDW: Since it's a team effort, we must also take your opinion into consideration, nya!

L85A1: IDW is right~

L85A1: C'mon, Bren, just speak your mind.

Bren: ...

Bren: ...Enough! You're getting on my nerves!

L85A1: B-Bren...?

Bren: I have zero interest in this business.

Bren: I have no opinion whatsoever, nor do I want to have any.

IDW: Bren...

IDW: It-it's fine if you don't have anything to say about the party, but it'd be great if you can come, nya...

Bren: No, thanks.

Bren: If you want to waste your free time on that, be my guest.

Bren: I'm a Griffin T-Doll, not a princess who can afford to sit languidly at a café sipping tea.

L85A1: Sorry, Bren...

L85A1: We're just trying to help everyone relax...

Bren: ...I'm going back to my room.

Bren: Don't bother me again.

Bren turns around and left.

IDW: Why is Bren so angry...?

IDW: Did I say something wrong?

L85A1: I'm not sure either...

Welrod Mk II: What's the matter?

Welrod Mk II: Why are you standing there all gloomy? This isn't behavior that befits allies of justice.

L85A1: Uh...what?!

L85A1: How come you're back so soon, Welrod?

Welrod Mk II: Well, the Commander accepted the invitation readily enough.

Welrod Mk II: So what's going on with you? Why do you look so dejected?

L85A1: Bren...

L85A1 and IDW told Welrod of what just happened.

Welrod Mk II: Is that so...? I see.

IDW: Ugh...I have absolutely no idea why Bren was so angry.

L85A1: I'm a little worried about her. She's been rather restless lately.

IDW: Huh? Hasn't she always been surly?

L85A1: This is different.

L85A1: Something seems to be on her mind... But we'll only rile her up even further if we ask her about it.

L85A1: Welrod, could we trouble you to find out what made her so mad?

Welrod Mk II: Of course I'll go.

Welrod Mk II: As the team leader, it is my responsibility to monitor every member's condition.

IDW: I want to enjoy a nice cuppa with Bren~

IDW: Make sure you bring Bren around, nya!

L85A1: Thank you, Captain Welrod.

Meanwhile.

Bren coldly watches the three Dolls deep in conversation from around the corner.

Bren: ...How foolish.

Bren: I won't slow my pace to accommodate you... Never.
Part 2

2

At the Griffin training facility.

Bren is conducting a shooting exercise on her own.

Bren: No change today either.

Bren: I have already optimized my reloading speed and shooting accuracy...

Bren: I've got to think. I can't remain stagnant...like the others.

Welrod Mk II: Good evening, Bren.

Bren: ...Captain Welrod, what are you doing here?

Welrod Mk II: Looking for you, of course.

Welrod Mk II: You've been here the whole day, haven't you?

Welrod Mk II: Even a warrior made of steel requires sustenance at dinner time.

Bren: If you're inviting me to have dinner together, no thanks.

Bren: I don't have the appetite.

Welrod Mk II: I was going to move this to a more casual setting... But if you're not in the mood to eat, then I'll just get straight to the point.

Welrod Mk II: L85A1 and IDW are very concerned about you, Bren.

Bren: ...Oh. So?

Bren: You want me to go back and tell them cheerfully, "Don't worry, I'm fine"?

Welrod Mk II: No, I'm sure that isn't what you want to do either.

Welrod Mk II: I would simply like to know why you're angry.

Bren: And is that somehow your business?

Welrod Mk II: Certainly. I'm the team leader, after all.

Welrod Mk II: It is my duty as your captain to understand the difficulties you're facing and shine a light through the darkness that surrounds you.

Bren: ...Is that it?

Welrod Mk II: Fulfilling one's duty is a part of enforcing justice.

Welrod Mk II: I will listen to you and help you find a way to solve your problem.

Welrod Mk II: So if you have any reason to feel dissatisfied or confused, feel free to let me know, Bren.

Bren: Alright, then I want out.

Welrod Mk II: Out? You mean you don't wish to attend the tea party?

Welrod Mk II: Then you could've just told L85A1 and IDW... What's there to be mad about?

Bren: Not the tea party, Welrod.

Bren: I want out from this team.

Welrod Mk II: What?!

Welrod Mk II: ...Why?

Bren: This team isn't for me.

Welrod Mk II: ...May I ask what makes you think so?

Bren: Instead of honing one's skills, you waste time on laborious things like tea parties.

Bren: It's impossible for me to grow any stronger on a team so carefree.

Welrod Mk II: I believe a reasonable amount of rest is also key to becoming an emissary of justice.

Welrod Mk II: Besides, there are more than one way to grow stronger—

Bren: Welrod, save your dull preaching.

Bren: I prefer handling things my own way.

Welrod Mk II: ...

Welrod Mk II: Fine, Bren.

Welrod Mk II: Since you have already made up your mind, then...I wish you good luck in your future endeavors.

Welrod turns and takes her leave.

Bren: She...didn't stop me.

Bren: Ha...so that's what elite Dolls amount to.

A few days later.

IDW: Bren...are you really leaving?

IDW: I'll be lonely without you around, nya...

Bren: I, on the other hand, find it very agreeable.

Bren: After all, my ears will no longer be assaulted by high-pitched squawking.

L85A1: Um, Bren... Are you sure you won't reconsider?

L85A1: We've been partners for so long...

Bren: I am very certain, L85A1.

Bren: Just stay and have your tea party. The Commander may even send you a fresh recruit who's happy to take part in your shenanigans.

L85A1: Bren... What are you going to do now?

Bren: Join an elite squad on the front line, of course.

Bren: I will grow much stronger...strong enough for everyone to know my name.

Bren: Goodbye now.

Bren picks up her luggage and leaves without a backward glance.

L85A1: Welrod...is this really a good idea?

Welrod Mk II: Let her be.

Welrod Mk II: She has temporarily parted ways with us in pursuit of something different...

Welrod Mk II: But I believe our paths will cross again some day.

Welrod Mk II: When that happens, we will all understand what it truly means to be "strong".
Part 3

3

...In a certain abandoned depot.

Bren: Dammit... I'm trapped in such a place...

Bren is leaning against the door in the depot.

She peeks through the cracks on the old, battered door and watches as a troop of Sangvis units draws closer and closer.

Bren: If I had moved quickly enough, I wouldn't have been backed into such a corner...

Bren: I'm already in a different team, so I should've become stronger!

⁠—But is that really true?

In a team made out of elite Dolls, it's challenging enough just to keep up with everyone else.

I thought it would only be temporary, but my current predicament...won't be solved by stroking my own wounded ego.

Bren: Dammit. Goddammit!

Bren: Why can't I get any stronger?! WHY?!!!!

⁠—Actually, I've always known this.

I can never be as strong as an elite Doll.

No matter how hard I work, there is a limit that I simply can't surpass.

Is this where I have to stop?

Bren: Will I always have to gaze upon their backs...?

Bren: As if I'd let that happen!

Bren: But what...what should I do?

Bren gets up on her feet and picks up her machine gun.

Bren: ...I can't just wait to die here like a loser.

Bren: If I ever see you again, I'll hear you out...

Bren: Welrod...

Gunshots from outside the depot.

Bren: What now?!

Welrod Mk II: Bren!

Welrod Mk II: Are you alright?

Bren: Welrod?!

Bren: Why are you here?!

Welrod Mk II: Our team was carrying out a mission nearby and the Commander dispatched us here as reinforcements.

Welrod Mk II: Our iron hammer of justice is about to strike. Let's settle things first and leave the chit-chat for later.

Bren: ...Your involvement is utterly unnecessary.

Bren: Even without you, I could still kill my way out of here...

Welrod Mk II: I know.

Welrod Mk II: But for now, please help me punish these sinful Sangvis Ferri in the name of justice!

Bren: ...Let's get started then, Welrod.

...

...Combat over.

At the Griffin squad's temporary rendezvous point.

L85A1: (Sobs) Thank goodness you're okay, Bren!

L85A1: We were worried sick when we learned that you were trapped in there!

Bren: ...It wasn't that serious.

Bren: Where's the other one?

L85A1: You mean IDW?

L85A1: She's getting herself patched up. She'll regroup with us soon!

Bren: Tsk... That stupid cat got herself all banged up again.

Bren: Go and check on her...

Bren: I need to talk to Welrod.

L85A1: ...Alright.

L85A1: Um...

L85A1: Bren, when this mission is over...would you like to join our tea party?

Bren: ...We'll see.

L85A1: No matter what your answer is... Please tell me when you've decided.

Bren: I will.

L85A1: Then I'll see you later!

L85A1 runs off.

Welrod Mk II: Bren, what is it you want to talk to me about?

Bren: Welrod...how are you so strong?

Welrod Mk II: That's your question?

Bren: I have always wanted to be strong.

Bren: But no matter how hard I try...I can never be as good as you...as the elite Dolls.

Bren: You're always so outstanding, both in and out of combat.

Bren: Tell me, Welrod, what makes you so strong?

Welrod Mk II: Because I'm an elite T-Doll.

Bren: I don't want that kind of answer!

Bren: You have such an eccentric neural cloud. You're morose, by-the-book, and so damn preachy!

Bren: Yet even though you let those complacent idiots do as they please, you still complete your missions splendidly.

Bren: You keep spouting weird things but everyone still loves you...

Welrod Mk II: Bren...

Bren: I have given up so much in my pursuit of strength, but I still can't compare to elite Dolls...

Bren: Dammit, it's so unfair...when I'm up against people like you...

Welrod Mk II: If you're only seeking strength for the sake of being strong, you won't get any further than this, Bren.

Bren: Why?

Welrod Mk II: I'll tell you why I'm strong—

Welrod Mk II: I'm strong because I'm a staunch protector of justice.

Bren: You became strong so that you can protect "justice"?

Welrod Mk II: No.

Bren: Then why?

Welrod Mk II: Justice comes with strength.

Welrod Mk II: It is just precisely because it is strong.

Welrod Mk II: Therefore, as the protector of justice, I have to be strong as well.

Bren: ...What even.

Bren: I'm afraid...I don't follow.

Welrod Mk II: You've always wanted to be strong, but do you even understand what it truly means to be strong, Bren?

Bren: Then, Welrod...

Bren: What is strength to you?

Welrod Mk II: Strength isn't better stats. It isn't stepping on others' faces either.

Welrod Mk II: A seed of aspiration that is buried deep in barren soil, when irrigated by faith and perserverance, shall one day touch the sky with its branches and leaves.

Welrod Mk II: To understand where one is headed and to never swerve from the straightest path leading towards this goal...

Welrod Mk II: The determination to never give up...is otherwise known as "strength".

Bren: ...Welrod, you're saying weird things again.

Welrod Mk II: To be able to embody justice no matter when or where - this is my reason for being strong.

Welrod Mk II: Bren, what is yours?

Bren: I...

Welrod Mk II: Find a reason, Bren.

Welrod Mk II: Only then can you truly become strong.

Bren: Easier said than done, Welrod...

Bren: Things like that don't grow on trees, you know.

Welrod Mk II: I'm sure you can find it.

Welrod Mk II: You will find what it is you want to do, the role that you want to "play".

Bren: But...I've already reached my limit, Welrod. Maybe I can never become any stronger than this.

Welrod Mk II: I don't think so, Bren.

Welrod Mk II: You want to become stronger... You have earned the right to do so.

Welrod Mk II: What you lack...is just an opportunity.

Bren: ...Opportunity?

Welrod Mk II: I have a way. Would you like me to tell you?

Bren: What way?

Welrod Mk II: You see—
Part 4

    4chevron_right

In the Griffin dorms.

IDW: Oh, over here! L85A1!

L85A1: H-Holy!

L85A1: You scared the living hell out of me... IDW, could you please not shout into my ears next time you greet me?

IDW: Sorry! I'm just so excited! Bren will be joining our squad again today, right?!!

IDW: It's been aaages since we last saw her! I miss her so much!!!

L85A1: Ahaha... I do understand how you feel...

L85A1: But stop shouting! If Bren hears you...

Bren: Shut up, stupid cat.

IDW: Huh? It...it's you, Bren?!

IDW: You look so different!

IDW: Wow, your new clothes look awesome!!!

Bren: I told you to pipe down!

L85A1: Welcome back, Bren!

L85A1: Looks like your neural upgrade has gone well.

Bren: Yes, I definitely feel stronger.

Bren: All thanks to Welrod for getting me a place.

L85A1: (Sniffles) I'm so glad you're back!

Bren: W-wait, why are you suddenly crying?

L85A1: I'm sorry, I'm just a little emotional today...

Bren: Didn't you invite me to the tea party?

Bren: Instead of crying, go and brew me some tea already.

L85A1: Dear me... You're strict as always, Bren.

Bren: That's because you slack too much.

Bren: ...Right, where's Welrod?

IDW: She's gone to get permission for hosting the tea party!

Bren: Didn't you already have permission from the Commander?

IDW: But you left, nya.

IDW: So the team leader asked us to put the tea party on hold until you come back!

Bren: ...She's always doing unnecessary things.

L85A1: Now that you're back, let's discuss the details of the tea party, shall we?

Bren: Oh...sure.

Bren: What do we need to discuss?

L85A1: Let me see...

L85A1: All that's left to decide is the décor of the café.

IDW: I say we go for a SUUUUUPER CUTE style with lots of cat plushies, nya!

L85A1: That's way over the top. I suggest a classic English style...

L85A1: What do you think, Bren?

Bren: To remind us all to never forget our mission, let's go for a shooting range theme.

IDW: Huh?!

IDW: No, no, no! That'll scare everyone away, nyan!

L85A1: Bren, somehow you seem to have become more and more like Welrod ever since you came back...

L85A1: Did she infect you with some kind of virus?!

Welrod Mk II: What are you talking about? I'm not even equipped with an electronic warfare module.

L85A1: A-ack!

L85A1: Welrod...could you make your presence known next time you walk in?

L85A1: Scared me half to death...

Welrod Mk II: You're not alert enough.

Welrod Mk II: If you can't even sense the vibrations on the floorboards, you make a very easy target for enemies to ambush.

Bren: ...Pffft.

IDW: Uh, Bren...is giggling?!

IDW: Captain! L85A1!! Look, Bren is laughing!!!

Bren: Stupid cat, stop making such a fuss.

Bren: I just find it...quite funny when you are bickering with each other.

Welrod Mk II: Are you making fun of us, Bren?

Welrod Mk II: We are in a very serious discussion, you know?

IDW: That's right! You should also take this more seriously, Bren!

L85A1: Sigh...here we go again.

L85A1: When will we be able to reach a decision...?

Bren: Alright, cut it out.

Bren: In any case, we must come up with a plan by the end of today. We can't disappoint the Commander and the others.

Bren: Also, there's something else I want to tell you.

...

I still want to grow stronger.

I'm still searching for a reason to be strong, as Welrod has suggested.

But for now, I think I've found one that's good enough—

Bren: Sorry for making you worry about me.

Bren: Bren, officially back on duty as of today.

Bren: Please do not hesitate to send me on the most challenging missions.

Bren: I shall prove my strength through action!