Nighttime, on a jungle battlefield—

A team drops from a helicopter.

Gr MP5: We're here at last!

Gr MP5: While we've been grouped into a temporary squad right now, this mission is still focused on solo combat, so take care, everyone!

Gr MP5: These supply packs are for you, take good care of them.

M1897: Yes, Leader, but...why is there milk in here?

Gr MP5: The Commander sent us to go crawling around in holes because we're all short!

Gr MP5: If only I was a little taller...

M1897: But we were only given this mission because of our height. Plus, establishing strongholds behind enemy lines is good practice.

Gr MP5: But we're still being treated like kids! This wouldn't be happening if we were taller. Hey F1, why are you so quiet today?

F1: Oh, am I? I don't think so?

Gr MP5: Something's definitely not right with you.

Gr MP5: Well, we can talk about it once we get back. Let's complete the mission first.

Although the terrain is somewhat rugged and comms aren't very clear, the trio's physiques are well-suited to maneuvering across the land and they soon carve out a safe zone to be used as a temporary supply point.

Gr MP5: (Sighs) Why is our callsign for this mission "Maiden"? We're all veterans, aren't we?

Gr MP5: Hm? I just swept this place.

M1897: Then why is there still so much dust everywhere? Don't put your things on the floor, people will step on them.

M1897: Ah, F1, you dropped something. Huh? Is that a book?

F1: Ah! That's a new anthology of poems I just bought!

F1: Oh no, it's all dirty now...

M1897: Don't worry, I've got some detergent here. A quick wipe and it'll be fine.

M1897 carefully cleans the dirt off the book, and while she's at it, she also opens up everyone's bags and lays them on the shelves.

F1: Thank you! Good thing you're around. I'd be very sad if this book got damaged.

M1897: No problem, I'm good at this sort of thing.

M1897: But is there anything else bothering you? You seem kind of down today, you're not like your usual self...

Gr MP5: Something that happened recently... Does it have something to do with the Commander's arrangements?

Gr MP5: Now that I think about it, you've been scheduled for the next round of neural upgrades, right?

M1897: Isn't that a good thing? We both got stronger after our upgrades~

Gr MP5: Well, maybe she's conflicted about her upgrade. I remember you didn't want to get upgraded at first back then.

F1: But why do I need an upgrade?! Is it because I'm not good enough? What are they going to upgrade anyway, my neural cloud, my personality or my body?

Gr MP5: Well, about that... Don't you ever want to change yourself in some way?

Gr MP5: Like becoming taller, or something? Miss Kalina said you can talk to the Commander if you have any requests you'd like to make.

Gr MP5: Although my height is still...

F1: That's not the issue. Personally, I don't want to be fighting all day and night. I mean, that's our job as Tactical Dolls, but I...I have a little goal of my own.

Gr MP5: What is it?

F1: (Groans) It's totally pointless pursuit for a Doll...

M1897: Well, I also...

F1: It's not the same! At least there's value in being a cleaner! Even if you retire someday, you can still be a domestic Doll!

F1: But...the things I like are always useless and they even make people feel bad. Even so, I still like myself the way I am, so I! Don't! Want! That! Upgrade!

Gr MP5: Oh, how about looking at it from another angle? Miss Kalina's really good at making upgrades, you know~ I'm sure she'll give you a better body.

F1: As if! Miss Kalina just mixed up a Doll's parts recently! She put the arms on the wrong way around!

Gr MP5: Ah, well, that's just a small problem, right? ...It's not like she messed up the installation of the neural cloud.

M1897: I think she did that before too...

Gr MP5: Wait a minute, aren't we supposed to be comforting her?

F1: Ahhhhh, that's not the point! (Sighs) Forget it. Besides, it's not like I can go against the Commander's orders anyway. Who knows which generation of F1 you'll be talking to the next time we speak?

M1897: OK, your book's dried out, you can have it back.

M1897: Still, isn't recording data on paper very inefficient? A lot of literature nowadays is in digital format. Why do you still read paper books?

F1: It isn't data, it's poems! It's a poem anthology from someone I admire! He's one of the greatest poets in the world, and he cared for everything that ever lived!

F1: For instance, if he saw a blade of grass, he would praise it for its resilience, and if he saw the moon lighting his way back home, he would open his windows to welcome in the moonlight.

F1: And if some passerby gave him a glass of wine, he wouldn't finish it by himself either...

M1897: Oh, and are those grand verses recorded in this very thick book here?

F1: Yes, they are! His thoughts and soul all live within this book!

M1897: A soul? I'm not picking up a chip signal from this, though?

F1: I mean his thoughts! His passion towards poetry!

Gr MP5: Wow, your eyes are practically sparkling.

F1: The first time I came in contact with his work was online, but he insisted on distributing it traditionally, so I had to follow him. Every time he released a book, I'd buy it. This is his latest work!

F1: If only I could meet him in person, I'd get his autograph or something.

Gr MP5: What's his name? I can try to help you search for him.

F1: Hans.

M1897: Isn't Hans like, an incredibly common name?

Gr MP5: Don't worry, I can get a Doll who's good at data processing to help F1 find him.

F1: I tried looking for him, but his home became a battlefield 10 years ago.

Gr MP5: ...Humans are very fragile, and even the weakest Doll can easily overcome an ordinary human, so...

F1: I know, it's just a foolish fantasy of mine.

M1897: Is that why you're feeling so down?

F1: (Sighs) Human feelings can always be recorded, whether they're happy or sad. I wonder if the day will come when our feelings will be passed on to someone else?

Gr MP5: Oh, that's easy! Just open up a data interface!

F1: Ahhhh, that's not what I mean! What I'm trying to say is...hm, how shall I put it?

F1: It's when people have a different perspective and understanding of something, but in the end they can all feel how good it is. So even if you can't accurately understand what he was thinking, you can still sense it from scattered scraps of verse and prose.

Gr MP5: That sounds really deep, F1.

M1897: She's a poet, after all.

F1: I knew it, Dolls can't fully understand each other either.

After a night of rest and resupply, the three-Doll squad prepares to set out once more.

Gr MP5: The terrain here is more open, and there are over a dozen temporary bases here. Since they're probably going to be very lightly-defended and scattered all over the place, I think we should split up and look for them.

M1897: Sure thing.

F1: No problem.

Gr MP5: Alright, then. We'll spread out from this supply point and search in three different directions, so no matter what happens, we'll meet up here in three days to share what we've learned. Make sure you don't stray too far on your own either, okay?

M1897: Wow, I can't believe I'd ever get to see Gr MP5 all serious and business-like. I need to tell XM8 when I get back!

Gr MP5: Quit having fun at my expense!

F1: (Sighs) I hope everything goes well for us, though I don't really want to go back...

Gr MP5: Relax, F1. I think the Commander and Miss Kalina will understand how you feel.

After this short conversation, everyone splits up and heads out on their own...
Part 2

2

This is a cramped cave in the forest, so small that even F1 has to bend down to emerge from it.

F1: Whew~ This region's sorted. Time to wrap up!

F1 takes her poem anthology out of her pack and slowly heads back toward the supply point...

And walking through the deserted forests is the perfect time and place to recall those moving verses—

F1: "And his ghost may be heard as you pass by that billabong..."

F1: "You'll come a-waltzing Matilda, with me."

F1: "Waltzing Matilda, waltzing Matilda, you'll come a-waltzing Matilda with me..."

F1: Now how did the next line go?

???: "And he sang as he watched and waited till his "Billy" boiled,"

???: "You'll come a-waltzing Matilda, with me."

F1: ?

She looks back and sees an old man leaning on a stick. His eyes are dull, and he seems to be blind.

Old Man: My dear, I heard a thud just now. Did you drop something?

F1: Oh, my poem book! I drop stuff so easily in this outfit. Thank you! But this is a battlefield, and it's dangerous for you to be here alone.

Old Man: The whole world is a battlefield as long as the war still rages within the heart of man.

Old Man: I'm old, and I don't want to move anymore.

F1: Are you a poet too? I see you like "Waltzing Matilda", Gramps.

Old Man: Everybody can be a poet, don't you think?

F1: Yeah, but...my friends always think the stuff I write is boring...

Old Man: Hahahaha, my dear, what do you think of this tree over here?

F1: Hm, it seems very ordinary.

Old Man: And maybe it IS an ordinary tree to you.

Old Man: But to certain people who live near here, the branches are like home.

Old Man: It's very hard for people to understand how others feel.

Old Man: Some things are important to certain people, while others find it pointless, and that's perfectly normal too.

Old Man: No matter how much science progresses, our feelings will always stay the same.

F1: But many other people also like the author that I like. I-I want to be recognized too...

Old Man: Who do you think his first reader was?

F1: His editor?

Old Man: No, it was himself... My guess is that he didn't expect what he wrote would move so many people. All he wanted to do was to move himself first. Whether something is boring or not is just the world's opinion, so why bother about that?

F1: Even so... Wouldn't you feel a little upset if...

Old Man: So, is it the poet's work you like, or is it just his fame?

F1: His poetry, of course!

Old Man: Then you should understand.

F1: I see... Thank you, Gramps—

—There is the sound of a stomach rumbling.

Old Man: Hah, I'm getting useless in my old age. Just a few words and I'm hungry.

F1: Hm, I've never talked about poems with someone like this before. Would you like to come back and have a meal with me? I'd like to hear more—

Old Man: Hahaha, then please forgive this rude old man, my dear. I'll have to trouble you for a bite.

After being tidied up by M1897, the supply point can actually fit a table in the center - albeit just barely.

F1: I've opened it up. Please, have this, Gramps.

Old Man: Thank you very much. Ah, life's been so inconvenient ever since a stray bullet grazed my eyes.

F1: Which is why you didn't treat me as a Doll...

Old Man: What?

F1: Oh, it's nothing, I'm just happy that I get to eat with you and recommend my favorite poet to you! I think if you like "Waltzing Matilda", you'll like him too!

Old Man: Oh? How interesting.

F1: (Squeals) He's the greatest poet of this age and...

The endless stream of excitement and gratitude flows on and on, like it's never going to end...

Old Man: Since you obviously hold him in such high regard, I should ask for his name.

F1: Hans.

Old Man: ...

Old Man: ...So it's him.

F1: Yeah, Hans. That's his name.

Old Man: So, which of his pieces do you like the best?

F1: This one—

F1 hands him the anthology. The title etched on the leather cover reads "Reunion in the Forest".

Old Man: Ha, I didn't think there'd be people out there who still liked him after so long. That might not be his best work.

F1: But I think it's his best one!

Old Man: To a true poet, the best poem is always the next one.

F1: He's been missing for many years though. I heard he was often seen on the battlefield, and I even asked my Commander for a transfer so I could meet him... But I never found him even after searching for so long.

Old Man: Well, that's only to be expected. The traces of people in this chaotic world are like fallen leaves, going everywhere the wind takes them.

F1: A human life is just that fragile, I suppose.

Old Man: Well, a human life may be fragile, but it can also endure for quite a while.

F1: Huh? It can?

Old Man: Well, you still remember him. Doesn't that mean his life still endures, in a way?

F1: But...

Old Man: I've got a recent poem of his here. He never published it, but are you interested?

F1: Of course!

The old man takes out a pen and a yellowed notebook from his pocket. His fingers tremble a little, but the strokes of his pen are more solid than anything.

F1: Guns and poems... I can't believe you could put such contradictory things together...

F1: W-wow, this is amazing! Your handwriting is great, Gramps! And you can't even see, it's— Ohhhh I'm sorry, I didn't mean to bring that up...

Old Man: That's fine. Writing's a habit to me, it's practically second nature. This might be his very last poem, so it's an honor for it to find its way to someone who can appreciate it.

Old Man: Well, I don't have much time left. I ought to be going.

The old man slowly bows by way of farewell. He tears the page out of his book and solemnly presents it to F1.

F1 finishes reading it and is about to slip it into her collection of poems, but as she riffles through the pages, the book happens to open up at the afterword—

F1: ...Very often, when I write, I do not rely on my eyes and hands, but on my instincts and feelings. In this world, with publishers nearly extinct, it seems nobody wants to read printed words anymore.

F1: Even so, I insist on publishing my work this way, perhaps these words can find their way to places where digital data cannot reach...

F1: That's my idol for you, even his afterwords are interesting! Wait a minute—

F1: The slight curving in the letters was a habit of his... He never liked using standard fonts, and his signature and afterwords were always printed in cursive, and this paper... This poem...

It's him!

That old man was Hans!

I was just sitting across a table from him!

F1: I haven't...I haven't even properly conveyed my respect for him, how could I let him just leave like that?!

She can't contain herself any longer...

She can't stay seated...

F1: I need to find him!

Find him!

F1: I finally got so close to him after so long, and I...

F1 rips off half a page and leaves a few hastily-scribbled words behind for Gr MP5 and M1897 — "I've cleaned out the bases here, go on back without me. — F1"
Part 3

3

At the temporary supply point—

The table is littered with opened food wrappers.

M1897: Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh—

M1897: How could she NOT clean up after having a meal?! It's too dirty! It's too messy!SHE'S TRYING TO MURDER ME!!

And there's still so much Spam left in the can...

M1897: I know we brought a lot of rations along, but wasting food is just too much!

M1897: Why didn't she at least put the lid back on...

M1897: AAAAAAHHHHHHHH she dropped the fork on the ground, how dirty!

M1897: I need to clean this place up before everyone else gets here!

...

M1897: Huh? Who left this piece of crumpled-up paper here? Why is such a thing even here? Let's just sweep it away...

...

After some fuss and bustle, the place is (largely) back to how it used to be.

Gr MP5: Ah, sorry I'm late, but I got held up along the way. It hasn't been three days yet, right?

M1897: You're just in time. This leaves F1. I wonder if she's also held up by something?

Gr MP5: Let's wait a few more days. Maybe the bases on her side were further away.

One day passes...

...Two days pass...

M1897: It's been five days since we separated... You don't suppose she's in danger, is she?

Gr MP5: She could be...

Gr MP5: I tried contacting her a few times, but she didn't respond. She didn't even leave a note or anything, It's not like F1 to do that.

M1897: ...You don't think something happened to her, do you? But she didn't send any emergency requests for help.

Gr MP5: I'm starting to get a little worried. Should we go find her?

Gr MP5: When I was dividing this sector up among ourselves, she was responsible for the 2 to 6 o'clock directions.

M1897: Let's take stock of the supplies here and bring some of them with us. If she's hurt, we can help her out right away.

Gr MP5: Good idea.

Gr MP5: Argh, this is bad. I still can't pick up her signal... There isn't even a trace.

M1897: Could she have encountered more resistance than expected? Should we report back to HQ?

Gr MP5: I've already contacted the Commander. Right now, finding F1 is the most important thing.

M1897: Alright.

A row of large trees block their path in the depths of the forest. It would be very easy to get lost here.

M1897: For some reason, this wad of paper looks really similar to the one I saw back in the supply point.

Gr MP5: Then F1 should have come this way.

M1897: But why does she carry these papers with her?

Gr MP5: For writing.

M1897: But we're Dolls, aren't we? Why do we have to write things by hand...

Gr MP5: I'm picking up an electronic signal!

M1897: Over there!

Gr MP5: F1? F1!

F1 is lying underneath a big tree. She seems to be paralyzed.

M1897: Scan complete. Looks like she ran out of power...

Gr MP5: She should still be able to talk, right? F1, respond if you can hear me?

F1: Sorry, I...can't...move...

M1897: You're out of power, we'll hook you up to a backup power supply.

M1897: Honestly, how did you end up like this?

Gr MP5: Did you run into some kind of emergency?

F1: ...

Gr MP5: Wake up, F1! We've already signaled to HQ for help, a chopper ought to be coming over soon!

F1: I'm sorry I made you worry...

F1: I still...can't move, so can you help me check if the paper in my pocket is still there?

Gr MP5 and M1897 feel around for it, and they find a shredded piece of paper.

Gr MP5: Ah... It's soaked.

M1897: Honestly, you shouldn't have taken cover under a tree if it was raining. What if you got struck by lightning...?

A mournful expression creeps across F1's face.

F1: Even the one thing that was entrusted to me was destroyed... And I was going to cherish it...

Commander: So, can you tell me why you left the supply point on your own?

F1: ...I'm sorry, but—!

After regaining her strength, F1 slowly explains the situation to the Commander.

F1: I swear I wasn't imagining things, Commander, he really showed up!

Commander: F1, Mr. Hans has been missing for almost 50 years, and he was close to 60 when he made his last public appearance.

Commander: The person you saw was probably a student or a descendant of his.

F1: A...descendant?

F1: But he felt like Mr. Hans to me...

Commander: That is the meaning of a legacy for humans. Even if a person's body perishes, his spirit will be passed down through the generations...

Commander: Perhaps that was still an encounter with Mr. Hans, of a sort?

F1 sinks into thought...

Old Man: Well, a human life may be fragile, but it can also endure for quite a while.

F1: I see, so that's what he meant...

Commander: And aren't mysterious encounters a poet's romance?

F1: You're right, but... But I lost that poem...

F1: If only I had been a little faster, I could have caught up to Mr. Hans.

F1: Well, his student, maybe, or perhaps his descendant.

F1: In any case, we met because of Mr. Hans, and it was just like seeing Mr. Hans...

F1: Miss Kalina, I'll go for the upgrade.

Kalina: Huh? You're okay with it now?

F1: Can I keep my love for poetry, Commander?

Commander: Of course you can. We're just swapping out some parts, it won't affect your neural cloud.

F1: Please do, then.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

Inside F1's dorm...

M1897: Why do you always have so many wads of paper in your room, anyway?

F1: Because I'm trying to imitate Mr. Hans' style of writing!

F1: Speaking of which, I left a note in the supply point earlier, didn't I? Didn't you see it? And you went and told the Commander I was missing in enemy territory too? Things got blown out of proportion because of that...

M1897: ...

M1897: You mean, a piece of paper like this?

M1897 brings up several images from the Internet and shows them to F1.

F1: Yeah, just like that. Strange though, did the wind blow it away?

M1897: No, not really.

F1: ?

M1897: In any case, I'll help clean your room for a day, don't ask me why...

F1: Oh, but I'm planning to go out soon, and I've applied for leave with the Commander too!

M1897: Huh? Is this your first post-upgrade vacation?

F1: Yes, the Commander added waterproof pockets to my clothes, so I won't have to worry about things getting drenched ever again.

M1897: Well, congrats. So you're heading out to look for that Mr. Hans lookalike?

F1: Yeah. It might not be the man himself, but I still want to try my luck.

M1897: I'll make it up to you when you get back, then.

After a while, the three of them are gathered in F1's dorm.

M1897: Here's a chocolate mousse cake! Congrats on the upgrade!

Gr MP5: But F1's upgrade happened quite a while ago.

M1897: Then we'll celebrate for our first time working together? Something like that!

Gr MP5: Alright, we'll go with that. Oh yeah, I heard you gave up on looking for Mr. Hans?

F1: I haven't given up yet, I'm just taking a break from it.

F1: So anyway, I wrote a poem to commemorate our encounter... Come, since we're all here, let's read it together...

Gr MP5: Oh, I have to go drink more milk!

M1897: I think the egg beater hasn't been washed yet...

F1: HEY! Get back here!

F1: (Sighs) I knew it. Only Mr. Hans understands me in this world!

F1: I wonder if that makes me Mr. Hans' soulmate?

F1: Eh, forget it. Besides, if I'm having cake, I should make a wish—

F1: I hope we'll get the chance to meet again, Mr. Hans.

And when we do, I will tell you, sincerely and solemnly—I fell in love with poetry because of you.