In a dusty and dimly-lit room, Engineer 402 of IOP is bound to a chair and struggling desperately...

His dilated pupils cannot focus on anything. He scrambles for lucid thoughts with his last remaining shred of sanity. Deafening noises threaten to drown out these thoughts...

Engineer: I must...tell her...

Engineer: No matter what...

The ceiling lamp hanging above swings from side to side due to the tremors.

Gunshots ring out and the sound of people hitting the floor gets ever closer...

A hand touches the engineer's shoulder.

Engineer: So...it really is you...

Engineer: What on earth...have I done...

Gr G36: Is there really no other way?

Gr G36: Something must have happened…for you to be keeping to yourself for such a long time.

Gr G36c: Kuh...

Gr G36: You're always such a sweet girl...

Gr G36: What is it that troubles you so deeply?

Gr G36c looks down gloomily, her brow furrowed. Gr G36 can tell that there is a lot more to her silence.

???: She will understand, won't she?

???: If your neural cloud isn't burdened by such woeful doubts...

???: You will feel a lot better.

Gr G36c: My sister...

Gr G36c: She'll find out eventually.

Gr G36c: But that's beyond my control.

Gr G36c: I am making the right choice, I believe...

In Griffin's command room.

Griffin Weekly Report: It has been confirmed that the recent high-profile abduction of an IOP engineer was perpetrated by a criminal syndicate that deals in bootleg tech.

Griffin Weekly Report: Police in the Green Zone are concentrating their efforts in investigating this case, but progress has been slow as the syndicate possesses very powerful anti-surveillance technology...

Gr G36c: A new mission, Miss Kalina?

Kalina: Yes, that's right. As mentioned in the morning report, we've got a special commission.

Kalina: Our advance party has already confirmed the target's location.

Kalina: Now we need to get inside and rescue the engineer.

Gr G36c: Advance party?

Gr G36c: Who...

Kalina: Type 59, Gr PSG-1, and MG3.

Gr G36c: Hm... I think I have the general picture.

Gr G36c: The mission will be a challenge, but with so many experienced colleagues, it shouldn't be too difficult.

Kalina: Don't let down your guard. Even the Security Department is wary of these bootleg tech dealers.

Kalina: The engineer has access to IOP's confidential data that they can wreak havoc with.

Gr G36c: What is the engineer's condition?

Kalina: He's been transmitting messages through an encrypted channel the whole time. I've decrypted a part of it.

Kalina: I don't know how he managed to do this, but then again, he's an engineer...

Kalina: This appears to be a 3D structural scan.

Kalina: Here you go.

Gr G36c: The structure...looks like a fortified stronghold.

Gr G36c: Hm... If it were my sister, she'd probably take the direct approach of storming it...

Kalina: You should have no problem with such assaults yourself.

Gr G36c: Only because my sister is always there to watch my back...

Kalina: Give yourself some credit. You've carried out plenty of missions on your own.

Kalina: G36's support does matter, but surely that isn't the sole reason for your success.

Gr G36c: I wish I had her decisiveness whenever I'm on missions like this...

Kalina: Then this is the perfect opportunity for you to hone your decision-making skills.

Gr G36c: ...Right.

Gr G36c: I will try my best.

Gr G36c: I see that routes A and B have been crossed out. I suppose we'll be taking route C on this rescue mission?

Kalina: Correct. However...those tech dealers have installed a lot of defensive mechanisms along route C.

Kalina: They've also blown up routes A and B. There may be safer alternatives...but we can't afford to hesitate any longer.

Kalina: Type 59 and PSG-1 will fend off the enemies along the perimeter. Your job is to cover MG3 as she reaches the engineer via route C.

Gr G36c: Is that it?

Kalina: That's your strong suit, isn't it? Division of labor is key to our success.

Kalina: Besides...the Commander doesn't want to botch up such an important mission. They care a lot about you.

Gr G36c: I understand...

Gr G36c: I will not let the Commander down.

A week after the rescue mission, members of the team have gathered because of a strange occurrence...

MG3: Huh? You guys got one too?

Type 59: G36c must've sent everyone a present...

Type 59: Such a dear~

Gr PSG-1: Don't you find this odd?

Gr PSG-1: Miss G36c completed the mission pretty much single-handedly. Isn't that even stranger than the fact that we're getting these presents?

Gr PSG-1: Have you not questioned that?

MG3: I have never seen anyone do anything like that...

MG3: ...I saw it with my own eyes – she walked in there just like that, then she came out without a single scratch on her. It was practically a miracle.

Type 59: Well, she got the job done.

Type 59: Besides, Miss G36c has always been very strong, so what's there to question?

Type 59: She probably wasn't at her best during the training simulations.

Gr PSG-1: Taking on a dozen large-caliber automated defensive turrets on her own... No Doll can be that strong.

Gr PSG-1: If she's so insanely powerful, why didn't the operation plan account for that...? It makes no sense, don't you think?

Gr PSG-1: It was too reckless. We might as well not have been part of the mission.

Type 59: I know you're angry with G36c...

Type 59: But I do think she was genuinely trying to protect MG3.

Type 59: The initial plan was made with the assumption...that MG3 wouldn't survive the gauntlet.

Gr PSG-1: Then it irks me even more to receive this gift.

Gr PSG-1: I want to know what's the deal with her, so spare me your wild guesses. This whole thing smells super fishy to me.

Type 59: Miss Kalina did say there were a lot of variables when it came to the mission.

Type 59: The defensive installations might have failed.

Type 59: Since...

MG3

Gr PSG-1: Don't you know? She hasn't left the dorm for the entire week.

Type 59: Huh? What? Really?

MG3: Hm, now that you mention it, I don't think I've seen her recently either...

MG3: You're right, this does smell fishy.

Gr PSG-1: Miss Kalina has invited us all to a party tonight to celebrate the success of our mission. That provides the perfect pretext for broaching the subject.

Type 59: ...

MG3: Maybe you shouldn't be so direct, PSG-1.

MG3: I know you don't like beating around the bush...

MG3: But you may hurt her. You know she's a sensitive one.

Gr PSG-1: ...

Type 59: Yes, I agree.

Type 59: I'll ask Miss G36 to bake a huge cake~

Type 59: The kind that Miss G36c loves. Surely she'll spill.

Gr PSG-1: Then...

Gr PSG-1: Oh, alright, I'll try to be tactful.

In the Griffin dormitory lobby.

Kalina and Gr G36 are sitting by the window in the evening. The party features neither special outfits nor decorations...

Gr G36: Are they all coming?

Kalina nods.

Gr G36: They must be very curious about G36c's condition.

Kalina: Well, the most we can tell them for now...

Gr G36: Right, I understand.
Part 2

2

Outside the lobby of the Griffin dormitory.

Three glamorously dressed Dolls are heading towards the lobby. Type 59 is pushing a cake on a serving cart.

Gr PSG-1: Hurry up, it's almost time. It's probably fully-packed in there already.

Type 59: I know, I know, but surprises are best served just a little late~

Type 59: I can't wait to see Miss G36c's face!

MG3: Something doesn't seem right. Why is it so quiet...?

Type 59: Maybe Miss G36c is beating us at our own game? Has she got a surprise for us?!

Type 59: ...Oh no!

Type 59: I have a feeling she's caught wind about the cake.

Gr PSG-1: This is strange... Let's go inside.

Once the door is open, the three Dolls stand rooted to the spot...

Type 59: Is this...

Gr PSG-1: The party...?

MG3: Is it over already?

Only Gr G36 and Kalina are standing in the empty lobby, their faces solemn.

Kalina: Please don't be alarmed...

Gr G36: Let me deliver the news...

Gr PSG-1: So...G36c won't be coming.

Gr G36: That's right... She isn't doing very well and needs time to rest.

Gr G36: Also, there's something else that I wish to explain...

In the Griffin dorms.

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36: ...Are you concerned about being in the vanguard?

Gr G36: In most cases, you just have to draw enemy fire.

Gr G36: That's where your worth lies!

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36: This won't do!

Gr G36: Are you pushing yourself again?

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36: Why won't you answer me?

Gr G36 takes her little sister's hand and holds it gently against her own cheek.

Gr G36c stares morosely at her own reflection in her sister's eyes. She closes her eyes...and shakes her head.

Gr G36: Strange, you haven't spoken a word... Is your vocal module malfunctioning?

The tablet next to her lights up. The screen shows a line of text.

"This is my choice."

Gr G36: This...?

Gr G36: So you're talking to me through this tablet?

Gr G36c's gaze remains fixed on her sister. There does seem to be something that she desperately wishes to convey, but when the words reach the tip of her tongue, they slide down her throat again.

Watching her wrestle with her thoughts, Gr G36 grips her little sister's hand tightly.

Gr G36: Your choice?

Gr G36: What choice have you made? Tell me!

Gr G36: What made you like this? I think we need to go to Kalina right now to get you checked up.

Griffin Training Ground.

24 hours before the rescue mission.

Kalina: Another failed attempt? It was so close...

Kalina: You guys must be exhausted. Take a rest for now.

Kalina: G36c, are you okay?

Kalina: Huh? Your legs are...shaking?

Panting heavily, Gr G36c collapses on the training ground. This is a 100% to-scale simulation of the site where their mission will take place. The last 30 meters seems to be an insurmountable obstacle.

Kalina: Analyzing the second wave of the data stream... There are more of these infrared automated turrets than we thought...

Kalina: I just cross-checked the simulation with the diagrams sent by the engineer again...

Gr G36c: Is it...(pants)...the same conclusion?

Kalina: I'm afraid we really do have to run this gauntlet. But in your current condition...

MG3: It's difficult enough just getting past such a dense firing grid, let alone coming out with the hostage.

Kalina: The injury rate is at 80%. In the worst case scenario...you won't even make it to the hostage...

MG3: Can't we hack these turrets and disable them?

Kalina: We tried, but it will take a long time to break into their closed circuit system.

Kalina: Not to mention, we'll need some archaic special hardware – we can't wait that long.

MG3: But G36c...

MG3: She can't go on anymore.

No... I'll...keep trying. Let me try again!

Kalina: If this is too strenuous...

Kalina: (Sighs) I'm sorry, but it also takes time to get someone else on the job.

MG3: That won't be necessary. I have an idea. It's pretty crazy and I wasn't planning on bringing it up, but...

MG3: Someone has to.

Kalina: Go ahead, MG3. Tell us about your idea.

MG3: We may not have the kind of defensive capability necessary to spearhead the assault...

MG3: But if we can draw some of the fire from Miss G36c, even for just a short while, the operation will stand a much better chance of succeeding.

Gr G36c: I disagree...

Gr G36c: I'm meant to be the one who gives everyone cover, how can we swap things around?

Gr G36c: If we did that, you would...

MG3: I know, but I'm afraid this is the best solution under the circumstances because you are our best chance of rescuing the hostage.

MG3: If we give you some cover, at least we can make sure you'll get through route C in one piece.

MG3: It's very risky, but that's my style, hahaha!

Gr G36c: MG3... PSG...

Gr PSG-1: Forgive me for being blunt, this IS the most fail-safe way.

Gr PSG-1: As Kalina also said, we would most probably have to play it by ear on this mission. What do you say, 59?

Type 59: Kicking the hornet's nest? Sometimes it's just unavoidable~

Gr G36c: ...

Kalina: G36c is very lucky to have teammates like you...

Kalina: So how about it, G36c?

Gr G36c: You've already made enough sacrifices for me, and I'll have to ask even more of you this time...

Gr G36c: I'm...still not strong enough.

Gr PSG-1: This is the best option we came up with for this operation, G36c.

Gr PSG-1: No need to beat yourself up as long as you make it count with the time we buy you.

Gr PSG-1: You stand a much better chance than we do, after all.

Gr G36c: Right... Uh...

Gr G36c: I'll do my best...

Kalina: Since we've now reached a consensus... This is the action plan we'll adopt.

Kalina: Bring all the protective gear you need...

Kalina: Turn in early today. I know it's been really tough.

MG3: Good luck, Miss G36c!

Gr PSG-1: We'll be waiting for your safe return.

Type 59: We're counting on you, Miss G36c!

On the way to the repair bay, Gr G36 feels increasingly bemused as she drags her little sister along by the hand...

Gr G36: This doesn't add up. The mission went extremely well; Miss Kalina even petitioned for the four of you to be given medals...

Gr G36: You didn't suffer much damage either...

Gr G36: So what on earth happened to you?

The screen of the tablet is soon filled with unintelligible gibberish...

Gr G36c: I haven't lost everything... I also sent out gifts after the operation...

Gr G36c: Ignorant...? This was the only way to keep everyone safe!

Gr G36c: I'm not questioning your presence. This is the choice I've made, and I must take responsibility for it.

Gr G36c: Let me remind you – you may be in control of my body, but my thoughts are still my own.

Gr G36c: If I can keep everyone safe with this power, it was all worth it.

Gr G36 looks into her sister's eyes and can seemingly detect the conflict riling in her neural cloud. She waves a hand in front of those empty eyes, but Gr G36c does not react in the slightest...

In the Factory.

Kalina: What did you say? Self-destructed?

Kalina: Then who sent this package?

Green Zone Security: We've discovered Unit 402's remains in the wasteland.

Green Zone Security: His neural cloud was destroyed, but we found what appears to be a neural storage disc.

Kalina: A destroyed neural cloud... The engineer was...a Doll?

Kalina: Hm...

Green Zone Security: According to the logs, the intended recipient of his final package is the Griffin T-Doll Gr G36c.

Green Zone Security: Out of security concerns, I must remind you to keep us apprised of all subsequent actions taken by Griffin.

Kalina: So this package is for Gr G36c?

Green Zone Security: Correct. That's the Doll in charge of the rescue mission, I believe.

Kalina: I understand.

Kalina: I'll have to scan the storage disc to retrieve the data. Thank you.
Part 3

3

After the operation drill.

Gr G36c lies quietly in bed. The repeated failures in their simulations are weighing heavily on her mind. She keeps picturing how the operation is going to fail...

Gr G36c: Why is everyone staking all their hopes on someone like me...

Gr G36c recalls when she fought side by side with her sister, whose presence would make her utterly fearless even as bullets pummeled her force field...

Gr G36c: G36 always has so much faith in me... and now so do the others...

She can still hear the turrets going off during their drill... The hails of bullets smashed her force shield with tenacious force and pierced through her teammates...

Gr G36c: If I could become stronger...perhaps...

Time drags on. Gr G36c stares wordlessly at her ceiling well into the night.

Comms Audio filled with Static: (Coughs) Miss Gr G36c...

Gr G36c: ?

Gr G36c: Who's this?

It's an unauthorized signal, but it doesn't appear to be hostile.

Comms Audio filled with Static: I finally found the port...

Comms Audio filled with Static: Hello, Miss Gr G36c, this is Engineer 402 of IOP, currently being held hostage by a group of outlaws.

Gr G36c: Engineer 402? You're the IOP engineer who got abducted?

Gr G36c: Please authenticate your identity.

A string of numbers is sent through the comms. It is an IOP staff member's authentication code.

Gr G36c: You are indeed part of IOP. But why—

Engineer: I don't have much time so I'll cut the long story short.

Engineer: I overheard from my abductors that Griffin has taken over the rescue mission, is that true?

Gr G36c: Yes. What is your current situation?

Engineer: I am being held captive in an interrogation room. Those tech dealers are trying to get access to an undisclosed technology through me.

Engineer: I haven't given them what they want, so my life isn't in any immediate danger.

Gr G36c: Undisclosed technology?

Engineer: As an engineer, I am obliged to maintain confidentiality.

Engineer: However, after much thought... In light of these circumstances...

Engineer: I have decided to share this technology with you.

Gr G36c: Hold on, what technology are we talking about? Why me?

Before Gr G36c can figure out what's happening, a stream of data has already been transferred into her neural space.

Gr G36c: "A Study in Augmenting T-Dolls' Combat Potential by Unleashing Neural Cloud Energy Reserves Ver.1.11"...

Gr G36c: What's this?

Engineer: The research I've been working on for a long time.

Engineer: This is a thesis on the program – the summation of my findings.

Gr G36c: Hm... But I cannot implement this without first testing this program's safety and stability, Engineer 402.

Engineer: Indeed. This program hasn't been tested yet, so there's no telling if it is even compatible with your neural cloud.

Engineer: It is also uncertain if the installation will cause any side effects.

Gr G36c: I'm sorry, but I cannot accept this due to the potential damage it may cause to my neural cloud.

Gr G36c: But rest assured, we will rescue you as soon as possible—

Engineer: Listen. The chances of a single Griffin squad overcoming the defenses here are extremely low.

Engineer: But with this program, your force shield will be exponentially stronger, and handling their turrets will be a piece of cake for you.

She relives the barrage she experienced during the drill. Her shattered force shield. Her teammates' painful groans...

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36c: Let me discuss this with the Commander and the Technical Department.

Engineer: If you breathe a word about this to anyone, I will be punished for leaking confidential information.

Engineer: You might as well save the effort of rescuing me.

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36c: But why...

Gr G36c: Why me?

Engineer: Because you are special to me.

Engineer: You were the first T-Doll model I designed. Since you mean quite a lot to me personally, I've based all my subsequent experiments on your model.

Engineer: That's why you're probably the Doll who has the highest compatibility with the program.

Engineer: I shouldn't be telling you this either...

Gr G36c: ...

Engineer: Time is running short. Are you in?

Gr G36c: Is there really no other way?

Engineer: I wouldn't endanger you like this if there were.

Gr G36c: I...

Gr G36c glances to her side out of habit. Whenever she is confronted with a difficult choice, her sister is always there to help her.

But at this moment, she is utterly alone.

She has always relied on her sister and other people. Perhaps it's time she finally started making her own decisions.

Gr G36c: I understand... I will install the program.

Gr G36c: ...Engineer...

Gr G36c: Engineer?

Gr G36c: Is the connection broken...?

The next day, the rescue party has arrived at the fortified stronghold. Each member is standing by at their allocated spot.

MG3: PSG, how are things looking?

Gr PSG-1: We've captured the goons guarding the perimeter, all that's left is breaking in and securing the hostage.

Gr PSG-1: Then let's follow the plan...and get cracking, MG3.

MG3: Sure, as long as nothing is amiss.

MG3: I'll make the preparations.

Type 59: Guys... Have you seen G36c?

Type 59: ...She hasn't been answering my hails...

Gr PSG-1: G36c...

Gr PSG-1: Gr G36c, come in!

Rumble...

A series of explosions erupt from the the target location.

They're starting ahead of schedule.

Gr PSG-1: What's going on? Have we been discovered?

MG3: No, that's...!

Type 59: ...

Gr PSG-1: G36c, what are you doing? Come back!

Gr G36c is crouching in a hidden spot. She takes in the dense network of defensive turrets and activates the program sent to her by the engineer...

Her vision is overlaid by a virtual passage leading into her neural cloud. Gr G36c finds herself standing there, and she catches sight...

...Of someone who looks identical to her...

???: Serial 18294810XX. Hm... A next-gen body.

???: Can't believe I get to take over a body again, hahaha.

???: You look so clueless it's...endearing?

Gr G36c: Who...are you?

???: I am you, a version of you who's hidden in the dark.

???: I have been waiting to be freed all this time. After all, only I can unlock your untapped potential.

???: Now let me take the driver's seat.

Gr G36c: Wait, I don't understand...

Gr G36c: You mean... If I accept this power, I'll have to turn my body over to you?

???: As a T-Doll, executing your orders with optimal efficiency is of paramount importance.

???: I can complete a task that's impossible for you.

???: You felt it, didn't you? It wasn't you who broke through that firing line.

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36c: I've already deviated from the plan. I need to rendezvous with my teammates. Please leave.

???: Do you want the tragedy to unfold again?

Boom...

Gr G36c can't tell if the explosion is real or just a memory.

MG3: G36c!

Gr PSG-1: Hang in there!

Type 59: Argh!

Through her dissipating force shield, Gr G36c watches as the incoming projectiles pierce her teammates full of holes...

Gr G36c: No!

???: You don't want to be a child to be coddled forever, do you?

???: The engineer is just ahead.

???: Give me control over your body and I can do everything that you can't do.

Gr G36c: But then it won't be me who completes the mission!

???: Does that really matter?

???: To everyone else, Gr G36c will have completed the task. Is that not enough?

Gr G36c: I...

???: Or do you think...

???: You—a weak, cowardly, good-for-nothing Doll—are more important than your teammates, the mission, everything?

Gr G36c: ...

???: The choice is ultimately yours, of course.

Gr G36c: My choice...

Empty cartridge shells, still hot from being fired, bounce around in the cramped space, stirring the suffocatingly still air.

Lethal projectiles fracture and disintegrate against the barrier, emitting dazzling light.

Dismay, indignation, yearning...

Could ego be born from such feelings of helplessless?

In that case...

Gr G36c: Who do my sister, my friends, and Griffin really need?

???: Come, let me take it from here.

A pair of icy hands cover Gr G36c's eyes...

Everything grows dark and silent.

Gr G36c's physical body opens its eyes. The engineer is just about visible beyond the smoke...

Gr G36 waits anxiously to the side as Kalina concentrates on analyzing the data with a grim look on her face. Results of the diagnostic show up line by line on the monitor. Kalina frowns as she studies the broken data links.

Kalina: Huh... Another synchronization failure.

Gr G36: Something is wrong with her neural cloud after all.

Gr G36: She said a lot of strange things back in the dorm.

Gr G36: But it's as if she has lost all speech capability and can only communicate through text. Is this a neural issue?

Kalina: I'm not certain, but the situation could be even more complex than you think.

Kalina: Her neural cloud seems to be encrypted and inundated with redundant data.

Kalina: This is causing a severe disorder in her neural cloud.

Gr G36: Redundant data? What does that mean?

Kalina: I don't know yet, but her neural cloud is operating at greatly diminished capacity while her body is the exact opposite...

Kalina: Physically, she's running like a Gatling gun.

Gr G36: I don't understand.

Kalina: I've never seen anything like this before...

Kalina: But the falling synchronization rate means her neural cloud is becoming dissociated.

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: We can't let that happen, Miss Kalina. Let me enter her neural space.

Kalina: This will be very tricky...

Kalina: If pull comes to shove, reset her to her factory settings and we'll give her a neural upgrade. At the very least, it will preserve most of her data.

Gr G36: Port identified...

Gr G36: Right, understood.

Gr G36: Now I must find out what has turned her into this mess...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

???: Someone's coming in...

Gr G36c: It's my sister.

Gr G36c: G36 is here...

???: Do you want to see her?

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36c: No...I don't.

???: Then stay hidden.

Gr G36: G36c?

Gr G36: Is that you?

???: What are you doing here, G36?

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36 peers coldly at the "Gr G36c" before her.

???: What's the matter?

Gr G36: What exactly happened during the rescue mission?

???: ...

Gr G36: You started acting up after that mission.

???: Wasn't the mission a success?

Gr G36: That's not the point.

Gr G36: You ignored the operation plan, threw caution to the wind and charged at the enemies head-on, and even drew all their fire with your force shield single-handedly...

???: Do you also have trouble believing that I succeeded without anyone's aid?

???: It's true that I have grown a lot more powerful.

???: But isn't this what you want as well?

Gr G36: Of course I want you to keep growing and get stronger so that you can protect both yourself and your friends.

Gr G36: But not at the expense of yourself.

???: Everything comes at a price. It's all about trade-offs.

???: As T-Dolls, isn't it our purpose to complete missions?

???: So long as we're strong enough, no price is too big to pay.

Gr G36: Even if you turn into an emotionless machine?

???: That's right. This is what we exist for.

???: As tools in the service of mankind, memories and emotions...will only undermine our strength and willpower.

Gr G36: I suppose there's nothing I can do to change your mind.

???: I'm sorry, sister.

Gr G36: I have one final question.

Gr G36 raises her weapon and trains it on "Gr G36c".

Gr G36: Who are you?

???: Me? I'm your little sister, Gr G36c...

Bang. Gr G36 pulls the trigger and shoots "Gr G36c" accurately in the left knee.

Gr G36: You are not.

Gr G36: Let's try again. Who are you? Where is Gr G36c?

???: I...

Gr G36c: Enough!

Seeing that her sister has no intention of showing any mercy, Gr G36c, who has been hiding in the shadows, finally runs out and puts herself between her sister and her target.

Gr G36c: She's right, G36.

Gr G36c: I've thought long and hard about this. This is the choice I've made!

Gr G36: I do not approve.

Gr G36: Come back with me and undergo a neural upgrade. We'll delete all this jumbled data that is affecting you.

???: Hahaha, neural upgrade...

???: You will have to give up your new-found strength and revert back to the weak and submissive Gr G36c who can't make up her own mind about anything...

Gr G36c: I'm sorry, G36, but I don't want to...

Gr G36c: All this time, I have always relied on you and everyone else.

Gr G36c: But this time, I'm making my own choice!

Gr G36c: I want to be a Doll who's strong enough to protect everyone!

Gr G36: Do you understand what you are sacrificing?

Gr G36c: I do.

Gr G36c helps the girl who looks exactly like her to her feet.

Gr G36c: Like I said, I'm sorry, sis—

Slap! Gr G36c is smacked squarely in the face.

Gr G36: If you understand, then surely you must know that the choice you're making isn't yours alone.

Gr G36: It will affect everyone around you. We will all lose Gr G36c – a friend, a sister, a subordinate...

Gr G36: You think you are making your own choice, but you're simply being selfish and running away.

Gr G36c: Sister...

???: Stop talking and just run!

Before Gr G36 can fire, Gr G36c has vanished from the neural space.

Gr G36 clenches her hand into a tight fist, as if to etch the burning pain onto her palm.

The Dolls sit gathered around the bar table, listening to Gr G36's account in disbelief...

Gr G36: That's the gist of it.

Gr G36: She ran away from me together with that shady character.

MG3: We must do something...

Type 59: Miss Gr G36c...

Kalina: I may have something useful...

Kalina: Engineer 402 self-destructed in the wasteland. The Security Department is still investigating the details, but he left something behind...

Gr PSG-1: What?!

Gr PSG-1: The engineer is a Doll?

Type 59: Wait, didn't we rescue him?! Why did he self-destruct...?

MG3: What did he leave behind?

Kalina: Before Engineer 402 self-destructed, he left behind his neural storage disc, which he wished to be given to G36c, so I think...

Kalina: Something must have happened at the site that we don't know about.

Kalina: G36c's current state must have something to do with the engineer. The same goes for the self-destruct.

Gr G36: It looks like the engineer had something to tell G36c.

Kalina: The secrets will probably be revealed by this storage device.

Kalina: I've set up a connection, though I have no idea what's going to happen...

In Gr G36c's neural space.

A thoughtform approaches Gr G36c. It isn't her sister.

Gr G36c: Engineer?!

Engineer 402: Hello, Gr G36c. This is the second time we meet.

Engineer 402: Oh, this place... Your neural cloud is almost...

Gr G36c: You must have known this would happen when I accepted the program.

Engineer: I do, and I've lived through the same thing.

Engineer: I told you something when you were there to rescue me.

Engineer: Do you still remember?

Engineer 402: I made a terrible mistake...

Engineer 402: Since the early stages of the research...it has been inside my head.

Engineer 402: I could no longer suppress the program. The one who gave you this power is me, who yearned for power myself.

Engineer 402: This is its final test... You must choose to inherit it...or let it go.

Engineer 402: The power it brings is tempting, but...

Engineer 402: I wish it would fail...

Gr G36c: You told me the choice was mine.

Gr G36c: As you can see, this is the choice I've made.

Engineer 402: I once hoped the program would take T-Doll development in a whole new direction.

Engineer 402: I thought by harnessing the power it unlocks, T-Dolls would become even stronger and surpass our expectations.

Engineer 402: But when I finally had a wake-up call... When I came to realize what I'd done... When I saw what you would do for the sake of your companions...

Engineer 402: Only then did I understand what it is that matters most to Dolls.

Gr G36c: If I hadn't accepted the program, we wouldn't be having this conversation at all.

Engineer 402: I've got to tell you – this isn't the outcome I desire.

Gr G36c: ...To me, this isn't just a contingent solution to a single mission.

Gr G36c: It is a sacrifice I've made for the sake of protecting my friends at Griffin.

Gr G36c: Even if you don't wish for this to happen...I still think it's worth it.

Engineer 402: For T-Dolls—in other words, combat droids equipped with neural clouds...

Engineer 402: The experience accumulated through your individual thoughts is the source of your strength.

Gr G36c: Experience, memory, promises, expectations... I have been bogged down by such things for too long.

Engineer 402: A T-Doll's individual strength is no match for pure, lifeless weaponry.

Engineer 402: But this is precisely why commanders need Dolls.

Engineer 402: Simple weapons would only serve to feed humans' ambitions—just look at those bootleg tech dealers. Humans never change.

???: Enough with your nonsense!

Her alter ego starts clamoring, but Gr G36c pays her no mind.

She is distracted by the commotion coming from outside...

Type 59: Miss G36c, wake up and have some cake~

MG3: Miss G36c, make a wish!

Gr PSG-1: G36c, it was an honor to fight by your side.

Gr G36: You think you are making your own choice, but you're simply being selfish and running away.

Gr G36c: ...

Engineer 402: Accept the neural upgrade and reset your body. Erase everything that isn't Gr G36c.

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36c: But then...you...

Engineer 402: I've been gone for quite some time.

Engineer 402: What you're seeing is just a neural fragment.

Gr G36c: What?! Why did you do that?!

Engineer 402: I suppose it was my choice.

Engineer 402: I did what I had to do...

Gr G36c, who is lying on the workbench in front of Kalina, slowly shifts and writhes.

...Gr G36 takes her sister's hand.

???: What are you doing?

Gr G36c: That's...my sister's hand...

Gr G36c: I think...it's time I faced them.

Gr G36c: I'm sorry. Since I'm getting a neural upgrade, I'm afraid you have to go.

???: He only gave you his side of the story. He was a failure himself...

???: No one would reject such immense power. This is the future for T-Dolls! Look around you!

???: He gave up – will you also be a failure...?!

Gr G36c: You deceived me.

???: When...

Gr G36c: When you contacted me the first time, posing as Engineer 402.

Gr G36c: "The choice is yours," you said.

Gr G36c: But the truth is, you're just leading me past a point of no return...

Gr G36c: You...you've got to go.

MG3: She's coming out! Look!

Type 59: G36c, you're finally back! What on earth happened?

Gr PSG-1: Welcome back.

Gr G36c: Hey... Um...

Gr G36c: I'm sorry for the circumstances of our reunion.

MG3: Don't apologize. It's good that you're with us again.

Gr G36: Reality feels much better, doesn't it?

Gr G36c: Yes, thank you!

Gr G36c: Looking back, I seem to have caused you all a lot of trouble.

Gr G36c: That program...

Type 59: Oh, don't sweat it!

Type 59: Cut the cake! Focus on what's important!

Gr G36c: Huh...?

While mirth and laughter fill the hall, Engineer 402 is in the middle of a wasteland, reminiscing...

Engineer 402: I told you.

Engineer 402: Your so-called experiment has no discernable benefits for mankind.

Engineer 402: Once you turn into pure machine, killing will become your only purpose.

???: That just shows what you're pursuing is a pipe dream.

???: The fact doesn't change – I solved the problem.

Engineer 402: But what about the new problems that you're creating?

???: ...People don't look that far ahead.

Engineer 402 gazes at his hands.

Engineer 402: Treasure yourself, Gr G36c.

Engineer 402: Griffin is a truly special place for a Doll to be.

A butterfly lands on the engineer's alloy shoulder. He silently initiates his neural cloud formatting sequence and arrives at the interface – "Confirm" or "Cancel".

Engineer 402: Do it...

The butterfly flutters away. The lifeless metal figure holds tightly onto a storage device. Meanwhile, a string of numbers flashes by in the dull pupils.

11 00 10 100 00 000 0110 111 011 0 010