By a run-down building in the contamination zone.

XM8: Gr G36, do you copy?! I can't hold off much longer here! What should I do?!

Gr G36: Enemy fire is too heavy... Let's retreat for now!

Warning! Enemy long-ranged assault units moving into position!

ETA 12 seconds...

Gr PSG-1: Hold on! I can get a clear shot in a sec!

Gr G36: I repeat, Gr PSG-1! Retreat now!

...

XM8: Gr PSG-1 is playing deaf!

XM8: Your words aren't taken seriously on the field, Gr G36!

Gr G36: ...

Meanwhile.

...BANG!

Gr PSG-1: Headshot. Retreating now...

???: Get down!

Gr PSG-1: ...?!

...

XM8: Well...that's the story, Miss Kalina.

XM8: The others are mostly fine, but our squad leader... She's in a pretty bad state.

Kalin: I see... Did the retreat go smoothly?

XM8: Thanks to Gr PSG-1's shot, we didn't have to worry about being pursued by their ground units.

XM8: See you around, Miss Kalina.

...

Three hours later, at the Repair Bay.

Kalin: Things aren't looking good... In this weather, it'll take at least three days for the parts to arrive at the temporary base.

Gr G36: Miss Kalina...?

Kalin: Ah, is your reactivation sequence complete?

Gr G36: Yes. Good morning.

Kalin: Ahaha, morning...

Gr G36: Is something wrong? You seem rather troubled.

Gr G36: If there is anything I can do to help, please...

Kalin: Thing is, Gr G36... You're gonna have to stay here at the base for the next two days.

Gr G36: Is that a tactical request?

Kalin: You can say that.

Kalin: You may be able to move your arms just fine, but your left arm can't take any stress for the time being.

Gr G36: ...Not even holding my weapon?

Kalin: That's right. The joints in your left arm are missing several screws. It's a miracle you can still move it.

Kalin: The weather is terrible right now. You'll have to wait for the parts to get here in a few days before we can repair your arm or give you a new body...

Gr G36: Is that so...? My head also feels lighter.

Kalin: Yeah... Your braid was shot off along with your arm.

Kalin: You had to retreat on short notice so your teammates couldn't recover the damaged parts.

Gr G36: I understand...

Gr G36: I cannot be of much help out there, but at least I will not slow others down now...

Kalin: ...The Commander asked you to take it easy.

Gr G36: Understood... I will obey the order.

Kalin: Then take a good rest. I'll be off.

Kalin: See you, Miss Kalina. Please do not over-exert yourself either.

Kalina closes the door behind her.

Gr G36 stares at her weapon leaning against her bed. She tries to pick it up slowly with her left arm.

The joints screech and groan with difficulty. The gun twitches, but remains where it is.

Gr G36: The maximum weight capacity is at 3kg. Looks like I will be out of action for a while...

Gr G36: Still, at least I can do something other than fighting...
Part 2

2

...

At the café.

Gr PSG-1: Sorry to disturb! Gr G36c told me I would find Gr G36 here...

Springfield: Good afternoon, Gr PSG-1.

Springfield: Unfortunately, Gr G36 isn't here at the moment.

Gr PSG-1: Is that so... I'm sorry.

Springfield: If you don't mind, I could pass on your message.

Gr PSG-1: Oh, I don't want to trouble you...

Springfield: I heard the broadcast just now.

Springfield: You're starting a new assignment in 10 minutes, right?

Springfield: Don't worry. I'll repeat the message to her, word for word.

Gr PSG-1: That's true...

Gr PSG-1: Actually, it isn't anything important. I just want to apologize to Gr G36.

Springfield: Apologize?

Gr PSG-1: I'm sure you've heard about what happened yesterday.

Springfield: It was meant to be a routine surveillance mission but you ran into organized enemy troops. Gr G36 was severely injured while covering the retreat of her teammates...

Springfield: That's what I've been told.

Gr PSG-1: What a roundabout way of putting it.

Gr PSG-1: Basically, I dragged everyone down.

Gr PSG-1: So I want to achieve a great victory to cheer Gr G36 up.

Springfield: Cheer her up?

Springfield: Has she been out of sorts even before her injury?

Gr PSG-1: Yeah. I've had a feeling since a few days ago...that there's something wrong with Gr G36.

Gr PSG-1: Something seems to be bothering her. She would stare at her gun like this and space out whenever she had free time.

Gr PSG-1 demonstrates by clutching her rifle close to her chest.

Springfield: I see.

Gr PSG-1: I don't know what she's brooding over, but I'm sure she'll be happy if I can turn a battle around.

Gr PSG-1: My life is a bit of a mess myself so this is the only way I can think of.

Springfield: It's okay. You're doing your best.

Springfield: Allow yourself to make some mistakes. You don't have to be like Gr G36.

Gr PSG-1: But...

Gr PSG-1 looks down, dejected. Springfield pats her softly on the head.

Springfield: Of course, she doesn't have to be like that either...

At that moment, the broadcast is repeated.

Gr PSG-1: I have to go. As for what I just said... I'll apologize to her in person when I come back!

Gr PSG-1: Thanks for listening to me, Miss Springfield!

Springfield: Sure.

Springfield: Oh, and Gr PSG-1?

Gr PSG-1: Huh?

Springfield: I heard you destroyed the enemy's ground units at the last moment. That's very impressive, no matter what you say.

Gr PSG-1: ...Haha.

Gr PSG-1: You mean...at least I did my rifle here justice, right?

Gr PSG-1: I still can't forget how I screwed up, but thanks for letting me talk it out of my system, Springfield.

With that, Gr PSG-1 ducks out of the room.

Springfield: Right. Time to prepare an afternoon tea.

Springfield: Oh, good afternoon, Commander.

Commander: Afternoon, Springfield.

Commander: Can I get a coffee...no, actually, a tea. Can I get a tea, please?

Springfield: Of course.

Springfield: You must be exhausted.

Commander: I'm alright. This is nothing compared to our busiest time.

Commander: I just saw Gr PSG-1 as she left. Does she come here for afternoon tea often?

Springfield: Not really.

Springfield: She came to talk to me about Gr G36.

Commander: What about Gr G36?

Springfield: Well...

Two minutes ago, in the corridor outside the storage room.

Gr G36: What are you still doing here, XM8?

XM8: Whoa! What are YOU doing here, Gr G36? You scared the crap outta me!

Gr G36: I am here to get the ingredients for making tea.

Gr G36: I just heard the broadcast asking for the logistics team to assemble. Why are you still here? Shouldn't you be making your preparations?

XM8: It's fine as long as I show up before we set off. I'm not gonna be late.

Gr G36: Your orders are absolute. Arriving on time is also part of our mission.

XM8: Ha...

XM8: Then aren't you keeping me from arriving on time lecturing me here?

Gr G36: Stop being unreasonable!

Gr G36: You have such potential yet you never strive to improve...

XM8: Jeez, Gr G36. There's always a limit to what a T-Doll can do, okay?

XM8: Rather than forcing yourself so hard you break yourself, you should understand your own limit.

XM8: There is always someone else who can do what you can't. Just leave things to the Commander.

Gr G36: You...!

Gr G36 raises her arm as if to slap XM8, but stops abruptly.

Gr G36c: Guten Tag, s...sis?

Gr G36c: What's happening?

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: ...Nothing.

Gr G36: Sorry but I have to go.

XM8: Phew...

Gr G36c: What was that all about?

Gr G36c: Are you okay, XM8?

XM8: I'm fine.

XM8: Your sister though... Lately, she's been...

XM8: I suppose...she's almost at her limit?

Gr G36c: Don't provoke her if you know she's not doing well.

XM8: Well...someone has to take the initiative...

XM8: Or do you have a better idea?

Gr G36c: ...
Part 3

3

...

In the corridor outside the café.

XM8: There's always a limit to what a T-Doll can do, okay?

XM8: Rather than forcing yourself so hard you break yourself, you should understand your own limit.

Gr G36: How could I be satisfied with my current condition...?

Gr G36: Even if I have reached the limit of my capability, I can still do so much more.

XM8: There is always someone else who can do what you can't. Just leave things to the Commander.

Gr G36: Preposterous... How could I bother the Commander for something like this?!

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: But...if the Commander can really help me with this...

Gr G36: No, the Commander is busy enough as it is... I must not impose myself.

Commander: Gr G36?

Gr G36: Oh...! Good afternoon, Commander.

Commander: I don't often see you like this.

Gr G36: Like...what?

Commander: Uh... Dazed? Absent-minded?

Commander: It's rare to see you like this so I can't really tell either. Got something on your mind?

Gr G36: ...

XM8: There is always someone else who can do what you can't. Just leave things to the Commander.

Gr G36: (...Is that really a good idea?)

Gr G36: (But this is indeed a problem that I cannot solve even after thinking on it for so long...)

Commander: Earth to Gr G36? Anybody home?

Gr G36: Ah, please don't worry.

Gr G36: There is nothing wrong with me.

Commander: Really?

Commander: Is there really nothing wrong with you if something is taking up so much of your internal processor that you fail to notice your surroundings?

Gr G36: I simply do not wish to...

Commander: I'm your Commander, Gr G36.

Commander: It's my job to help my T-Doll subordinates with their problems.

Commander: So, are you trying to make me fail my duties?

Gr G36: Apologies, Commander...

Commander: Just kidding, haha.

Commander: However, I think sharing your problem proves that you trust me.

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: If you insist...

Gr G36: I AM rather perturbed by a certain matter. If I could borrow some of your time...

Commander: Of course you can. What is it?

Springfield: Whatever it is, isn't it better to talk about it inside?

Gr G36: Oh, Springfield. I have brought the ingredients for tea.

Springfield: Perfect. I'll start the brew right away.

Gr G36: ...Thank you.

In the café.

I listen to Gr G36 talk about what has happened recently over a hot cup of tea.

Gr G36: That is all... I am sure this all seems terribly banal for you, Commander.

Commander: You have reached your skill ceiling but aren't content to stop where you are and want to be of more use...

Commander: This isn't banal at all. I'm actually very happy that you have this attitude, Gr G36.

Gr G36: ...Thank you for your kind words.

Gr G36: Still, wanting to become stronger is my own business. I should not be bother anyone with my complaints...

Commander: You can't grow stronger on your own.

Commander: This isn't just your own business, Gr G36. It requires everyone's support.

Gr G36: Everyone's support?

Commander: If one day, Gr PSG-1 and XM8 suddenly disappeared...

Commander: If one day, Springfield and Gr G36c were gone...

Commander: Would there be any point...even if you'd become incredibly powerful?

Gr G36: ...

Commander: You may have been toiling endlessly for others and given more effort than most of your peers, but the people around you also have positive attributes that you lack.

Commander: They aren't merely there to help you fulfill your objectives. They're also examples for you to learn from.

Gr G36: Learn...from them...?

Commander: Gr G36, you value courtesy the most out of all the T-Dolls here.

Commander: However, it is rather discourteous of you to never share your burden with others...

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: True...

Gr G36: I thought I had been hiding it pretty well, but I suppose...everyone already knows what I have been thinking...

Commander: Everyone wants to help. Why don't you give them a chance to repay you?

Gr G36: But even if I want to improve...it is practically impossible for my neural cloud to pick up a completely new operation method at this point...

Gr G36: I guess as one of the first T-Dolls manufactured, my neural capacity is a bit inadequate.

Commander: I'm sure this is one of the reasons why you've been so anxious.

Commander: But now that you mention it, I'm thinking of a new technology discovered recently.

Gr G36: New technology?

Gr G36: Could you be referring to a Neural Upgrade?

Commander: That's right. You've probably heard what it's all about.

Gr G36: My past self would have definitely turned it down, thinking I did not require it.

Gr G36: But now...

Commander: Now, I also want to know what you think, Gr G36.

Gr G36: I...

Gr G36: Do you want me...to receive this Neural Upgrade, Commander?

Commander:

Commander:
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: I can't say I don't... All commanders want their T-Doll subordinates to excel.
If choice 1 was picked

Gr G36: I understand. If that is what you wish...
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: I want you to do it of your own free will, not simply because I hope you'd give it a try.
If choice 2 was picked

Gr G36: Well now...

Gr G36: Other than expressing my gratitude, I do not know how else to respond.

Commander: You don't have to think about that. What matters is the choice you make now.

Commander: So, will you try it?

Gr G36 looks at me with a strange, overwhelmed half-smile.

It's a strange expression, but I suppose that's exactly how she's feeling right now.

Gr G36: Right now, I will definitely...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

At the base.

Gr G36: Commander, Gr G36 reporting in.

Commander: Welcome back, Gr G3...6?

Gr G36: Too big a change?

Commander: It's alright, but your hair... They didn't reattach it?

Gr G36: I am fine with this hairstyle.

Gr G36: I would like to keep it as a commemoration of what happened as well as a reminder to myself.

Gr G36: Does it not suit me?

Commander: No, it looks great.

Commander: I feel bad for giving you a new assignment right after you returned, but I don't think there's anyone more suited for this task.

Gr G36: Understood. Please give me my orders.

Commander: I just sent you the details regarding this mission.

Commander: And take it eas...

Gr G36: Yes, Commander.

Commander: ...Actually, no. You're the only one who can pull this off, Gr G36, so please come back with perfect results.

Gr G36's eyes widen in surprise for a second.

But she quickly reverts to her usual stoic self and gives me a solemn salute.

Gr G36: I am grateful for your expectations. I will not disappoint you.

The next morning, at the café.

XM8: Ahhh. Finally made it back. I'm knackered.

XM8: Running logistics with a bunch of rookies is so incredibly boring...

XM8: Hmm? What's this smell? Smells funny but also kinda nice.

Gr G36c: Welcome back, XM8.

Gr G36c: These are flowers brought back by my sister. This is also my first time smelling real flowers.

XM8: ...Huh, they're Gr G36's...? Not interested.

XM8 turns to leave and runs smack into the T-Doll who just entered.

XM8: Whoa! Wha...

XM8: ...

Gr G36: ...Oh.

Gr G36: XM8, about what happened last time...

XM8: What about it?

XM8: Don't expect an apology from me. It wasn't my fault to begin with.

Gr G36: Thank you for your word of advice.

Gr G36: We are still going to be on the same team, so I will be counting on you and the others.

XM8: ...Was it the Neural Upgrade? What else could've made a stubborn T-Doll like you say that?

XM8: Well...I'll cooperate, so don't worry.

Gr G36c: I'm glad things have worked out smoothly.

Gr G36c: Where did you get these flowers, sis?

Gr G36: They were a gift from the child we saved in the last mission.

Gr G36: They smell nice, don't they?

Gr G36c: Ja, I've never smelled anything like this.

Gr G36c: So this is life, huh? How lovely. So supple, so beautiful and exuberant.

Gr G36c: It must be nice to be given flowers.

Gr G36: These are gardenias, very uncommon even in cities in Green Zones.

Gr G36: The child gave me a large bouquet. Take one if you like.

Gr G36c: It's fine leaving them here so everyone can enjoy them.

Gr G36c: By the way, you came back later than you usually do. Did something happen?

Gr G36: Oh, I went looking for Gr PSG-1 after I returned to the base.

Gr G36: Her room was in such a mess. I must get her to tidy up properly one of these days...

Gr G36c: Haha...I've heard about that.

Gr G36c: I pity her for being caught by you.

Gr G36: But she was not in her dorm. I found her in the training ground.

Gr G36: I heard she had been frequenting it a lot these days. I came after having a chat with her.

Gr G36c: I can kinda guess what you said to her...

Gr G36: I did not tell her off. I merely talked about our previous mission.

Gr G36: She took what happened too much to heart, just as I did.

Springfield: So...what do you think about it now?

Gr G36: Should I say...I have changed my mind a little...?

Springfield: You sound uncertain. That's not like you.

Gr G36: I am not sure if this is caused by the Neural Upgrade.

Gr G36: I have considered making more possible changes, but I will require help from my peers.

Gr G36c: It does sound like you've changed a lot.

Gr G36c: Still, I love you all the same, both the way you were and the way you are.

Gr G36: Now that I think about it, even you had told me many times to take it easy.

Gr G36: But I simply would not listen.

Gr G36c: It's alright, sister.

Gr G36c: It's turned out for the best, right?

Gr G36c's voice wavers with emotion as she smiles at her sister.

Gr G36 strokes Gr G36c softly on the hair, then on the shoulders.

Gr G36: I would like to change the habit of taking all responsibilities onto myself and share them with my colleagues instead, the way I do with the Commander.

Gr G36: ...That should free up my hands so I can do even more.

Springfield: To reflect on yourself and make changes...I'm very impressed, Gr G36.

Springfield: So may I ask where do you plan to start?

Gr G36: Say...

Gr G36: Springfield.

Springfield: Hmm? How may I help?

Gr G36: Would you mind preparing lunch with me today?

Springfield: Pfffft. That's just like you.

Springfield: Of course. I'd be honored.

Gr G36c: Um, sis... I'd also like to help...

Gr G36: Of course you can. Come.

XM8: By deciding the dish...

Gr G36: Please.

So passes the afternoon in a café filled with the aroma of coffee and gardenias.

The curtains of this new story fall in a rare moment of peace amid the cheerful chatter of T-Dolls.