...

Commander: I know this is asking a bit too much, but it has to be done...

Griffin T-Doll: Uhh...but you're really putting us in a tough spot...

Commander: Please don't be like that. Think about how the Tactical Fairies have always been serving you so tirelessly!

Griffin T-Doll: We don't have to stay that close to them in combat. I suppose it can be done if we can perform maintenance remotely...

...

Gr G3: Is something...the matter?

Type 80: Oh, it's you, Gr G3.

Type 80: The Commander is trying to get someone to perform maintenance on the Fairy system.

Gr G3: Huh...? If it's just a simple system maintenance, why is everybody gathered here?

Type 80: So you've never done this before? Nobody wants to do it because it's such a chore. You can't be distracted even for a second when you're with the Fairies.

Type 80: Hmm, wouldn't Gr G3's disposition make her the perfect candidate for this mission?

Gr G3: My disposition?

Type 80: You're so docile I'm sure it'll be fine even if the Fairies make mischief.

Gr G3: That doesn't sound right...

Type 80: Commander, I think Gr G3 is perfect for this job!

Type 80: With her patience, no Fairy can ruffle her feathers.

Commander: No...why are you all so terrified of the Fairies...?

Commander: And are you willing to accept this assignment, Gr G3?

Gr G3: Huh...? Hold on...

Commander: It'd be great if someone takes up the job willingly. I really don't want to issue it as a command...

Type 80: Just take it, Gr G3. Maybe the Fairies will settle down when they're with you.

Gr G3: But I don't know...

Commander: Give it a try. Who knows? Type 80 could be right and you could be perfect for the job.

Gr G3: I...

Gr G3: Alright...I'll get it done...

Gr G3: Though I'm not sure...

Type 80: Gr G3 agreed!

...The gathered Griffin T-Dolls all whoop and cheer.

Commander: Phew, that's great. We'll be counting on you, Gr G3.

Commander: I almost thought I'd have to find them in the Fairy Chamber myself...

Gr G3: ...

Gr G3: Sigh...how did this happen...?

Type 80: With that, my morning is freed up. Want some bubble gum, Gr G3?

...

Warrior Fairy: How long do I have to stay connected to these cables...? Is the maintenance not over yet?

Gr G3: Please hold on for just a little. The system check will take a few more minutes.

Taunt Fairy: This Fairy is rather stupid so it'll take a bit longer.

Warrior Fairy: What kind of bullcrap is that? Don't you go running off! Come back this instant!

Gr G3: W-wait, the maintenance isn't over yet...!

Gr G3: And please don't zoom around indoors!

...The Fairies knock over the rack on the side, spilling parts everywhere.

Gr G3: Oh dear...

Warrior Fairy: Look what you've done. You knocked over the rack.

Taunt Fairy: Look what YOU have done. You snapped the cables connecting you to the maintenance system.

Warrior Fairy: Whoa...you're right.

Warrior Fairy: But it's fun flying around with them and having them flap about.

...

Gr G3: ...

Gr G3: So this is why nobody wants to perform maintenance on the Fairies...

Gr G3: But back then...there was no way I could've refused...
Part 2

2

...

Gr G3: Finally...it's over.

Taunt Fairy: I don't feel any different. Are you sure the maintenance is complete?

Gr G3: Ja...it's really complete.

Gr G3: Now all we need to do is tidy up this place...

Warrior Fairy: It's all Taunt's fault! She knocked that rack over!

Taunt Fairy: Me? You knocked over a lot of stuff yourself.

Warrior Fairy: I'm really sorry about that. I want to help, but I don't have hands!

Gr G3: Please don't argue... I can clean up by myself.

Warrior Fairy: Why are you here on your own, Miss Gr G3?

Taunt Fairy: Yeah, did you get bullied?

Gr G3: Don't say that. It's nothing of that sort.

Warrior Fairy: Before, the others always came as a group to perform maintenance, and they'd always leave the moment it's done.

Taunt Fairy: And here you are, entirely on your own, and staying behind to tidy up...

Taunt Fairy: Looks very much like bullying to me.

Gr G3: I only had to tidy up because of your mischief...

Gr G3: I did not get bullied. Stop saying that.

Taunt Fairy: I see! Listen to that feeble rebuke!

Warrior Fairy: So that's how it is. We seem to have a goody-two-shoes who doesn't know how to say no.

Gr G3: Fairy maintenance is only such a headache because of you.

Gr G3: If you could just be nice and cooperate, it wouldn't be something that everyone dreads doing.

Taunt Fairy: Everyone is shoving things they dread doing to Miss Gr G3. You sure have it rough.

Warrior Fairy: I know, right?

Gr G3: You guys...

Gr G3: (Sighs) Nevermind...

Warrior Fairy: But don't worry, we can help!

Gr G3: ...Help?

Taunt Fairy: Don't tell me, Warrior...you're planning to tell her about THAT...?

Warrior Fairy: Can't be helped! Doesn't your conscience bother you at all after smashing so many things just now?

Taunt Fairy: Hmm...

Gr G3: By "help"...do you mean you'll stop being naughty?

Warrior Fairy: Nope, we're taking you to the Fairy Queen!

Gr G3: ...Fairy Queen?

Taunt Fairy: The Fairy Queen can help you, Miss Gr G3.

Taunt Fairy: Few people know of her existence, but not everyone can see her.

Gr G3: Is she...also one of our Fairies?

Gr G3: No, wait. Why are you taking me to her?

Warrior Fairy: Because she has magical powers.

Warrior Fairy: Those who see her can have any wish granted.

Gr G3: This...doesn't sound realistic at all.

Taunt Fairy: Come with us to see the Fairy Queen!

Taunt Fairy: Being a victim of bullying, you must have lots of wishes!

Gr G3: I did NOT get bullied!

Warrior Fairy: Bah! We can all tell!

Gr G3: ...

Gr G3: Sigh...

Gr G3: Has this Fairy Queen...helped others before?

Warrior Fairy: Sure she has.

Warrior Fairy: Armor wished to have the text on her shield changed to something other than Russian. Rocket wanted a haircut.

Taunt Fairy: The Fairy Queen helped us all.

Gr G3: Hmm...

Gr G3: Then has any T-Doll like me ever sought this Fairy Queen?

Taunt Fairy: I'm not too sure about T-Dolls...

Taunt Fairy: But the Commander has.

Gr G3: The Commander?

Warrior Fairy: Everyone said it was the Commander's greatest wish to find the Fairy Queen.

Warrior Fairy: Though no Fairy knows what came of it in the end.

Gr G3: What kind of wish...would drive the Commander to seek the Fairy Queen?

Warrior Fairy: Could be anything.

Taunt Fairy: Cooler A/C! More games! More chicken drumsticks in your meal!

Warrior Fairy: You, too, can wish for anything once you meet the Fairy Queen, Miss Gr G3!

Warrior Fairy: But I...don't know what I want...

Taunt Fairy: Think about things that bother you and just settle them. It's not that hard.

Gr G3: Hmm...I see...

Gr G3: Then where do I...we find the Fairy Queen?

Gr G3: Is she also in the Fairy Chamber like you?

Taunt Fairy: A castle made of plastic is no place for a Fairy Queen to live.

Taunt Fairy: She has her own throne where she awaits those who seek her.

Gr G3: I thought...seeing the Fairy Queen wouldn't be that easy?

Warrior Fairy: We're Fairies!

Warrior Fairy: Just follow us and you'll see her soon enough!

Warrior Fairy: Gone...

Gr G3: Hmm? Is something wrong with this empty shelf?

Warrior Fairy: The Queen isn't on her throne... She's gone!
Part 3

3

...

Warrior Fairy: The pantry...signal tower...hanger...

Warrior Fairy: Where could the Queen be...? Why can't I find her...?

Taunt Fairy: You've looked everywhere but she's nowhere to be found. You're not thorough enough with the search, Warrior!

Warrior Fairy: Humph, why don't YOU try looking yourself?!

Gr G3: Uh...please don't argue...

Gr G3: Could the Fairy Queen just happen to be somewhere else?

Taunt Fairy: It's possible, but she's been away for too long...

Taunt Fairy: The Queen doesn't like going out and used to spend a lot of time up in the attic in the T-Dolls' dorm.

Gr G3: So she would hide in places like that...

Gr G3: Wait...the dorm?

Taunt Fairy: She went there because the Commander was seeking her.

Gr G3: Did the Commander...really find her?

Warrior Fairy: Enough about the Commander. Right now even we can't find her...

Warrior Fairy: How could this be...?

Gr G3: Maybe the Queen is doing what she did to the Commander...and changed her location deliberately...?

Taunt Fairy: That can't be right, we're leading the way!

Taunt Fairy: How about...

Taunt Fairy: Just shout "please show yourself, Your Majesty!"

Taunt Fairy: She'll definitely hear you.

Gr G3: Huh...?

Gr G3: I'm...not too good at shouting.

Warrior Fairy: But how would the Queen know you want to see her if you don't give her a shout?

Gr G3: But...

Gr G3: Shouting at such a busy place...is terrifying.

Taunt Fairy: No matter how much you've prepared, if you don't even dare give a good holler, that shows you're not determined enough to seek the Fairy Queen!

Warrior Fairy: If you want to make a wish, you have to show your determination!

Gr G3: But everyone will hear me...

Gr G3: And it's not even guaranteed to work, is it?

Warrior Fairy: If the Queen didn't hide herself on purpose, she must be testing you!

Taunt Fairy: That's it! The Queen is waiting for your call!

Gr G3: Even so...

Gr G3: Suddenly shouting in public...is just...a bit...

Warrior Fairy: You've been coming to conduct maintenance every day lately, Miss Gr G3. You really want to find the Fairy Queen, right?

Warrior Fairy: Surely you don't want all your hard work to go to waste, do you?

Gr G3: I... Sigh...

Gr G3: Alright.

...Gr G3 takes a deep breath.

...

Gr G3: P...please show yourself, Your Majesty!

...

Warrior Fairy: ...

Taunt Fairy: ...

Gr G3: ......

Griffin T-Doll: What's wrong...with Miss Gr G3 over there...?

Griffin T-Doll: No clue. To do something like that...her neural cloud must've received some weird electronic wave?

Griffin T-Doll: Should we ask her...? Eh, let's just pretend we didn't see that.

Gr G3: ...

Warrior Fairy: Wow, she actually did it.

Taunt Fairy: And so loudly too. She could probably be heard all the way from the main entrance.

Taunt Fairy: Your face is as red as a tomato, Miss Gr G3. Are you suffocating?

Gr G3: ...I'm fine... T-Dolls don't suffocate.

Gr G3: More importantly...has the Fairy Queen shown herself yet?

Warrior Fairy: Well...

Taunt Fairy: Pfft...pffffftttt...

Gr G3: Hmm...?

Warrior Fairy: Taunt, you idiot! Why can't you hold it in?!

Gr G3: ...I suppose the two of you have some explaining to do?

Taunt Fairy: Hmm...

Warrior Fairy: Uh...

...The Fairies turn off their holographic projections.

Warrior Fairy: There is actually no Fairy Queen.

Gr G3: Whaaaaaaaaaat?

Taunt Fairy: The legend of the Fairy Queen is just a joke among us Fairies.

Gr G3: So all these days...I spent tidying up the warehouse...

Gr G3: And what I did just now...were all...?

Warrior Fairy: We're all very happy that you've been visiting us for maintenance lately.

Gr G3: ...

Gr G3: Happy...?

Taunt Fairy: That's right. You're different than the others, who avoid us like the plague.

Taunt Fairy: You're the only one who plays with us.

Gr G3: ...

Gr G3: So you're happy...and that's all that matters to you?

Warrior Fairy: That's not true. You've been having fun too, haven't you?

Warrior Fairy: You've been trying very hard to find the Fairy Queen, and you looked like you were having a lot of fun.

Gr G3: That's it! I've had enough!

Gr G3: You've all been making fun of me the whole time!

Taunt Fairy: Eeep.

Warrior Fairy: Miss Gr G3 is angry... What...should we do...?

Gr G3: I...

Gr G3: (Sighs) I shouldn't have lost my temper like that.

Gr G3: I'm sorry...

Warrior Fairy: Miss Gr G3...

Gr G3: I think I should go back... Is there anything you need me for?

Warrior Fairy: The Fairy Queen can really grant you any wish as long as you truly want to find her.

Gr G3: But you just said she didn't exist...

Warrior Fairy: She hasn't been seen in a long time, but there was once a Fairy Queen.

Taunt Fairy: She disappeared after she got attacked by a cat in the T-Dolls' dorm.

Taunt Fairy: Before she left, she told us how to find her.

Gr G3: Sigh... Do you expect me to still believe you...?

Taunt Fairy: She didn't give any exact instructions, but she did say whoever wanted to see her must have unwavering determination.

Taunt Fairy: I don't know if shouting counts, but it should be fine.

Warrior Fairy: Just one last time. Please come look with us, Miss Gr G3.

Warrior Fairy: We all miss the Queen very much.

...

Gr G3: This place...looks the same as we first visited?

Warrior Fairy: No, the skylight is open!

Gr G3: Anyone could've opened it. Someone probably wanted some fresh air and...

???: The skylight is a fantastic invention. It prevents furry creatures from nesting on your roof.

Gr G3: Huh...what?

...A Fairy that Gr G3 has never seen before drifts slowly down from the skylight and lands on the empty shelf.

Golden Fairy: A destined revelation shall fill you with determination.

Golden Fairy: Gr G3...are you the one who seeks me?

Warrior Fairy: The Fairy Queen has returned!

Taunt Fairy: The Fairy Queen is back! We must spread the news!

...The two Fairies flutter out the door.

Gr G3: So you're...the Fairy Queen?

Golden Fairy: Your shout startled me and piqued my curiosity.

Golden Fairy: Since you were led to me by those two Fairies, you must have a wish to make.

Gr G3: Huh...?

Gr G3: Can I really...wish for anything?

Golden Fairy: There's nothing in the world that money and wisdom cannot solve.

Gr G3: But I'm not sure what I want is possible...

Golden Fairy: If you're willing to say it out loud, you must be determined about it, and I can certainly make it come true.

Golden Fairy: Just as how you shouted for me to show myself.

Gr G3: I wish that the Fairies could be more mature.

Golden Fairy: That's impossible.

Gr G3: ...

Gr G3: Uh...pardon?

Golden Fairy: Exactly what I said. Impossible.

Gr G3: ...Didn't you say you could make any wish come true...?

Golden Fairy: Oh, this is way too difficult.

Golden Fairy: You're wishing for the Fairies to have neural clouds that are capable of growth.

Gr G3: That's right... You're the Fairy Queen. If anyone could do it...

Golden Fairy: Growing up is too hard. The path is filled with suffering, deception, and loss.

Golden Fairy: I cannot give them such things.

Gr G3: But the Fairies are too much like children...

Gr G3: It's hard getting along with them...and giving them maintenance...

Golden Fairy: But they are only so happy because they can't perceive the complexity in their environment.

Golden Fairy: They don't have to worry about the power of wealth and wisdom, nor do they have to trouble themselves with interpersonal relationships.

Gr G3: I...

Gr G3: I suppose I have nothing to ask of you then.

Gr G3: Danke schön, Your Majesty.

Golden Fairy: You seem troubled.

Golden Fairy: You have nothing to hide before the great Fairy Queen.

Gr G3: ...

Gr G3: I'm just thinking...

Gr G3: I was forced into performing maintenance on the Fairies, and it was the Fairies who dragged me to you.

Gr G3: I don't know how others would've handled this situation...

Golden Fairy: Others know how to stay away from trouble, but you don't know how to say no.

Golden Fairy: Which is why you keep being forced into doing things nobody wants to do and end up having your leg pulled by two Fairy goofballs.

Gr G3: So...Your Majesty...

Gr G3: If I want to know how to not let myself be pushed into doing things...is that possible?

Golden Fairy: That's much easier than your original wish.

Golden Fairy: Look at you, all bashful and soft-spoken. You should speak up whenever something's bothering you.

Golden Fairy: Why keep everything bottled up?

Gr G3: I snapped at the Fairies just now...

Gr G3: And it...didn't feel good...

Golden Fairy: It might not have felt good, but that's a start.

Golden Fairy: What you did was very important, especially for the Fairies.

Gr G3: I don't want to treat anyone that way if I can help it.

Gr G3: No matter who...

Golden Fairy: It's alright to think like that. All you lack is the confidence to speak your mind.

Golden Fairy: It'll take some time, but it's nothing we can't fix.

Gr G3: But...

Golden Fairy: No buts!

Golden Fairy: Do you want to keep being treated like a spineless chicken that even Fairies have no qualms about picking on?

Golden Fairy: I'm the omnipotent Fairy Queen, and I shall make your wish come true!

Gr G3: ...Okay!

Gr G3: I understand, Your Majesty. Please tell me what to do!
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

Type 80: Nothing to do... Today is another boooooring day.

Type 80: When do we get to fight some Sangvis...?

...Type 80 notices a group of T-Dolls gathered around.

Type 80: What's going on here?

Griffin T-Doll: Hush... A miracle is happening.

Gr G3: Do you know what you've done wrong?

Warrior Fairy: We shouldn't have zoomed around like that...

Taunt Fairy: Sorry, Miss Gr G3... It was our fault.

Gr G3: It's alright as long as you're aware of that.

Gr G3: I know you were excited, but don't get TOO excited. Be careful next time.

...The Fairies head off.

Type 80: Gr G3...?

Type 80: No... You seem...different?

Type 80: Is this the consequence of making you perform maintenance on the Fairy system...?

Gr G3: Not exactly...

Gr G3: I changed...because I met the Fairy Queen.

Type 80: The Fairy Queen? Sounds like some new bubble gum flavor...

Type 80: Say, Gr G3...are you sure you're alright?

Gr G3: I'm fine, and the Fairy Queen does exist.

Gr G3: Though she often goes missing...when running away from the rats in our warehouse.

Type 80: This queen sounds very unreliable...

Type 80: But what has she got to do with how you've changed?

Gr G3: Well, she's taught me a lot about how to get along with people...and Fairies.

Gr G3: She also suggested some technical upgrades for me to give me more "spunk".

Type 80: Oh? And the Commander endorsed the upgrade?

Gr G3: Since it would increase my effectiveness in carrying out missions that include Fairy maintenance, ja. The Commander agreed to it just like that.

Type 80: I see...

Type 80: You looked a bit intimidating just now, but you still sound like the usual Gr G3...

Gr G3: Old habits die hard, I suppose.

Gr G3: (Whispers) The Commander even asked me for an audience with the Fairy Queen, saying there's a lot of wishes to be made.

Type 80: Even the Commander believes in her...

Type 80: Since when are there such things at the base...?

Gr G3: Do you want to meet her too, Type 80?

Type 80: ...Sounds like trouble, so I'll pass.

Type 80: I'll just think of it as an urban legend.

...

Type 80: That said, Gr G3 has really changed a lot...

Type 80: Who exactly is this Fairy Queen...?

Type 80: I hope she wasn't tricked by something strange...?