...The first social gathering of all Frontline Combat Team members at Griffin's Café.

The cozy little café is filled with about 60 Dolls, who are either conversing softly with each other or keeping to themselves.

Galil: Ha, I didn't expect there to be so many Dolls on the Frontline Combat Team.

Micro Uzi: Griffin has been getting new recruits all the time; I'm sure quite a lot of brilliant Dolls have made it in.

Galil: For all we know, it isn't our time anymore.

Micro Uzi: That doesn't sound like you at all.

Galil: Haha, let's find Tavor and Negev.

Micro Uzi: Negev? She's right there.

Micro Uzi: She seems to be talking to some reserve members...

Galil looks toward where Micro Uzi is pointing and sees Negev chatting with a few unfamiliar Dolls.

As she watches Negev gesticulating inaudibly, Galil is swept away by memories of the past.

...At a daily training session of the Frontline Combat Team.

Galil: Phew... Negev, I'm done with my training for today!

Negev: Alright, let me have a look.

Negev walked over to Galil and studied her scores.

Negev: Damage - B; accuracy - B; rate of fire - B. You still got grade B for everything, but the exact figures do show some improvement.

Galil: Gosh, looks like I'll be spending the rest of my life trying to surpass grade B.

Negev: Now don't despair just yet. You definitely stand a chance of achieving that if you get to receive a neural upgrade.

Galil: Ha, I was just kid—

Unfamiliar Doll A: Miss Negev! Could you please take a look at my training results?

Negev: Sure, I'll be right there.

Galil watched as Negev made her way to the Doll who called her over.

Negev: Grade A. That's pretty good for a new recruit.

Unfamiliar Doll A: Huh, still A...

Unfamiliar Doll B: What about me, Miss Negev?

Negev: Grade S. Well done.

Unfamiliar Doll B: Heheh, thank you!

Unfamiliar Doll: Whoa... The competition is so intense on Negev's reserve squad!

Galil: ...

As Galil overheard the conversation, she stared down at her own grade.

A big, pathetic "B".

Galil: Hm, they all seem to be having a good time. Let's not interrupt them for now.

Galil: Oh right, Uzi—

HS2000: ...Uzi, have you sorted out the problem you told me about last time?

Micro Uzi: Oh, Hot Sauce! Yep, it's all sorted!

Micro Uzi: I followed your instructions and it has stopped rattling...

HS2000: My name is HS2000, not Hot Sauce...

HS2000: But I'm very glad to hear that...

While Galil is lost in her own thoughts, Micro Uzi is chattering away with another member of the Frontline Combat Team.

Galil politely gives them some privacy and drifts through the bustling crowd on her own.

Galil: Huh, so many new faces. They all look super competent...

Galil: Hm... I wonder what Tavor is up to?

TAR-21: Excuse me, passing through.

Galil: Aha! Wait, why is she dressed like that?

Galil: Hey, Tavor!

TAR-21: There you are, Galil.

TAR-21: Would you like something to drink?

Galil: No, thanks. But what's this? What's with the getup?

TAR-21: It's a favor for Miss Kalina. She asked me to give out beverages to all the attendants.

Galil: ...I see. The uniform certainly suits you.

TAR-21: Thanks, Galil.

Galil: I haven't seen you on the training ground for days. Negev said Kalina had been borrowing you. How have you been doing?

TAR-21: I've been well enough. I spent the last few days helping Miss Kalina with the preparations for this event.

TAR-21: There were a lot to do, but I enjoyed striking items off the to-do list.

Galil: Just make sure that woman doesn't sell you off...

TAR-21: Haha, Miss Kalina wants me to help with organizing the Frontline Combat Team's regular events in the future.

TAR-21: Things are going to get busy for me.

Kalina: Tavor! Tavor, where are you?

TAR-21: I'm here, Miss Kalina.

TAR-21: I need to get back to work, Galil. I'll catch you later.

TAR-21: Here, take this cocktail. It doesn't contain that much alcohol, and the color matches your hair.

Galil: Alright, get on with your work. See you.

Tavor soon vanishes amidst the crowd.

With a lonesome glass in hand, Galil finds a corner to accommodate herself.

Through the thick, invisible wall that isolates her, she observes as the other Dolls engage in lively conversation.

Galil: (Sighs) Everyone seems to have found their place.

She looks down at her cocktail - her impassive face is reflected on the still surface.

She forces a small smile - her reflection in the glass smiles drily back at her.

Galil: ...What about you?

Galil swirls her cocktail. The orange-y mixture veers on the rim of the glass dangerously...

Galil: Have you found your own place?

A hasty Dolls runs into Galil and knocks her cocktail over.

Unfamiliar Doll: Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry!

Galil: Don't worry about it.

Galil smiles and dabs at the stain on her clothes with a handkerchief. She mutters quietly to herself...

Galil: Welcome to the Real World.

...Some time later.

Micro Uzi: Hey, Galil! Why are you drinking all by yourself in the corner?

Micro Uzi: I've been looking for you!

Galil: Ha, I'm just hanging around where I'm meant to be.

Micro Uzi: What? Her Ladyship Negev's right-hand woman skulking in the corner?

Galil: Oh, please. There are enough potential candidates for that position to form a queue from the Café all the way to the Rescue Station.

Galil: Me? I'm just a humble T-Doll who barely made the cut of being in this team after the restructuring.

Micro Uzi: ...That's nonsense.

The two Dolls sip their cocktails in silence. The hustle and bustle drowns them like seawater.

Galil: Hey, Uzi.

Micro Uzi: Yeah?

Galil: Do you like it here?

Micro Uzi: I think so.

Micro Uzi: I occasionally get some really tricky assignments, but I can usually handle them just fine.

Micro Uzi: Why are you asking about this all of a sudden? Trouble at work?

Galil: Hm... I've just been thinking...

Galil: That perhaps it's time I started exploring other possibilities.

Micro Uzi: What do you mean?

Galil: You know how middle-aged humans are forced to reconsider their career choices and find themselves among more talented successors?

Galil: I know I'm not human, but I believe I'm having the same problem.

Micro Uzi: Huh? I still don't get it.

Galil: To put it in a way that you understand...

Galil: I'm at a disadvantage in the fierce competition here at Griffin, so I'm wondering if I'll get a new breakthrough in my career if I look elsewhere.

Micro Uzi: That kinda makes sense...

Micro Uzi: But have you told Negev about this, Galil?

Galil: Not yet, but I don't really want to bother her with this.

Galil: She always plays the Devil's advocate; even the Devil's advocate should catch a break once in a while.

Micro Uzi: ...

TAR-21: What are you two doing here, being all furtive?

Micro Uzi: I'm listening to Galil's complaints about the dark and treacherous road to a successful career!

Galil: Ha, don't listen to Uzi's nonsense.

Galil: Tavor, I enjoyed the cocktail.

TAR-21: I'm glad you liked it.

TAR-21: By the way, Miss Kalina has been looking for you.

Galil: Me?

TAR-21: It seems to be something very important. She wants you to report to the Research Lab after the gathering.

Micro Uzi: The Research Lab...?

Micro Uzi: It may be good news!

Galil: ...Who knows?

...When the gathering is over, Galil, accompanied by Micro Uzi, comes to the Research Lab.

Galil: ...Miss Kalina?

Kalina: Galil, there you are! I've got some good news for you!

Galil: You have the same face as when you're giving me your usual furniture sales pitch...

Kalina: Oh my, why so mean? It really is good news this time!

Kalina: We've secured a spot for you in this batch of upgrades!

Galil: ...Me?

Kalina: Unfortunately, your body is too old and dated, so in order to receive an upgrade, you'll need a completely new body.

Kalina: Come take a look at it!

Kalina opens the hatch of the body container, revealing the unfamiliar Doll with honey blond hair lying within.

Galil: ...

Galil: If I undergo the upgrade, will I be up to par with the new recruits of the Frontline Combat Team?

Kalina: Hm... To be honest, in terms of pure statistics, there will still be some catching-up to do...

Kalina: But you will see a marked improvement in every aspect! It will definitely be beneficial in combat!

Kalina: Though the new body does weigh a bit more than your current one...

Galil: You mean even if I receive the upgrade, there won't be much difference when it comes to my combat stats...

Galil: Hold on! What's that important keyword that you just said?!

Kalina: Oh, nothing. It's just a bit...heftier!

Galil: Don't be so vague about such an important matter!

Kalina: It...weighs about t-ten kilos more...

Galil: Ten kilos?!!!!

Kalina: Um, I've still got work to do!

Kalina: I'll send you the details later! Remember to check your inbox~ ♪

Kalina desperately tries to distract Galil as she shoves her out of the Research Lab.

Galil: ...

Micro Uzi: Hahaha, I heard it all.

Micro Uzi: Congrats, Galil. So much for switching careers.

Galil: TEN FREAKING KILOS!!!!!!

Micro Uzi: Hahahahahaha...

Galil: Stop laughing! This upgrade comes with a heavy price.

Galil: If I get reassigned to a different position, I doubt all the new functions will see much use.

Micro Uzi: You're not thinking about rejecting the upgrade, are you?

Galil: I'm seriously considering it.

Galil: Even with the upgrade, my combat stats still won't be able to compete with the newbies.

Galil gazes at Micro Uzi with feigned sobriety as she waits for her friend's usual gibe.

Micro Uzi: ...Huh?

Micro Uzi: Well, it's your call. Do what you want.

Galil: ...What?

Micro Uzi: No matter what you decide, you'll have my support.

Galil: Damn, that's super cheesy...

Micro Uzi: Hahaha.

Micro Uzi: Right, I just received a small assignment so I need to go. I'll see you back at the dorm later.

Galil: Okay, see you later.

...Galil returns to the dorm alone.

She sits in the dark room with the lights turned off and pores over the details regarding her neural upgrade on the blindingly bright monitor.

Her finger hovers over the 【Agree】 button for a very long time...
Part 2

2

...At a daily training session of the Frontline Combat Team.

As usual, Negev mentors her reserve squad members in their practice.

Galil stares anxiously at her target, her finger hesitating on the trigger.

Galil: At the very least, I must tell Negev about my decision.

Galil: If I leave without a word, she will never forgive me.

Galil watches Negev with her peripheral vision.

Negev is correcting a new recruit's shooting stance.

Negev is talking to another new recruit.

Now Negev is walking in her direction.

Galil takes a deep breath.

Negev: Hm? Where are your results?

Galil: Negev, we need to talk.

Negev: Why are you opening a conversation with me in such a foreboding way?

Galil: Haha, I don't really know how else to start...

Negev: Just spit it out.

Galil: ...

Galil: I would like to be reassigned to another department.

Negev: Why?

Galil: I want to find a place that suits me the best.

Negev: Meaning...

Negev: You believe your current position doesn't suit you, so you wish to explore more possibilities?

Galil: ...Yes.

Negev's silence seems to last an entire century.

Galil: ...I am so gonna get a tongue-lashing.

Negev: I see. Submit your request. I'll approve it.

Galil: Huh?

Galil: She agreed to it, just like that?

Without another word, Negev turns and moves onto another squad member.

Step. Step.

Negev marches on resolutely, stomping on Galil's heart with every step she takes.

...On the way to the Intelligence Centers of the other departments.

With her resume and application form in hand, Galil feels as uncertain as a loose leaf being blown through a storm.

Galil: Phew... I've taken the toughest step.

Galil: Now I just need to decide which door to step through.

She beholds the plethora of department signboards and ponders her options with her papers in hand.

Galil: ...Which department should I submit my application to?

Galil: To be honest, I don't really have a preference. Maybe I should just try my luck at all of them?

HS2000: ...Miss Galil?

Galil: Oh, hello.

HS2000: Are you...transferring to another department?

Galil: Yeah, I'm looking for new opportunities.

HS2000: Hm, no wonder Uzi has been so absent-minded these last couple of days...

Galil: Huh...

HS2000: Oh, don't let me keep you. I just wanted to say hi.

HS2000: By the way, I hear that all the departments have their hands full these days, so this might not be the best time to get a transfer...

Galil: Thanks, I'll see for myself.

HS2000: Alright, best of luck, Miss Galil.

HS2000 takes her leave, though she seems to be have left something unsaid.

Galil: Things really aren't looking good...

Galil: Rather than me picking a new department, it's more like I'm being passed around...

Galil: But I really mustn't let myself stagnate.

Galil sighs before heading over to the Response Combat Team Intelligence Center, which is the closest.

She stops before the entrance.

Ring— She presses the doorbell.

Galil: Hello, this is Galil!

Welrod MkII: Hello, how may I help you?

Galil: Miss Welrod... I would like to join the Response Combat Team.

Galil: These are my papers.

Welrod MkII: ...Did something happen?

Welrod MkII: If I remember correctly, you're in Squad Negev, which makes you part of the Frontline Combat Team.

Galil: That's right.

Galil: Nothing really happened; I just wish to find a place where I can apply myself better.

Welrod MkII: ...I understand, but I'm afraid the Response Combat Team is currently fully-staffed.

Welrod MkII: We do not have any vacancies for new members.

Galil: Is that so...

Galil glances over Welrod's shoulder and catches sight of the busy Dolls bustling around the center.

Galil: Well, sorry to have disturbed you. I'll try the other departments.

Welrod MkII: Sure. Good luck.

As the doorbell display goes dead, the lively world of the Response Combat Team fades away from Galil.

...At the entrance of the Border Surveillance Corps Intelligence Center.

Knock, knock, knock. Galil knocks on the ancient wooden door.

Galil: Um, hello. I am Galil.

Gr SL8: Oh, hello.

Galil: Is Miss NTW-20 in?

Gr SL8: Sorry, we've just recently dispatched a large scouting party.

Gr SL8: NTW is off leading the party; we're the only ones left to keep things in order while the others are away.

Galil: I see...

Galil: If I want to transfer to the Border Surveillance Corps, to whom should I submit my application?

Gr SL8: Only NTW has the authority to handle applications, I'm afraid...

Galil: Right, sorry for taking up your time.

Gr SL8: Don't sweat it.

The heavy wooden door closes in Galil's face, cutting her off from the faintest warmth that remains.

...At the operation hub of the General Support Team.

Galil: ...

Gr G3: ...

Galil: ...Uh, Miss Gr G3, could you perhaps...use an extra Doll on the Support Team?

Gr G3: As you can see, we only take Fairies...

Galil: Right, excuse me...

...At the Specialized Factor of the Assimilated Forces.

Scarecrow: ...

Galil: ...

Dreamer: ...

Galil: ...

Judge: ...

Galil: ...

Galil: Excuse me!

After eyeballing the Sangvis units in silence for ten minutes, Galil finally caves in and runs away.

...At the Café run by the Integrated Logistics Department.

Galil: ...And that's how it is.

Springfield: I understand, but are you sure you'd like to join us?

Springfield: We may not engage in combat very often, but keeping everything in order behind the scenes so that the base runs smoothly isn't as easy as you'd think.

Galil: I'm aware of that.

Springfield: You would still like to give it a try?

Galil: That's right, Miss Springfield. Please give me a chance.

Springfield looks into Galil's determined eyes and finally lets out a sigh.

Springfield: Alright, I'll discuss the arrangements with the other group leaders later. Please go home and wait for your notice.

Galil: Thank you very much!

To celebrate the imminent start of a new life, Galil specially prepares her teammates' favorite dishes.

At this moment, she is humming cheerfully to herself as she arranges the food on the dining table.

Galil: ...La-la-la... ♪

Galil: It's getting dark. Why isn't anyone home yet?

Galil: Are there any special events tonight?

As the sky grows darker outside the window, Galil calls Micro Uzi on her communicator.

Galil: Uzi, how come you're still out?

Micro Uzi: Oh, we forgot to tell you!

TAR-21: Galil, we received an urgent assignment and we're setting off tonight.

Micro Uzi: We're already on the way!

Galil: Oh...

TAR-21: Negev said you don't have to come since you've already transferred to another department, that's why...

Galil: It's totally okay. I was just wondering when you'd come home.

Micro Uzi: We'll be back in a few days. We'll catch up then, Galil!

Galil: Alright, stay safe.

Micro Uzi: Yeah, gotta go.

Micro Uzi: Negev is calling a meeting!

The call ends abruptly.

Galil puts down the cutleries and stares at the table full of dishes in silence.

By then, the sky outside the window is already pitch dark.
Part 3

3

...On her first day in the Integrated Logistics Department, Galil is assigned to work at the Café.

Type 88: Welcome to the Café, Master! Type 88 at your service!

Galil: ...

Type 88: Try copying what I just said and did, Galil.

Galil: O-Okay.

Galil bows rigidly at the empty air and coos sappily with her vocal module.

Galil: W-Welcome to the Café, Master! Galil at your service!

Type 88: Keep your facial expression natural and your motion fluid, and you'll be good to go!

Galil: O-Okay! Let me try again...

Galil: Welcome to the Café, Master! Galil at your service!

Type 88: Perfect! Now let's try to serve some actual customers!

Type 88: Oh, a regular showed up right on time. Dear customer—

Galil: She has already taken so much time to train me...

Galil: Let me handle this!

Type 88: You're so motivated, Galil!

Type 88: When serving a customer, simply ask what they require and deliver their order correctly.

Type 88: I'm sure you'll have no problem!

Galil: Right!

Galil goes into her usual combat mode and approaches her target calmly.

Galil: W-Welcome to the Café, Master! Galil at your service!

TAC-50: ...Hello.

Galil: What can I get you, M-Master?

TAC-50: An americano with 250g of maple syrup, please.

Galil: Sure. An americano... What?

TAC-50: With 250g of maple syrup.

Galil: ...N-No problem.

Galil: It's a wonder she hasn't died of diabetes yet...

Galil mutters silently as she walks toward the kitchen.

...A few minutes later, when Galil comes out from the kitchen, the Café is already at its busiest.

She squeezes through the crowd towards TAC-50 with her coffee on a tray.

Galil: Phew... That went surprisingly well. So I'll just have to take and fulfill there orders, right?

M500: Hi, is this my Puppercino?

M500: I'm in a hurry for my training, so I'll just get a takeaway!

Galil: What? Hold on, no!

Before Galil can stop M500 in her tracks, another Doll has already intercepted her.

SPAS-12: The Café is way too busy!

SPAS-12: Finally, I've got a hold on a waitress! Please, I beg you! Get me some more cake!

Galil: I-I'm sorry, I'm busy with something else...

SPAS-12: If you don't get me cake, I'll devour this table!

Galil: Um... I really do have a more urgent matter to—

SPAS-12: Munch munch...

Galil: Wait, I'm sure we can discuss this!

Galil: Spit that table out!

SPAS-12: I will not let go of the table unless I get cake!

TAC-50: ...Excuse me, where is my coffee?

Galil: I'm sorry, your coffee was...

Just as Galil bows in apology, a blood-curdling wail can be heard from outside the Café...

M500: IT'S TOO SWEET!!!

Dowel: AWOOOOOOO!!

Galil: ...ARGHHHH!!

...At the warehouse, after the Café has closed for the day.

Type 88: You did very well on your first day, Galil.

Type 88: You really don't have to beat yourself up...

Galil: Thank you for your kind words...

Galil: But I'm very well aware that my negligence has been a hindrance to the operation of the Café...

Type 88: It's totally okay. All kinds of accidents happen at the Café every single day.

Galil: Thank you very much for everything you've done for me!

Galil: I'm heading back to my dorm. I'll be working with another group tomorrow...

Type 88: Sure. Good night, Galil.

Type 88: I look forward to working with you again.

Under Type 88's kindly gaze, Galil trudges out of the warehouse despondently.

...At the metro station.

Galil is on supply delivery duty with Gr MG23 from the Logistics Warehouse.

Gr MG23: ...That's how this is usually done.

Gr MG23: But there are also cases like today where the delivery cost is very high because we have to travel a great distance even though the supplies aren't that heavy.

Gr MG23: To save costs, we tend to collect the cargo in person and transport it back to base.

Galil: I understand. And for the same reason, the metro is our only option when it comes to transportation, right...?

Gr MG23: Exactly...

On the station platform filled with people, the two Dolls, each carrying a large supply crate, desperately try to force their way through the crowd.

Galil: I get it, but...

Galil: What's up with this huge watermelon?!

The loaded plastic bag hanging on Galil's wrist keeps rustling.

Gr MG23: That...That is pretty unexpected...

Gr MG23: I believe Miss Kalina procured it specially for the Commander...

Galil: I see...

Galil: The metro is here!

Gr MG23: Follow me and don't fall behind!

Gr MG23 squeezes herself nimbly onto the train.

Gr MG23: Hurry up, Miss Galil!

Galil: Coming!

Galil: Phew... I almost didn't make it...

Gr MG23: But you succeeded...

Gr MG23: When I was on my first delivery mission, I couldn't even board the metro...

Galil: Haha, my combat training came in useful.

Galil manages to find a small space in the carriage to put down her supply crate and the bag of watermelon.

Galil: Phew... I can finally rest my arms.

Gr MG23: Make sure you hold onto the handrail, Miss Galil.

Gr MG23: We're getting off at... Hm, let me check the map...

Galil: Do I need to? This line is really old; the train can't go that fas—

Rumble... The train starts running with an abrupt jolt.

Galil almost loses her balance as the train hurtles forward.

Galil: Hey, this train is ridiculously fast!

Gr MG23: The melon, Miss Galil! The melon!

Galil: Huh? What melon?

Following Gr MG23's horrified gaze, Galil sees the token of Kalina's affection rolling jauntily towards the next carriage...

Galil: Oh no! The watermelon!

Gr MG23: Miss Galil, wait for me!

Galil: No, you stay and watch the other supplies! I'll got after the watermelon!

The train begins to accelerate, causing Galil to stumble into the handrail, much to the other passengers' annoyance.

Passenger: What's wrong with this Doll?

Galil: Oww... I'm really sorry!

Gr MG23: Miss Galil!

Galil: Stay where you are!

Galil spares no time and dashes into the next carriage...

Galil: Melon! Watermelon! My watermelon!

Galil: Excuse me! Please let me through!

Passenger: Wow, what a huge watermelon!

Galil: Melon! My watermelon!

The round watermelon barrels around people's legs.

Passengers lift and retract their legs wherever the watermelon passes through, as if afraid of obstructing its pursuit of freedom.

Galil: Melon! Sorry! That's my watermelon!

Passenger: That's...your watermelon...?

Galil: ...The melon! My watermelon!

The train arrives at the next station. Countless pair of feet step off the train and continue on their respective journey.

The watermelon darts agilely in between the feet before disappearing completely from sight.

Galil stops in dismay.

Galil: Where's my watermelon?! Watermelon!

Galil: Excuse me, have you seen my watermelon?

Galil: It's a watermelon! A huge one!

Passenger: ...

The passengers all run away in fright, leaving only Galil searching for the watermelon in the carriage.

Rumble... The train starts up once again.

Through the window, Galil glimpses a familiar plastic bag sitting quietly on the platform and fading rapidly into the distance...

...In the silent dorm.

Galil lies in desolate darkness with the lights off.

The screen of her communicator lights up. It's a message from Gr MG23.

Gr MG23: Miss Galil, thank you very much for accompanying me on my mission today.

Gr MG23: Despite the little episode with the watermelon, all the other supplies have been delivered safely to the base, which makes this a job well done!

Gr MG23: So please cheer up...

Galil: ...

After a brief pause, Galil replies to the message.

Galil: Thank you for your concern, Gr MG23.

Galil: I'm okay; I'm just worried about being told off by Kalina.

Galil: Good thing watermelons aren't too expensive, or there'd be hell for me to pay, haha...

After sending the message with a completely blank face, Galil buries her face into the pillow.

But her communicator keeps beeping stubbornly.

After a long while, Galil finally answers the call.

Micro Uzi: Hey, Galil! What took you so long to pick up?

Galil: I was asleep!

Micro Uzi: Huh? You went to bed so early? That's not like the workaholic Galil I know at all.

TAR-21: Tough job today?

Galil: Eh, it was alright.

Negev: We've completed the mission and are on our way back to base.

Negev: Let's have a meal together when we're there.

Galil: You're done so soon?

Negev: Yeah, we're ahead of schedule.

Galil: ...Nice.

Micro Uzi: Gotta hang! We're going through a tunnel!

Micro Uzi: We'll talk later!

The call ends.

Galil: Their mission seems to have gone smoothly.

Struck by a sudden thought, Galil opens up her shift timetable. All the departments she has been to have been crossed out.

Galil: I must also find a place where I belong...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...On the way to the Rescue Station.

Micro Uzi: Galil still isn't picking up.

TAR-21: She's probably too busy with her work at the Integrated Logistics Department.

Micro Uzi: It's all your fault, Negev! How could you let her go so easily?

Negev: ...

Negev: Since she was determined to explore her possibilities, I must respect her decision.

Micro Uzi: But doesn't this prove that she does have a lot of potential, and that we simply can't do without her?

Negev: ...

TAR-21: Alright, stop arguing. We're here.

Micro Uzi: What if Galil refuses to come back?

Negev: She won't.

Micro Uzi: How can you be so sure?

Negev places her hand on the door handle.

Negev: Thinking is for idiots. Prodigies need only their ingenuity.

...The door opens and their noses are assaulted by the musky scents of a multitude of beasts.

In the middle of the messy room, a familiar Doll is methodically feeding the stray animals.

Galil: Enough, Uzi! Stop chewing on the plastic bag!

Galil: There are no more jerkies in there, so there's no point!

Galil: Hey, don't swallow it! You idiot!

Galil tackles the pug and yanks the plastic bag out of its mouth.

Micro Uzi: ...

Galil: Negev! I know you're behind me!

Galil: Trying to jump me as if I were your prey again?

Galil: Aw, don't be mad! I'll play with you, okay?

She picks up a cat teaser and starts entertaining the seething serval.

Negev: ...

Galil: Heh, you're a good girl as always, Tavor.

Galil: No matter what these troublemakers are up to, you're always sitting there quietly, just preening your feathers.

Galil: Look at Tavor, you guys. That's a real lady for you.

A golden parrotbill flies over to Galil's shoulder and starts preening elegantly.

TAR-21: ...

Galil: Ha, that should be all of them.

Galil: I'm done with my shift now. Stay out of trouble, okay?

Galil keeps muttering to the animals as she picks up her bag and walks toward the door.

Galil: See you guys tomorrow. I'm going—

Negev: ...

Negev: Hi, Galil.

...At the Café.

The coffee on the table has gone cold, but none of the four Dolls have spoken a word.

Negev: Is everything okay at the Integrated Logistics Department?

Galil: ...Ha, yeah, it's pretty good.

Galil: What about you? Did the mission go well?

Negev: Yeah, it did.

Galil: Haha.

Galil: Lovely.

Another bout of silence follows the forced small talk.

Uzi, who has been fiddling with the sugar sachets the whole time, has finally had enough.

Micro Uzi: Sheesh, Negev, just admit it - it did NOT go well at all!

TAR-21: Uzi...

Galil: ...Huh?

Negev: ...

Micro Uzi: With you gone, Negev reverted back to her berserker state right off the bat. It was supposed to be an infiltration, but it turned into a "kill everything in sight" kinda mission...

Micro Uzi: Tavor and I were totally exhausted, not to mention—

Negev: Enough, Uzi.

Negev's face contorts with displeasure, but Galil can no longer contain her laughter.

Galil: Pfft...

TAR-21: Uzi, you're just riling her up even more...

Micro Uzi: But I was telling the truth.

Galil: Sorry, to be honest, things haven't been going too well for me either...

Galil recounts all the misfortune that has befallen her during the last few days.

Micro Uzi: Hahahahahahahahaha...

TAR-21: Sounds like you've also had a hard time, Galil.

Galil: It wasn't too bad. At least I completed all my tasks...

Negev: ...

Micro Uzi: Did you manage to filtch some pastries while working at the Café?

Galil: No! That's expressly forbidden!

Micro Uzi: Heh... Boring!

Negev: ...

TAR-21: Even Uzi is tempted to leave, eh?

Micro Uzi: Just a bit. I mean, I've just about had enough of working under this maniac!

Galil: Huh?

Negev: ...

TAR-21: Please, do pipe down.

TAR-21: Negev, why don't you say something?

Negev: ...

Negev: Come back, Galil.

Micro Uzi: Whaaaaaaa?!!!

Micro Uzi: She just went ahead and said it!!!

TAR-21: This IS new.

Negev: ...

Negev: I hope you'll reconsider, Galil. Both about the neural upgrade and returning to Squad Negev.

Negev places two pieces of paper on the table.

One is a transfer application form; the other is a neural upgrade consent form.

Galil: ...

Negev: We're going.

Micro Uzi: But I still wanna chat with Galil! Ow, stop it...

Negev rises to her feet and drags Micro Uzi along as she leaves the Café. Tavor also bids Galil goodbye and follows suit.

Galil is the only one still sitting at the coffee table.

Galil: Negev...

...At the Griffin dorm.

Micro Uzi: Why hasn't Galil come back yet? What's taking her so long?

TAR-21: Be patient. Let her think it through.

Negev: ...

Negev: I've said all there is to say.

Micro Uzi: Well, only Negev would beg someone to return to her squad with such a nasty scowl.

TAR-21: Cut it out, you two.

TAR-21: I think I hear somebody coming...

Negev: Is it Galil?

Knock knock. Someone is knocking on the door.

...In Springfield's office.

Galil pushes open the door and enters the room.

Springfield: How can I help you, Galil?

Galil: Sorry, Miss Springfield...

Springfield: Oh my, why are you apologizing the moment you come in?

Galil: I...

Springfield seems to understand the situation with just a glance at the form in Galil's hand.

Springfield: So have you found the place that's the best for you?

Galil: I suppose.

Springfield: That's a cause for celebration, so why do you look so downcast?

Galil: Because I'm not entirely certain...

Galil: Isn't this strange? I tend to know how to deal with other people's issues...

Springfield: Not at all. It's actually very normal to feel this way.

Springfield: Galil, what makes you think a place is the best for you?

Galil: It's a place where I can do my job competently. Or put it another way, a place where my presence feels justified.

Springfield: Many positions meet that criterion.

Galil: You're too kind. I've caused enough trouble these last few days at the Integrated Logistics Department...

Springfield: Huh? The feedback I've been hearing tells a totally different story.

Springfield: Everyone says that you're very diligent despite being new to the job, and that you show great courage in unexpected situations.

Galil: Heh...

Springfield: In our book, you make a wonderful team member, Galil.

Springfield: That's why I believe you will do well in a lot of places.

Springfield: So the real question is - how do YOU choose the place that suits you the best?

Galil: It's tough finding an objective criterion...

Springfield: I don't think there is one. Just follow your heart.

Springfield: You already have your answer.

Galil: Do Dolls even have hearts...?

Springfield: I wonder.

Springfield tilts her head and flashes Galil a cryptic smile.

Galil: I'll have to find the answer to that question myself, don't I...?

Springfield: Indeed.

Galil: Thank you, Miss Springfield.

Galil: Sorry for all the trouble.

Springfield: Not at all, we all enjoy having you around.

Springfield: The Integrated Logistics Department will always welcome you.

Galil bows in earnest gratitude and leaves the office.

...Back at the Griffin dorm.

Micro Uzi: A few waves of people came in, but still no sign of Galil.

Micro Uzi: Will she really come back?

Negev: ...

TAR-21: She will.

Someone is once again knocking on the door.

Micro Uzi: Who's there? Her Ladyship Negev is in a very bad mood right now - don't say I didn't warn you.

The fearless caller knocks again.

Micro Uzi: Looks like we have a brave warrior.

TAR-21: I'll get the door.

The door swings open and reveals a slightly unfamiliar Doll.

Micro Uzi: Ga...

Galil: Hello, I am Galil.

Galil: Is this where I report to Squad Negev for duty?

Negev: Yes. Hello, I'm Negev.

Micro Uzi: And I'm Uzi!

TAR-21: Just call me Tavor.

Galil: Lovely to meet you.

The four Dolls embrace each other tightly. Their feelings are apparent, even if left unsaid.