T-Doll: Gepard, run!!

Gepard M1: W-Wait!!

Before her teammate's warning even registers, a shell explodes right in front of Gepard M1.

Her teammate's head rolls up to her feet, the face still frozen in a horrific grimace. It soon starts disintegrating in the flames.

Gepard M1: Ah...Aaaaaah!!

With a lump in her throat, Gepard stands rooted to the spot, clinging desperately to her rifle.

She is a Doll—a Tactical Doll... She should not feel panic...

But at this very moment, she is paralyzed by fear.

???: Watch out!!!

Another shell comes straight for her. Just as Gepard thinks she is going to suffer the same fate as her unfortunate teammate, a figure darts out from behind cover and pushes her into the trench.

Lee Enfield: What were you spacing out for?! Did you crash?!

Gepard M1: No... I didn't... Lee?

Gepard stares at her flustered colleague, dumbfounded.

She has never seen this elite T-Doll looking so disheveled.

Gepard M1: W-Why are you here?!

Lee Enfield: I just covered Miss Springfield and the others' retreat... But I got pinned down myself.

Lee Enfield: Where's the 17th line of defense?

Gepard M1: ...I'm the only thing that's left of it.

Gepard M1: We were spotted by a military squad while we were falling back and came under artillery fire.

Gepard M1: Then...

Boom!!!

Gepard M1: Ugh...!!

Lee Enfield: I see. Now pick up your rifle, soldier.

Lee Enfield: We're retreating together.

Gepard M1: P...Pardon? Retreat?

Gepard looks dubiously at Lee.

Gepard M1: Do we...have any hope of surviving?

Lee Enfield: ...I don't know, but at the very least, we're still alive.

Lee Enfield: If we can make it to the wall in time, we may still be able to link up with the Commander.

As if to ease Gepard's mind, Lee loosens her furrow and smiles just a little.

Lee Enfield: I'll keep you safe, Gepard.

...

In the Café, Griffin Base.

Springfield: Miss Gepard?

Gepard M1: Hm...?! Um...oh, I'm s-sorry.

In the quiet Café, Gepard's wool-gathering is abruptly interrupted. She jumps in fright and accidentally spills her cup of coffee.

Gepard M1: Crap!

Springfield: It's okay. Let me clean this up.

Springfield chuckles and shakes her head in amusement as she picks up a tablecloth and starts cleaning the surface of the table, as if she had been expecting this.

Gepard shifts her chair slightly to the side apologetically to give Springfield more space to work.

Springfield: It's nothing serious, Gepard. Don't let this bother you.

Springfield washes the dirty cloth under the faucet and smiles kindly at Gepard, who finally relaxes a little.

Springfield: ...Still, even I wouldn't just let anything pass, you know?

Gepard M1: I'm sorry...

Springfield: You still haven't come up with a good reason, have you?

Springfield places the letter in her hand back onto the freshly-cleaned table and pushes it towards Gepard.

Springfield: If that's the case, I cannot accept this resignation letter.

Gepard M1: ...

Despite her stern tone, she still serves Gepard a new cup of hot coffee.

Gepard wraps her hands around the cup. The warmth seeps into her fingers, enveloping her with a sense of security.

Gepard M1: ...I'm sorry. I know it's terribly selfish of me to bring this up now.

Springfield: ...

With the serving tray under her arm, Springfield takes in Gepard's forlorn face and struggles to maintain her sternness.

Springfield: I'm not saying that... you can't be selfish, Gepard.

Springfield: I just don't understand your reasoning at all.

Springfield: This isn't something as minor as spilling a cup of coffee or tea. You're telling me that you want to leave Griffin.

Gepard M1: ...That's right.

Springfield: Are you serious?

Gepard M1: Yes.

Gepard lifts her head and meets Springfield's gaze.

Springfield: ...And yet, you won't explain your reasoning.

Springfield: As your superior, I cannot accept this.

Springfield: Even if I am your superior, I'm nevertheless a T-Doll just like you.

Springfield: I am not qualified to handle such matters.

Gepard M1: Then who should I talk to?

Springfield: ...Right now, the only person with the authority to make such decisions in the base is Miss Helian.

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard sniffles and stuffs the letter back into the inside pocket of her coat.

Her hand brushes past her brand new body and a sense of unfamiliarity washes over her.

Springfield: ...Let's leave that aside for now, Miss Gepard.

Springfield: I have a favor to ask of you. As you probably know, we are very short-staffed at the base these days.

Gepard M1: I am certainly aware of that... How can I help you?

Springfield: This matter also concerns Miss Helian. Whatever your final decision...

Springfield: I hope you can leave it until this business—or more specifically, this special occasion—is settled.

Gepard M1: ...Special occasion?

Springfield: It's almost Miss Helian's tenth anniversary at Griffin.

Springfield: I want to organize a surprise celebration for her and am urgently in need of helpers.

Gepard M1: Tenth anniversary... Miss Helian has already worked here for ten years?

Springfield: Indeed. I believe this celebration will bring everyone at the base some much needed good cheer.

Springfield: What do you think?

Gepard M1: ...

After a momentary silence, Gepard lifts her cup and takes a sip of the coffee.

Gepard M1: Alright, please let me help.
Part 2

2

...

Gepard M1: Ugh...

Gepard wakes up to the ringing in her ear.

When she opens her eyes, she sees her own legs.

Lee Enfield: ...Are you awake?

Gepard M1: Miss Lee?!

Gepard looks up and is surprised to see Lee Enfield looming over her. She looks exhausted and much frailer than usual. Her sleek uniform is also in tatters.

Gepard struggles to her feet. Only when Lee lets go of her arms does she realize she has been dragged along for quite some time.

Gepard M1: What happened to the Military?! Didn't we just...encounter one of their...

Lee Enfield: ...I've taken that squad out.

Lee Enfield: But a stun grenade landed right next to you and your body shut down in self-preservation.

Lee Enfield: (Coughs)

Gepard M1: You're severely damaged!

Lee Enfield: We need to get out of here quickly.

Lee Enfield: This fighting will only attract more and more enemies.

Lee Enfield: When they realize they can no longer contract their allies, they'll know we're still alive.

Lee Enfield: They won't let us off the hook.

Gepard M1: But you...

Gepard runs a quick self-diagnostic.

Their situation is rather precarious, but she seems to have not suffered any serious injuries herself.

On the other hand...

Lee Enfield: ...

Leaning heavily on her rifle, Lee Enfield takes out her communicator calmly.

Lee Enfield: We're still some distance away from the next line of defense.

Lee Enfield: Our pursuers are quite persistent. I don't think we can shake them off with my current condition.

Lee Enfield: I'll cover your retreat, Gepard. Get out of here immediately.

Gepard's eyes widen.

She opens her mouth, only to close it again. This colleague, who has just rescued her from great peril, has left her completely stunned.

...She's stunned because she can't bring herself to reject Lee's suggestion immediately.

Bang bang bang!

Soldier: We found them! The two Dolls that were reported through comms!

Soldier: They're just ahead! Don't let them escape!

Lee Enfield: The patrols! Quick, get behind cover!

Lee Enfield: Once I engage them, retreat right away, you understand?!

Gepard M1: I...I...!

Lee Enfield pulls back the bolt on her rifle and charges ahead without a backward glance.

Boom!!

...

In the Griffin base.

Springfield: Just put it there.

MDR: Oof... Woohoo, finally!

Gr MP7: I'm beat... Say, why do I have to partake in such a hassle?

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard silently lugs a supply crate into an abandoned depot that isn't usually in use. She turns around and watches her colleagues, who are still working diligently despite their grumbling.

Springfield: I'm really sorry, but Miss Kalina is currently on leave.

Springfield: So Miss Helian is personally in charge of pretty much everything at the base.

Springfield: If we didn't resort to being just a bit sneaky, she'd have found out about our mischief right away.

MDR: How many Dolls have you roped into this?

Springfield: Hm, pretty much everyone at the base is involved.

Springfield: Miss NTW and her team gathered all these supplies on an expedition.

Springfield: I have also asked Miss Lee and Miss Kar to keep an eye on Miss Helian's movements to make sure she doesn't notice what we're up to.

Gr MP7: ...Truly, you are a genius in organizing surprise parties.

Gepard M1: Everyone's fired up.

Gepard remarks quietly as she turns around and looks at the others after locking up the depot.

Gr MP7: It's exhausting, but we're doing this for Miss Helian after all.

Gr MP7: I don't mind taking this seriously... Besides, I'd rather die than let that rat do a better job than me.

MDR: Miss Springfield really does have a point.

MDR: Morale's so low at the base, it's about time we did something to spread some cheer.

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard walks past them and stops in front of Springfield.

Gepard M1: I'll take some food to Miss Lee and Miss Kar.

Gepard M1: They have to monitor Miss Helian on top of handling their own tasks, so they probably don't have the time to eat at the cafeteria.

Springfield: Oh, sure. Just a second.

Noticing Gepard's discomfort, Springfield politely bids the other two Dolls farewell and sends them off to their posts.

Springfield: I'll go with you.

Gepard M1: Huh...?

Gepard looks confused as Springfield walks up to her again.

Springfield simply smiles wordlessly as she holds up a lollipop.

Springfield: Gr MP7 left you this.

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard takes the lollipop wrapped in plastic wrapping and pauses in silence.

Gepard M1: ...Why? She's always very protective over her own sweets.

Springfield: Perhaps she's noticed that you look a little uneasy, and perhaps she cares more about you than her sweets.

Gepard M1: Me...? Uneasy?

Springfield: You look a lot cooler with your new upgrade.

Springfield: But you've also become more of an open book, I think?

Gepard M1: ...Is it really that obvious?

Gepard touches her own face.

Springfield: Both Gr MP7 and MDR are very worried about you.

Springfield: Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to force you into participating after all.

Gepard M1: I don't feel like I've been forced.

Springfield: You've always been so soft-hearted, Miss Gepard.

Springfield: Even if you really hate something, you'd never say it out loud.

Springfield: You're ever so kind and considerate.

Gepard M1: ...Am I?

Springfield: You're always toiling away silently even when others don't notice.

Springfield: Last Christmas, when everyone was busy, it was you who secretly helped me trim the Christmas tree, wasn't it?

Springfield: It's the same today – you stacked up all the supplies while Gr MP7 and MDR were chatting away.

Gepard M1: It's not like I had anything else to do.

Springfield: ...

Springfield smiles faintly at Gepard.

Springfield: You never joined in on their conversation.

Springfield: Even when they tried to involve you, you only gave curt replies.

Springfield: Why? I thought you got along with Gr MP7 and MDR?

Gepard M1: ...

Springfield: This is my conjecture... Maybe, you've already made your mind about wanting to leave.

Springfield: Still, you're not the type to estrange yourself from your friends because of such reasons.

Springfield: Which leads me to suspect that this may actually be why you want to leave in the first place.

Gepard M1: I...

Springfield: Yes?

Gepard M1: ...At this point, I feel that...

Gepard M1: I don't really fit in.

Springfield: You don't really fit in? Why do you think so?

Springfield: Nobody's leaving you out of things deliberately, I hope?

Gepard M1: Certainly not... Nothing has changed at all.

Gepard M1: No matter what we've been through, I know I can always count on my Griffin companions.

Gepard M1: This is what I wished for – I had hoped that after all the crazy stuff that has happened, Griffin would return to the way it was.

Springfield: So...what exactly didn't meet your expectations?

Gepard M1: Nothing has changed, but everything is different.

After hesitating between the teabags and the coffee beans, Gepard eventually reaches for the teabags.

Miss Lee probably prefers this, she thinks.

Gepard M1: Griffin is supposed to be a place where I feel at ease.

Gepard M1: In human terms, it's a "comfort zone" for me.

Gepard M1: I'm sure everyone would agree that it is very rare for us Dolls to have an employer that treats us with such respect.

Gepard M1: Let alone someone like the Commander, who even gives us a salary.

Springfield smiles approvingly at Gepard's choice of beverage and proceeds to pick out Lee Enfield's and Kar98k's favorite pastries.

Springfield: That's precisely why we are willing to risk our lives for the Commander.

Gepard M1: But to be honest, I don't know if that's my reason for risking my life.

Gepard M1: Actually, I can't even say for sure if I am willing to risk my life at all.

Springfield: ...Is that the source of your frustration?

Gepard M1: ...These thoughts have plagued me for a while, and they won't fade away, Miss Springfield.

Gepard M1: If I hold such doubts, am I truly a part of Griffin?

Gepard M1: I think I care more about myself than everyone else.

Springfield: You...

Springfield halts at the end of the hallway and turns around to look at Gepard with concern.

She is just about to say something when someone speaks from around the corner.

Lee Enfield: Miss Springfield? Is that you?
Part 3

3

...

Gepard M1: (Pants)

Soldier: This is where they've been spotted! Keep your eyes peeled! Don't let them escape, no matter what!

Gepard pants heavily behind cover, clinging to her own rifle for dear life.

She has plenty of ammo and even received a bandolier full of explosives from Lee Enfield.

Gepard M1: What should I do... What should I do...?

If she can get out of this, she may just make it back alive.

Gepard M1: ...

The military squad circles around the area constantly.

They've tracked her down to here and located her rough position.

As such, she has nowhere to run.

Gepard M1: ...Is this what I get for acting without permission?

She just wants to live.

Soldier: ...!!

Gepard M1: ...!!

Just as Gepard is trying to catch her breath, the piece of obstacle she is hiding behind gets torn apart.

For a split second, her mind goes completely blank. By the time she snaps out of it, the soldier has already raised his gun.

Gepard M1: No...!!

Bang bang bang!

A bullet hits Gepard in the leg, and in response, she lunges forward and slits the soldiers throat with her knife.

Soldier: Over here! We got her! A Griffin Doll!

Soldier: Don't let her slip away! Get her!

Soldier: What about her friend?!

Soldier: She's alone! I repeat – she's on her own!

Gepard M1: I'm sorry... I'm sorry, Lee... I'm so sorry...

Without even stopping to pick up the rifle she dropped, Gepard breaks into the sprint after killing the soldier.

She is just a Doll. She has practically no hope of survival on a battlefield like this.

But even so, she is desperate to live – desperation that does not befit a Doll.

Do Dolls deserve death just because they are Dolls?

Gepard M1: Just a bit farther... Just a bit more...!!

Bang!

...

Springfield: Oops, are we interrupting something, Lee?

Kar98k: Not at all. The target is currently writing a report. We are relatively free at the moment.

Gepard M1: ...

The two Dolls have unknowingly entered Lee Enfield and Kar98k's surveillance zone, and since they are conversing rather loudly, they aren't exactly difficult to spot.

Lee Enfield: Miss Gepard?

Gepard M1: Lee... Are you monitoring Miss Helian?

Kar98k: Refer to her as "the target", rookie.

Kar98k: Show some professionalism.

Gepard M1: Uh, sure.

Gepard offers them the teabags she has picked out with some apprehension.

Lee Enfield: ...Thank you? But we don't really have time to make a brew.

Gepard M1: You need rest.

Gepard M1: You can find teacups and hot water in the office next door.

Springfield: Miss Gepard is right. We can't have you doing extra work all the time.

Springfield: Since Miss Helian is focusing on her report, why don't you use this opportunity to catch a break?

Lee Enfield: But...if she decides to stop and leave her office while we're away...

Lee Enfield: She may find out about our plan.

Kar98k: Are you perhaps unhappy with our work...?

Gepard M1: No, but I can stand in for a while.

Springfield: Miss Gepard?

Springfield stares at Gepard with surprise. It then occurs to her that Gepard could be trying to get out of continuing their previous conversation.

Lee Enfield: ...Miss Gepard, eh?

Lee Enfield: Well, I don't mind leaving it to you.

Gepard M1: You really do need rest.

Gepard M1: You are being put in charge of something so important on top of your regular duties.

Gepard M1: It would be counterproductive if you are over-fatigued.

Gepard M1: Let me do something to help, no matter how insignificant.

Kar98k: She has a point, Lee.

Lee Enfield: Hm... Alright.

Lee Enfield: Then may I trouble you with brewing some tea for us, Miss Springfield?

Springfield: It would be my pleasure.

After a brief discussion, Lee Enfield and Kar98k exchange a nod and decide to follow Springfield to the nearby office for a short break.

Gepard M1: Miss Lee.

Lee Enfield: Yes?

Just then, Gepard calls out softly to Lee Enfield.

Gepard M1: Do you remember...what happened on the battlefield afterwards?

Gepard M1: From what I've heard, we were operating together towards the end.

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee stops and stares at Gepard in confusion.

Lee Enfield: ...I'm sorry, I only woke up not long ago myself.

Lee Enfield: I have no recollection of what happened on the battlefield.

Gepard M1: I see... Sorry for taking up your time.

Lee Enfield: No, it's alright.

As Lee turns and walks away, Gepard takes a deep breath and grips the resignation letter in her pocket tightly.

She too, turns around and looks at the door to Helian's office.

...Once she submits this, she will be able to leave this place, this very place that makes her feel like she doesn't belong.

...

Helian: Enter.

Gepard M1: ...Sorry to intrude.

Gepard's hand clutches at the resignation letter tensely as she goes into the office.

Helian: ...Gepard? How may I help you?

Sitting on her office chair, Helian spins around to peer at Gepard, a fountain pen in her hand and a stack of documents lying on the desk.

Her fatigue is apparent even through her monocle – there are dark rings around her eyes.

Gepard M1: I...

Helian: Right, how do you find your newly upgraded body? Have you grown used to it yet?

Gepard M1: ...Oh.

The interruption takes Gepard by surprise. With her jaw slackened, she stands frozen with her hand still gripping the letter.

Helian: I'm sorry. There has been such mayhem around the base these days I may have overlooked some of you.

Helian: With Kalina away, I'm not exactly on top of things here.

Despite her exhaustion, Helian's eyes are no less kind than ever.

Gepard M1: T-thank you for your hard work. I have no issues here.

Gepard M1: My body is in excellent condition and my performance in training has improved a great deal.

Helian: That's good to hear.

Gepard grasps at the letter.

Helian rubs her eyes and slowly gets up from her chair with a smile.

Gepard M1: I would like to—

Helian: Your vacation has been arranged.

Gepard freezes just as she is about to take the letter out of her pocket.

Gepard M1: ...Pardon?

Helian: Kalina has told me all about each and every one of you.

Helian: I know you are very concerned about working overtime and when you will get a vacation.

Helian: Don't worry... I will take care of it.

Gepard M1: ...There are so many things to be done at the base... Why am I getting special attention?

Gepard M1: Can you really spare the effort?

Helian: You are not getting special attention.

Helian: It's true that the base isn't doing particularly well at the moment.

Helian: However, both the Commander and Kalina insist on treating all the Dolls with due respect.

Helian: I wholeheartedly agree with them... Even Dolls deserve timely rest.

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard looks silently at Helian.

Springfield's plan has obviously been going well – Helian is completely oblivious to their covert operation.

Her tenth anniversary party.

Helian: Gepard?

Ten years...

Gepard takes a breath.

Gepard M1: ...These teabags are for you. Please make sure you get enough rest yourself.

Gepard shoves the resignation letter back into her pocket and instead takes out the extra teabags she is carrying. She then puts the kettle on and brews a cup of tea for Helian.

Helian: Uh... Thanks?

Gepard's stiff and abrupt action leaves Helian scratching her head, but she still gladly accepts this gesture of kindness.

Gepard places the cup of tea on Helian's desk and beats a hasty retreat from her office.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

Springfield: Welcome... Oh?

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard enters the Café and gingerly sits down at the bar table.

Springfield: What can I get you?

Gepard M1: A coffee, please.

Springfield takes the order and hums to herself as she turns around. Soon she returns with a cup of coffee.

Gepard wraps both of her hands around the cup as usual and breathes in the sweet aroma.

Gepard M1: Shouldn't you be at the party venue? It's almost time.

Springfield: The party is important, but I can't just leave my work at the Café either.

Springfield: I've already arranged everything. The others will deliver this wonderful surprise to Miss Helian.

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard flinches a little.

Gepard M1: In the end... I didn't submit my resignation.

Springfield: Hm?

Springfield looks surprised.

Gepard M1: That day, I was planning to take the matter directly to Miss Helian.

Gepard M1: But the moment I saw her, I couldn't bring myself to discuss it with her.

She takes a sip.

Springfield: Why?

Gepard M1: ...

She puts down her coffee and drums her fingers on the table.

Gepard M1: ...I don't know. I'm not sure.

Gepard M1: I want to leave because I feel like I don't belong here.

Gepard M1: But Miss Helian, the Commander, Kalina, you, and even all the others...

Gepard M1: Everyone is happy to accept me for what I am.

Gepard M1: This puts me at ease... But at the same time, it causes me great anguish.

Springfield: Anguish?

Gepard M1: I don't think I deserve this.

Springfield: Why should one need to earn such treatment, Gepard?

Springfield: What exactly would make you worthy of "deserving" this?

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard falls silent again. She only speaks again after a long pause.

Gepard M1: I... am very bothered by the memory I've lost.

Gepard M1: I don't know what I did in the end. Maybe, maybe I didn't actually do anything?

Springfield: You fought to the very end.

Gepard M1: Who can prove that?

Springfield: ...

Gepard takes another sip of her coffee.

Gepard M1: I ran through the scenario again in my neural cloud... and I've reached a conclusion.

Gepard M1: I might have fled from the battlefield.

Springfield: What...?

Gepard M1: I could be a deserter, Miss Springfield.

Gepard M1: I believe that was very likely what I did, and that was what caused Miss Lee to be killed in action.

Gepard M1: With her skills, she could've survived that.

Gepard M1: I abandoned her, and fled all on my lonesome... In that critical moment, the only one I thought for was myself.

Springfield: You did no such thing.

Springfield's face grows stern.

Springfield: Tactical Dolls do not flee from battle.

Gepard M1: I'm just an ordinary Doll. I am a hindrance on the battlefield.

Springfield: ...

Gepard M1: Logically speaking, this possibility cannot be dismissed altogether.

Gepard M1: Miss Lee led me on as we retreated from the Military's bombardment.

Gepard M1: If I had been injured, she would not have left me behind.

Springfield: ...I don't think that's a problem.

Springfield: Leaving aside whether that was what actually happened...

Springfield: I believe even if the situation had been reversed, you would have done exactly the same thing.

Gepard M1: ...This is precisely what makes me so uneasy.

Gepard gazes at Springfield.

Gepard M1: Would I, really?

Gepard M1: Do I really care more about you than myself?

Springfield: ...

Springfield looks wistfully at the troubled Gepard.

Springfield: Of course you would.

Gepard M1: ...If only I could be so certain.

Gepard was about to say more, but then, she catches sight of the clock on the wall.

Gepard M1: ...It's almost time.

Springfield: ...You're right.

Springfield turns to look at the clock as well, leaving the conversation hanging for the moment.

Springfield: ...

Springfield mulls over her words as she watches the clock hand tick on, trying to come up with something to say.

Springfield: So are you still planning to submit your resignation?

Gepard M1: I'll wait till after the party.

Gepard stares at the clock. The second hand has almost completed the final revolution.

Gepard M1: Thank you for everything you've done for me, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: ...If it's at all possible...

Springfield: I hope you will reconsider.

Gepard M1: No matter how long and hard I think on it, I can't find a way to confirm what I would or wouldn't do.

Gepard M1: Rather than be tormented by this uncertainty, I should just make the right choice.

Springfield: But the right choice is—

BOOM!!!!!!

Just then, the entire Café is torn apart with a loud explosion.

Gepard M1: Watch out!!!

BOOM!!

Springfield: Huh?!

A giant pile of rubble comes crashing down from above and almost crushes Springfield.

Gepard vaults over the bar table and drags her away just in time.

Gepard M1: An enemy attack?!

Springfield: This...

More explosions follow in quick succession. The earth shakes as the base comes under a forceful attack.

Shielding Springfield with her own body, Gepard's eyes widen as she watches a wall collapse right before her in flames.

With the wall in shambles, a scene of utter devastation is revealed to her.

Gepard M1: We're being raided... Who could it be?

Gepard M1: Why would anyone attack a Griffin base?

Springfield: ...Someone who possesses this level of armament in the Neo-Soviet Union...

Springfield: And who is openly hostile towards Griffin.

Gepard M1: ...!!

Gepard M1: ...The Military? But why? I... Uh... We...?

Memories concerning the events at the submarine base—memories that are not present within Gepard's neural cloud—seem to have been awakened.

Gepard M1: No, impossible... Yegor...is dead.

Springfield: That's true, but...this is the only explanation.

Springfield: Look over there! A squad is coming this way!

Gepard M1: ...That's the Military's uniform.

Gepard M1: So... it really is true...

The two sharp-eyed Dolls spot the rapidly approaching military squad from a short distance away following the bombardment.

Springfield picks up her rifle and watches as the Dolls standing guard outside get blown to smithereens by the incoming enemies.

Springfield: We must contact the base... Oh, comms are down.

Springfield: Did they carpet bomb the entire place? Or was it limited to this area...?

Springfield: How many casualties are there...? We must inform those who are unaware of the situation... Also...

Even the usually cheerful Springfield is unnerved.

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard stares at the scene in a daze.

She seems utterly dumbstruck.

Springfield: Oh, we must also contact Miss Helian and Mr. Kryuger...

Springfield: We'll have to cross that empty space to reach the hall from here. There's no way we can avoid these soldiers...

Gepard M1: Miss Springfield.

Springfield: ...Yes?

Gepard M1: ...I will draw their attention.

Gepard M1: Regroup with our forces while I distract them.

Springfield: What?!

Springfield: No! You just got repaired and upgraded! If you fall here again...

Gepard M1: I will not fall.

All of Gepard's doubts seem to have vanished. She looks calm and resolute.

Gepard M1: Once I've bought you some time, I'll give them the slip.

Gepard M1: Then I'll join you... I can't really explain it...

Gepard M1: But somehow I have a feeling I can do this.

Springfield: W-What do you mean?

Springfield stares at Gepard dubiously.

Gepard M1: ...Stay alive, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Wait!! Gepard!!

BOOM!!!

Ignoring Springfield's exclamation, Gepard picks up her rifle and charges out from behind cover.

In just the blink of an eye, she has taken the lives of two of the closest soldiers with her combat knife.

The next second, a bullet fired from her rifle whizzes across the fiery battlefield and accurately takes out the enemy field commander.

Soldier: An ambush! It's a Doll! I repeat – we're dealing with an elite Doll! Get her!

Gepard M1: (Pants)

This sense of déjà vu...

My body knows exactly what to do without any thought.

...This powerful body is forged for this exact moment.

Gepard M1: This time... you won't catch me.

...

Gepard M1: No, that isn't quite right.

Gepard gives her head a vigorous shake to dismiss that idea.

Gepard M1: I can't leave you behind, Lee.

Lee Enfield: ...This isn't the time for sentimentality, Gepard!

Lee Enfield: We can't both make it out of here! One of us has to stay and buy time for the other!

Gepard M1: ...I understand.

Gepard M1: So let me distract them for you.

Gepard M1: You can still reach our line of defense in time.

Lee Enfield: What?

Lee Enfield is taken aback.

She never thought she would hear this from Gepard.

Gepard M1: I... very much want to live. I... don't want to die at all.

Gepard M1: I'm just a Doll, but Griffin as taught me that even Dolls can live a happy life.

Gepard grips Lee Enfield's hand.

Gepard M1: I'm just an ordinary Doll. I'm nowhere near as outstanding as you.

Gepard M1: But there are still things that I can do – things that I can do for Griffin.

Lee Enfield: No... I won't let you! You'll die, Gepard!

Gepard M1: The Commander needs you more right now.

Having already lost half of her functionality, Lee is easily pinned down by Gepard.

Gepard M1: I'm sure Miss Kalina will be able to fix you.

Lee Enfield: I am your superior, Gepard! Obey your order! Let go of me!!

Lee Enfield: I'm a Doll just like you! You don't have to do this!

Gepard M1: ...I'm sorry.

In response to Lee Enfield's vehement protests, Gepard simply lets out a long sigh.

Gepard M1: ...I really, really like you all at Griffin.

Gepard M1: Even T-Dolls deserve to live.

Lee Enfield: Come back, Gepard!! Come back!!!

Gepard seizes all the explosives on Lee Enfield, grabs her rifle, and dashes out from behind cover straight to the battlefront.

...

Gepard M1: (Pants)

Gepard M1: Anybody here?

Gepard asks weakly as she limps through the door to the hall and leans against the door frame.

Springfield: Miss Gepard?!

Springfield runs up to her anxiously and helps her across the room.

Gepard M1: I'm glad you're okay, Miss Springfield...

GSh-18: You've taken a lot of damage. Here, lie down and let me treat you.

Gepard M1: Thank you... Where's Miss Helian?

GSh-18: She has gone with Ingram to get Miss Persica. Miss Springfield told me you ran ahead to draw the enemy away all by yourself?

GSh-18: That's terribly reckless! You could've been a goner if you weren't careful, you know?

Gepard M1: Yeah...

Springfield stands next to Gepard's bed and peers at her with concern. Gepard shifts her gaze up to the ceiling.

Gepard M1: It's true, I didn't think I could pull it off with my skills.

Gepard M1: Good thing my body was augmented... Miss Springfield?

Springfield: I'm here. What is it?

Springfield takes Gepard's hand and answers with her gentle and reassuring voice.

Gepard M1: I...tossed my resignation letter into the fire.

Gepard M1: Can we forget I ever mentioned it?

Springfield: ...Hm? Whatever are you talking about?

Gepard M1: Thank you... Ugh, let me catch a wink.

She slowly closes her eyes now that her restless mind is finally at peace.

...She does belong here – forever.