...At the Griffin base.

IDW: I have arrived! This should be where my new echelon is based!

IDW: I wonder what kind of T-Dolls my new teammates are?

IDW: In any case, I should go in and have a look first!

In the T-Doll dormitory.

IDW: Good afternoon! Is anybody here?!

IDW: The lady over there, please look this way!

IDW: Hmm... she doesn't seem to have noticed me... Guess I'll just head over and say hi.

IDW saunters over to the T-Doll sitting next to the bar top.

IDW: Hello!

???: Uwah!

???: Who is it?!

???: Oh... you scared the life out of me. I almost spilled my tea.

???: Um...you are...?

IDW: IDW da-nyan!!

IDW: The Commander asked me to report here!

???: Da...da nyan?

???: Ah... so you are the T-Doll that'll be joining us today.

L85A1: I'm L85A1, a pleasure. We'll be on the same echelon from now on, I look forward to working together.

IDW: Okay nyan! Nice to meet you, L85A1!

???: What's going on down there? Pipe down, will you?

L85A1: Bren, our new teammate is here.

IDW: Hello! I'm IDW, I'll be a member of the echelon from meow on da-nyan!

Bren: This noisy twerp... is the one they sent to bolster our numbers?

Bren: Is HQ running out of dolls?

IDW: I may not look like much, but I'm a professional bodyguard!

Bren: A little runt like you? ...Hard to imagine.

Bren: We're about to start a new mission, so focus on taking care of yourself.

IDW: I'm perfectly capable, thank you very much!

???: Then prove your worth in combat, rookie.

L85A1: Whoa!

L85A1: Phew... it's you, Captain.

L85A1: Goodness, don't just appear without a word...

Welrod MkII: Being difficult to detect is the nature of my job.

Welrod MkII: Now isn't the time for chit-chat. We have a new assignment.

Welrod MkII: Gear up and regroup in three hours.

Three hours later.

IDW: I got a mission the moment I arrived. Lucky me!

IDW: Heheh, time for me to show off!

Welrod MkII: Bren and L85A1, you two are responsible for eliminating the enemies, and I'll be conducting reconnaissance.

Welrod MkII: If you've understood your responsibilities, we're heading out.

IDW: What about me, Captain?

Welrod MkII: Oh right, you...

Welrod MkII: Just follow them and give them cover if needed.

Bren: Humph, I'm more than enough on my own.

IDW: I'll give you fantastic cover and show you what a professional bodyguard is made of!
Part 2

2

...

IDW: ...I can't hear any more gunfire.

IDW: Is the fight... over?

Panicky female voice: ...Are you alright, IDW?!

Panicky female voice: Bren... what should we do? She's very badly damaged!

IDW: Hmm... who's that...?

IDW: I can't... open my eyes...

Snobbish female voice:

Snobbish female voice: Losing her neural cloud record the moment she came... What a handful...

Snobbish female voice: Here, I have a quick repair kit. Fix her up.

IDW opens her eyes.

L85A1: Thank goodness. She looks alright now...

IDW: Did we win, L85A1?

L85A1: Of course we did... but don't worry about that now.

L85A1: You almost didn't make it... I was really worried.

Bren: I wouldn't really care, but I sure as hell don't want to hear her introduce herself again.

L85A1: Don't say that, Bren. She was covering us...

Bren: Those who overestimate themselves would only cause trouble when they try to play the hero.

IDW: I... didn't want to cause trouble for everyone.

IDW: I was just trying to fulfill my duty as a bodyguard...

Bren: But can you actually protect anyone?

Bren: You almost got destroyed in that little fight.

Bren: I suppose you got kicked out of your last echelon because you're so useless.

IDW: I...I'm not useless!

IDW: Besides, it's a bodyguard's job to do everything within their power to protect everyone!

Bren: Only these with strength can have the right to speak of protecting others.

L85A1: Bren, where are you going?!

Bren: The captain needs some help. I'm heading over.

Bren: I'll leave this deadweight to you.

Bren storms off.

L85A1: IDW... don't mind her. Bren has always been like that...

L85A1: Can you walk? I'll help you up.

IDW: Ahaha... I'm fine.

IDW: It's true... I'm pretty weak... and unappealing...

IDW: The last echelon I was in didn't pay much attention to me either because I couldn't help them much...

L85A1: But you were very brave.

L85A1: I wouldn't dare to even think about charging out and drawing enemy fire like that.

IDW: Even if I look useless... I still want to help.

IDW: Why was I even made if I'm so useless?

L85A1: The reason why we're made... I'm not too sure about such things.

L85A1: But I think the fact that we're here means Griffin has a use for us.

IDW: You really think so?

L85A1: Otherwise we'd have been sent off to be downgraded to civilian Dolls, right?

IDW: Yeah...

IDW: Thanks for comforting me, L85A1. I'll work harder to make myself useful!

L85A1: We're teammates, of course we'll help each other.

L85A1: Get yourself repaired and join us in battle soon.

IDW: Okay, I'll be back as soon as I can!
Part 3

3

A few days later, Welrod's echelon engages Sangvis Ferri in another battle.

Bren: Being cut off here is really bad...

L85A1: Bren, I've locked all the emergency exits behind us.

L85A1: We can only pray that they don't have enough manpower left to flank us...

IDW: Uwaah! I almost got hit...

IDW: Bren, I'm out of ammo!

Bren: ...SHUT UP.

Bren: Can't this annoying cat stop meowing even for a second?!

IDW: But we're pinned down by heavy fire! If we stay here, we'll run out of ammo and rations soon!

Bren: Tell me something I don't know!

A voice comes through the comms channel.

Welrod MkII: Bren, what's your sitrep?

Bren: Our intel was off. Sangvis Ferri have us cornered in the fire escape within the abandoned base.

Welrod MkII: I've also run into more scoundrels than expected. It'll take some time to exterminate them.

IDW: In other words... you can't help us?

Welrod MkII: Not at the moment, I'm afraid.

Welrod MkII: I'll send you the blueprint of the base. Try to think of something.

Bren: I have a general idea about the terrain around us. There's no way out!

IDW: Let me take a look. There may be something we overlooked!

Welrod MkII: That's right, IDW, It's time to make use of your intellect!

IDW: Don't worry, Captain, I will never give up, even to the end!

Welrod MkII: I have the utmost faith in you, all of you. The light within your hearts will surely pierce through the darkness ahead!

IDW: Oooooooh! I'm feeling so inspired right now!

Bren: You two...

Bren: Get along surprisingly well.

IDW: C'mon, Miss Bren! We can definitely finish off these mechanical abominations!

Bren: Wait, where's this confidence coming from...?!

Welrod MkII: Go forth, the moment is here to protect the righteousness within you! Hold on till I make my way over to you!

Bren: ...Wait a second, Captain!

Welrod ended the transmission. At the same time, everyone received a copy of the blueprint.

L85A1: ...For some reason, I feel completely hopeless.

L85A1: Ugh...I'm dying for a cup of earl grey.

L85A1: I even bought a new tea set last week...

Bren: Pull yourself together, L85A1!

Bren: We must focus our attention on thinking of a way to break through.

L85A1: But what could we do...?

L85A1: I only have two magazines left. We can't expect any reinforcement from the Captain...

L85A1: We'll be shot the moment we peek out. Trying to break through by force is basically suicide...

Bren: Dammit... Is there nothing we can use nearby...?

IDW: Nyahahaha...

Bren: IDW, have you lost it? Why are you laughing like an idiot...?

IDW: Leave your escape to the professional bodyguard, ladies!

Bren: Sheesh! What's with the shouting? You scared the crap out of me!

Bren: This also is hardly the time to talk big!

IDW: I'm not just talking big!

IDW: According to the blueprint, there's a ventilation duct throughout this passage.

IDW: We can sneak out by crawling through it!

Bren: Ventilation duct...? Can we even fit inside?

L85A1: We should at least give it a try!

IDW: Hurry! If we're careful, they shouldn't notice us!

IDW consults the blueprint to find the hatch.

IDW: There, that's the hatch!

IDW: Let me take down this panel first...

L85A1: It looks really cramped in there...

L85A1: No, there's no way I can fit through that.

Bren: If even L85A1 can't fit, it's impossible for me.

Bren: Guess we've got no choice but to fight our way out!

IDW: Wait, let me try!

IDW: Yep, I can crawl through nyan!

Bren: So you are a cat after all...you can slip through anything...

Bren: But...

IDW: In that case, I'll go ahead first.

IDW: I'll then flank them from behind to draw their attention, you guys can breakout when they aren't paying attention to this place!

Bren: What are you thinking?! There's no way we'll let you go in there alone!

Bren: You'll be pulverized the moment you're out in the open.

IDW: Heheh, I'm a bodyguard.

IDW: Drawing fire might be the only thing I'm good at, but it's the least I could do to protect you!

Bren: ...Stupid cat, is your neural cloud fried or something?

IDW: Taking risks is my specialty. You have to let me do my thing every once in a while!

IDW: Now then, I'll see you in a bit~!

Bren: Hey, IDW! Hold on!

IDW slips into the ventilation duct and crawls forward carefully.

IDW: I know... I'm an idiot.

IDW: I'm weak... and unpopular... but I'm still worth something...

IDW: If I can just prove that...

IDW crawls out of the vent.

IDW: I'll find a place to belong, right?

IDW: You Sangvis idiots! The professional bodyguard is here!

...

One hour later, the battle concludes.

As the echelon returns to base...

Bren: Hey, stupid cat, still alive?

IDW: Ugh...it hurts...

IDW: Huh? No more gunfire... Is the fight over?

Bren: For quite a while now.

Bren: Looks like your neural cloud is intact...lucky you.

IDW: Heheh...I guess I do get a little lucky once in a while!

Bren: You're still so cheerful even when you're missing limbs...

Bren: What did I do to deserve a teammate like you...?

Bren kneels down and carries IDW on her back.

IDW: Bren...

IDW: I thought you... hated me?

Bren: I simply have no interest in worthless weaklings.

Bren: But you... proved yourself useful to a certain extent.

Bren: ...For now.

L85A1: Just be honest with your feelings now, Bren.

Bren: Keep your eyes on the perimeter if you have time for chit-chat, L85A1.

Bren: It's hard to fight with this stupid cat on my back!

L85A1: Mhmm, I know~

Bren: W-why are you grinning like that?!

L85A1: Ah...I'm just happy at the thought of a nice, warm cup of earl grey when I get back.

IDW: I want a cuppa too, L85A1!

L85A1: Sure thing.

L85A1: There are four cups in my new tea set, that's exactly enough for all of us.

Bren: But that'll have to wait till you come out of the repair bay, stupid cat.

IDW: Then I'm making a reservation for your tea. Oh, and your pastries too!

L85A1: Don't worry, IDW. You'll have your share of tea and pastries.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

L85A1: Hmm... perfect as always.

L85A1: Earl grey with pastries. The only way to spend a warm afternoon...

IDW: Ta-daaaaa!!

IDW: A brand new IDW is here da-nyan!

L85A1: Whoa! ...you scared the life out of me, I almost spilled my tea.

L85A1: IDW?! Is that really you?

IDW: Check this out, L85A1!

IDW: What do you think of my new gear?

L85A1: Very dashing. Where did you get those?

IDW: I put a lot of effort into getting stronger!

IDW: I asked the captain which areas I need improvement in and got Miss Kalin to give me a refit...

IDW: It costs a few months' worth of my salary, but it feels amazing to be stronger!

IDW: Don't I look more like a professional bodyguard now?

L85A1: Haven't you alwas been a professional bodyguard?

L85A1: But you do look more dependable now.

IDW: Heheh, I can't wait for a new mission...

IDW: Then I can show you all how much stronger I've become!

Bren: I was just wondering why it's so noisy... I see the stupid cat is back.

IDW: Bren, I'm a far cry from how I used to be!

Bren: You'll be shot like a beehive again if you get too cocky.

IDW: Humph, you're just jealous of my new gear.

Bren: I'll be jealous if you achieve some enviable results on the battlefield.

Bren: I was going to drag your lazy bum off for some training...

Bren: But seeing that you just came back, you can have a cup of L85A1's tea first.

IDW: I've been looking forward to it!

IDW: Uwaaaah, this tea tastes amazing!

IDW: And that's how I ended up staying in Captain Welrod's echelon...

IDW: Bren is always grumpy, L85A1 is a bit ditzy sometimes, and Captain Welrod often says weird things that no one understands...

IDW: But I live my days very happily! It feels great to have somewhere I belong!

IDW: I'll keep doing my best from meow on da-nyan!

L85A1: Like I said...what on earth is this whole "da-nyan" business...?