Clear Voice of a Girl: Once there were trees full of birds...

KSVK: Here it goes again. This singing voice...

KSVK: Who are you? What are you doing in the dream of an automaton?

Clear Voice of a Girl: Meadowlands vibrant with flowers... Carefree the songs our children once sang...

KSVK: It always stopped here. Will it be the same this time?

Clear Voice of a Girl: How was my singing, Helena?

KSVK: This is new.

???: Mhm, I'm sure Ms. James would love it.

KSVK: That voice...sounds very familiar.

Clear Voice of a Girl: You always address her so formally... Ash would be sad.

Clear Voice of a Girl: We're family!

???: Yes, you're right. But you're the one who cares for her mentally. I'm only in charge of her personal safety.

???: We each have our own job, right? Du...

KSVK: ...AH!

Kalina: Whoa!

Kalina: You scared me, KSVK!

KSVK: Sorry. It's always hard to tell reality and Level II apart when one is trapped in such a realistic dream...

Kalina: Were you having the same dream again?

KSVK: Yes. The mist in the dream cleared up and there seemed to be something new this time.

Kalina: I see... This is the second time we had to reorganize your neural cloud storage space.

Kalina: Your application may have been approved, but if you are so hung up on this recurring dream, we might not be able to go ahead with your neural upgrade.

KSVK: Does it affect the upgrade process?

Kalina: Not necessarily, but it's certainly a destabilizing factor. Before the upgrade, IOP runs a test on the subject to sieve through all the memories.

Kalina: If you are too fixated on the past, you could easily fail the test.

KSVK: I understand – one must face the past fearlessly before they can stride into the future.

KSVK: Miss Kalina, do you know about my past?

Kalina: Huh? You're all Dolls supplied by IOP. What about it?

KSVK: Other than Dolls manufactured by IOP, there are also refitted civilian Dolls working at Griffin, right?

KSVK: I believe...I was not a creation of IOP.

Kalina: Where did you suddenly get that idea?

KSVK: Our dreams are merely a manifestation of data reconstruction. We cannot possibly dream about things of which we have no recollection.

Kalina: I don't really know, to be honest.

Kalina: IOP would still make modifications on civilian Dolls before they report for duty at Griffin, just so they can grow accustomed to the battlefield more easily.

KSVK: If I lost my memories because of the modification, is it possible to retrieve those memories?

Kalina: I'll need to file a request... There has never been a precedent for something like this.

KSVK: So there's no guarantee we could even find the memories?

Kalina: I'm afraid so...

KSVK: I see. But if we admit defeat before we even begin, we'll never find the answer.

KSVK: Please file a request for me.

Kalina: I'll ask the Commander how to get a clearance. Why don't you take a rest for now, KSVK?

KSVK: I'll see you soon then, Miss Kalina.

...

Incoming transmission.

Kalina: Commander, could you spare a minute? I need to ask you about something.

Kalina: KSVK wants to find her memory records from before her employment at Griffin. Can I have your permission to do that?

Commander: ......
If choice 1 was picked

Kalina: Awesome! Then I'll submit a request immediately!
If choice 2 was picked

Kalina: ...But isn't that a bit cruel?

Kalina: Her neural upgrade could fail if you reject her. Would you change your mind?

Kalina: Thank you!

...

Clear Voice of a Girl: What do you think about my painting, Helena?

???: Mhm, I'm sure Ms. James would love it.

Clear Voice of a Girl: There you go again! Why won't you ever call her by her first name—

???: Alright, alright. Ms. Ash would love it.

Clear Voice of a Girl: What else should I prepare for Ash?

???: Perhaps she'll never...

Clear Voice of a Girl: No! No, that can't possibly be true!

Clear Voice of a Girl: If you say such things again, I'll get angry!

???: Fine... I think the painting is more than enough.

???: It's beautiful.

Clear Voice of a Girl: Of course! Ash taught me how to paint herself!

Clear Voice of a Girl: Hmm... If she comes back and visits us tomorrow, I'll paint another one for her in person.

???: Yes, that'll show her how much you've improved.

KSVK: ...

DP-12: Good morning, KSVK.

KSVK: This is...

DP-12: The repair bay. You suddenly crashed in combat so you were sent back here.

KSVK: Was I so engrossed in the past that I neglected the present...? Sorry.

KSVK: Are you also here for repairs?

DP-12: No, I'm here to see you.

KSVK: To see...

DP-12: KSVK, who am I to you?

KSVK: A colleague.

DP-12: Nothing else?

KSVK: ...

KSVK: Repetitious questions are meaningless, unless you're trying to tell me something.

KSVK: Did you...have something to do with my past?

DP-12: Indeed.

DP-12: KSVK, I am...

DP-12: Your mother.

KSVK: That's not funny.

DP-12: Oh, the smoke grenade didn't work.

KSVK: It's obvious – how can Dolls be related by blood?

KSVK: Any other relationships, I wouldn't have a problem believing, but you can't possibly be my mother.

KSVK: Anyone who buys into this must be an idiot or a delusional lunatic.

DP-12: How ruthless, KSVK.

DP-12: However...

KSVK: ...Or can Dolls actually have familial ties?

DP-12: ...

DP-12: Hahaha, oh dear! Hahaha, you actually believed it!

DP-12: Aren't you just adorable.

KSVK: ...

DP-12: Oh, don't be mad. Alright, I shouldn't have done that.

DP-12: Forgive me, okay? I did come to see you about a certain matter.

KSVK: Go ahead.

DP-12: I heard that you still haven't been given access to your past memories.

KSVK: That's true.

KSVK: But it's just an inevitable trial that I have to overcome.

DP-12: You think so?

DP-12: Then why would you get injured in battle while desperately trying to analyze your dream?

KSVK: ...

DP-12: I can help you, but I must first be certain about your thoughts.

DP-12: Tell me what you truly wish for, KSVK.

KSVK: I...I'm feeling lost and frightened.

KSVK: It has already been a week since the request was submitted. The other Dolls who were scheduled to have their neural upgrades along with me have all returned with their modifications complete, but I alone am still stuck at the first stage.

DP-12: I'm listening.

KSVK: I'm really worried... Has my neural upgrade application been suspended altogether?

KSVK: Because I'm not that important and hardly a priority for receiving this upgrade?

DP-12: What makes you think so?

KSVK: I can't think of any other reason.

KSVK: If I can't sort this out, my neural upgrade could fail... I don't want to gamble with Griffin's funds.

DP-12: So...you think this is the Commander's fault?

KSVK: Maybe the Commander doesn't need me all that much.

DP-12: But I for one think it is a gesture of kindness.

KSVK: So the Commander is kindly keeping me on the backup team and stopping me from making great contributions on the battlefield?

KSVK: Sure, that does put me in significantly less danger...

DP-12: Hmm... But unsolicited kindness is counterproductive.

DP-12: Is that what you believe?

KSVK: That's also how it is when it comes to interpersonal relationships.

KSVK: "I didn't want to upset you, so I kept it from you."

KSVK: But would the deceived person truly be happy about being spared the truth?

DP-12: You really want to know?

DP-12: Even if...the memories may not be what you expect?

KSVK: Before I actually regain the memories, I don't really know what to expect.

KSVK: But I made this decision, and I will not regret it.

DP-12: Well...

DP-12: You haven't changed at all.

KSVK: So you have known me for a long time?

DP-12: Have I? You'll have to see for yourself.

DP-12: Why don't you come with me to visit a place?

KSVK: We don't have permission to venture offsite, do we?

DP-12: Don't worry. I've talked to the Commander.

KSVK: Alright then.

DP-12: Even if I hadn't, seeing how soft-hearted our superior is, if I just grab the Commander's hand, bat my eyelashes, and say...

DP-12: "Please forgive me, will you?"

DP-12: ...I bet I'd be let right off the hook.

KSVK: Hold on, do we actually have permission?

DP-12: Relax. Despite everything I said, I'm still a rule-abiding Doll.
Part 2

2

...

The next day.

KSVK: Are we there yet?

DP-12: Yes, this is it.

KSVK: Such a desolate place...

KSVK: How long has it been abandoned?

DP-12: About three years, I think.

DP-12: This place used to be very quiet, so people built a sanatorium here.

DP-12: Once there were trees full of birds...Meadowlands vibrant with flowers...

KSVK: ...Carefree the songs our children once sang.

DP-12: You still remember this song.

KSVK: Someone was singing it in my dreams.

DP-12: Do you remember the rest?

KSVK: ...

DP-12: Clouds came and covered the sun...

DP-12: The breath of a baleful unease...turning to ashes flowers in their fields...

KSVK: ...Silenced the birds in their trees.

DP-12: This song is from an old CD recorded many, many years ago.

DP-12: It's allegedly a song from the soundtrack of some kind of game... A beautiful and tragic story that's very commonplace in real life these days.

KSVK: Was this sanatorium...also destroyed in some catastrophe?

DP-12: Collapse radiation. The contamination spread as the black clouds of death approached.

DP-12: In the end, they had to leave this place behind.

KSVK: I see.

KSVK: Did I spend time here as well?

DP-12: Yes, you worked here for several years.

DP-12: Come, go up this way.

KSVK: Can't we just jump up directly from here?

DP-12: The foundation of this building is severely corroded. It might all come crashing down with a stomp.

KSVK: Right. This way to the second floor?

DP-12: Yes, you go first. Fourth room on your left.

KSVK: ...

KSVK: Is this where I'll find my memories...?

KSVK: What exactly awaits me...?

Clear Voice of a Girl: Hahaha, Ash! Look, the sunflowers have bloomed!

KSVK: Is this...my memory?

Old Female Voice: You're right... Such a radiant color. My favorite flower...

KSVK: Ms...Ash.

KSVK: The ceiling is half-collapsed. There can't be anything valuable in here, right?

DP-12: Just have a look.

KSVK: Fine.

A few minutes later.

DP-12: Oh, this is still here.

KSVK: What? Wooden spikes?

DP-12: An easel. I'm going to lift this up; check if you can find anything underneath.

KSVK: There is something; let me get it out.

KSVK: ...Did I...paint this?

DP-12: You recognize it even with dirt all over it?

KSVK: It's just...a hunch.

KSVK flicks the dirt off the oil canvas.

KSVK: Winter Rider is Winner...

KSVK: ...ДушевнАЯ (Dushevnaya).

Low Male Voice: The new patient is quite a handful.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: When I was a kid, she was my favorite artist.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: I never thought I'd see this name in the hospital where I work. Could this possibly be fate...?

Low Male Voice: Wanna ask her for an autograph? It could still be worth a great deal, don't you think?

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: I'd love to, but you've seen her when she was admitted. If I go up to her, she'd probably slap me right in the face.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: What on earth has she gone through...?

Low Male Voice: Ash James, a British woman who married into a Russian family. Strongly attached to her home and extremely stubborn, she once refused to relocate to a safe zone, bringing a local construction to a standstill for several months.

Low Male Voice: During a trip to visit her, her son and his entire family were severely injured by a buried WWIII landmine. They are still hospitalized in the ICU to this day. The patient blames it all on herself, subsequently developing frequent self-harm tendencies and reacts violently to any attempt to approach her.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: ...Then the government sent her to this sanatorium.

Low Male Voice: We're sandwiched between the safe zone and the contamination zone. If the government doesn't work out something soon, this place will also become a wasteland in a few years.

Low Male Voice: This patient is from a well-to-do family. The government is basically giving us a chance to make some good money before this place is swimming in radiation and we're forced to make a living elsewhere...

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: Don't say that, Mr. Director. I'm sure the folks at the Academy of Sciences will come up with a solution, and this is just an ordinary patient.

Low Male Voice: ...Perhaps I was being paranoid. Back to the subject – the patient is highly aggressive and hardly an ordinary patient.

Low Male Voice: Assign a Nursing Doll to her.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: Yaya is already caring for an elderly patient so she probably can't handle another case... And Helena is a Security Doll. If we put her in charge of an old woman, they'll probably end up at each other's throats.

Low Male Voice: One of the new Dolls should still be idle, right? Let her try.

...

Ash: It was my fault. It's all my...

Ash: The green grass and red blossoms...the birds of the past...the garden and my family...

Knock knock knock. Someone is rapping on the door.

Ash: Scram! Leave me alone!

Clear Voice of a Girl: Ms. James, I am your new nurse.

Ash: I don't need a bloody nurse!

Clear Voice of a Girl: Ms. James...

Clear Voice of a Girl: I know that you are in very great pain, but your loved ones would be heartbroken to know that you're torturing yourself.

Ash: Heartbroken? Ha... Such audacity from a whelp like you.

Ash: Who'd be heartbroken?

Ash: My loved ones all died because of me!

Clear Voice of a Girl: Ms. James...

Ash: I can hear them... My son, my daughter-in-law, their child.

Ash: They whisper in my ears, moaning in agony... Being pierced by shrapnel is a lot more painful than what this little knife can do to me!

Clear Voice of a Girl: Please stop hurting yourself!

Ash: What can you do about it?!

Ash: Even if I die here, what of it? You won't lose a single penny because of that, will you?!

Ash: Or does your salary depend my life?!

Clear Voice of a Girl: That isn't the case... But this is hardly the time to explain.

Clear Voice of a Girl: Helena, help!

Ash: Whoa...!

Helena: Oops, I might've overdone it. Head in there.

???: Sorry for barging in like this... But you mustn't hurt yourself anymore.

Ash: Don't bother bandaging me. I'd hardly die from this.

???: No, your wounds must be treated. This is so sad...

Ash: Sad? Who'd be sad?

Ash: Who'd feel sad for a stubborn sack of old bones like me?

???: I would, Ms. James.

Ash: ...

???: This makes me really sad... My duty is to keep you company.

Ash: ...Sigh.

Ash: My granddaughter would probably have grown into someone like you, had she been given the chance.

???: If you don't mind, I can be your family.

???: There, your wounds are dressed. Please keep the area away from water until it heals. I will help bathe you for the time being.

Ash: Family...sigh.

Ash: If only these useless hands of mine could still protect something... Tell me, sweet child, what is your name?

???: Please call me Dushevnaya.
Part 3

3

Low Male Voice: How has Ms. James been doing lately?

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: Significantly better.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: She suffered from occasional attacks in the beginning, but Dushevnaya was always able to calm her down.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: Her condition has completely stabilized since a while ago. She may be discharged after further observation.

Low Male Voice: The other Nursing Doll has also been fantastic at her job.

Low Male Voice: Looks like I really need to keep up with the times. These juvenile-looking Dolls are so much more effective than regular Dolls in this line of work.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: I suppose they give old people a sense of comfort.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: They're so sweet, attentive, and understanding.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: "If I had a granddaughter, she'd be just like you."

Low Male Voice: That's why they aren't exactly cheap...

Low Male Voice: Ms. James even hired Helena as a private bodyguard. She really is filthy rich.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: There you go again...

Low Male Voice: I honestly don't understand. Is our sanatorium not safe enough for her? Why does she feel the need to hire Helena?

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: That's probably because...even though Ms. James is very protective of her home, she has never been one to stay put at a single place.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: What I mean is that she ventures out much more often than we expected.

Low Male Voice: Is that so?

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: Yes, they're also out today.

Low Male Voice: I have the outing record right here. Let me have a look.

Low Male Voice: Outing party – Ash James, Helena, Dushevnaya. Reason...

Low Male Voice: ...Painting?

Dushevnaya: Ash! Look, is my first layer okay?

Ash: You've improved a lot, my dear child.

Ash: It's such a bright and clear day today – perfect for a novice to grasp the difference between light and shadow.

Helena: Getting some sun is also good for your health, so please enjoy the weather.

Helena: ...If you'll excuse me.

Ash: I heard that too. A beastly growl...

Ash: Could it be the irradiated monsters?

Helena: I believe so, but don't worry, I won't let them anywhere near you and Dushevnaya.

Ash: Go. This is my only remaining family. I will keep her safe.

Ash: As for you...please keep the both of us safe.

Helena: Haha... That goes without saying. It's my job.

Helena jogs off.

Dushevnaya: Where is Helena going?

Ash: She's going to drive back some dark clouds.

Dushevnaya: Dark clouds?

Ash: That's right.

Dushevnaya: You mean the ones in the sky? But it's very sunny today.

Ash: It's a metaphor for bad things that a good girl doesn't need to know about.

Dushevnaya: Bad things? Then Helena will get rid of them!

Ash: Yes, Helena will protect us.

Dushevnaya: And I will protect you, Ash.

Ash: Good girl.

Dushevnaya: Helena and I searched the database yesterday.

Dushevnaya: We found a song from years ago that has your name!

Ash: Then it probably isn't a sweet song.

Dushevnaya: But you're sweet! Do you want to hear it?

Ash: Sure...

Helena: I'm back.

Dushevnaya: Welcome back, Helena! Thanks for that!

Helena: Ms. James, the sanatorium just received a transmission asking for you. You need to head back immediately.

Ash: Who would call these old bones?

Helena: It's the Municipal Hospital. Your family members' conditions have improved and they've regained consciousness...

Ash: That's impossible... They should be dead.

Ash: Didn't they die on their way...? I...I...

Ash: ...We must go back! I need to hear them speak!

Dushevnaya: Huh? But...

Ash: No buts! Come with me – now!

Dushevnaya: ...Okay...

Dushevnaya: Um...

Dushevnaya: ...Ash... Happy birthday.

Low Male Voice: Ms. James has already left.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: She checked out in such a hurry... She hasn't even fully recovered.

Low Male Voice: She must be very eager to be reunited with her family.

Low Male Voice: She thought they had all passed away, but now she suddenly learns that they're alive and want to see her...

Low Male Voice: She'd be content even if she keeled over on her way to the hospital.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: True, that's what family is like.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: But...what should we do about Dushevnaya? She's been standing in Ms. James' room in a daze ever since the old lady left, it's almost like she crashed...

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: Look, I've brought her over, but she is completely unresponsive.

Low Male Voice: That's typical of juvenile-type Nursing Dolls. They are far more innocent than humans and simply can't bear the grief of deaths or partings.

Low Male Voice: Even Dolls specialized in hospice care need to be re-formatted every once in a while.

Low Male Voice: This was Dushevnaya's first job. Submit a review to the supplier and send her back for a system reset.

Gentle and Concerned Female Voice: I suppose that's the only thing we can do...

Helena: Hold on, Mr. Director.

Sanatorium Director: What is it, Helena?

Sanatorium Director: Your mission is over now. Shouldn't you be off?

Helena: Yes, but I wish to discuss something with you...

Helena: I would like to purchase Dushevnaya.

Sanatorium Director: Helena, do you have any idea what you're talking about?

Helena: I do. I have enough savings to buy myself out, as well as Dushevnaya.

Helena: Of course, we have no identifications, so it would be great if you could allow us to remain affiliated with the sanatorium.

Sanatorium Director: As long as the sum is reasonable, I don't care who I'm selling to.

Sanatorium Director: But why are you doing this?

Sanatorium Director: Even you can't let go of this family charade?

Helena: Ms. James was only one of my many clients. Now that she has departed safely, my work is over.

Helena: But it's different for Dushevnaya... She treasures the time she spent with Ms. James dearly and considers us her family.

Helena: I can't just stand by and watch as she is forced to forget what matters to her again and again.

Sanatorium Director: So Dolls are capable of having such thoughts?

Helena: To us, memories are the proof of our existence. That's why we develop emotions out of our personality framework and make choices that may be different from what our factory settings dictate...

Helena: Isn't that the same for humans?

Sanatorium Director: It isn't exactly like that for humans. You could get a million answers if you asked a million different people.

Sanatorium Director: You may take Dushevnaya.

Helena: Thank you, Mr. Director.

Helena: I have transferred the money to the hospital's account. Please confirm the details.

Sanatorium Director: That's too much. Take back this extra sum.

Helena: But I sent the price you named before.

Sanatorium Director: Do you think I could bear to do this?

Sanatorium Director: This is exactly why I don't like Dolls that are too lifelike...

Sanatorium Director: I just can't help but treat you as fellow humans.

Helena: ...

Sanatorium Director: It's tough for an independent Doll to support two people's worth of expenses.

Sanatorium Director: Think of it as Dushevnaya's remuneration. She did a very good job.

Helena: Thank you.

Helena: Then we shall take our leave...

...

DP-12: Dushevnaya.

KSVK: ...Helena.

DP-12: It's DP-12 now. Are you alright?

KSVK: I...I remember now.

KSVK: Back then, I watched as Ash tottered away...and it felt like the sky came crashing down on me.

KSVK: She got her real family back, so she didn't need me anymore...

DP-12: That's not true.

KSVK: Then you took me away... My subsequent memories were all very fuzzy.

KSVK: I only remember that I envied you and wanted to be like you... Then...?

DP-12: We left together, Dushevnaya.

DP-12: Back then, you were deeply traumatized. You wouldn't stop singing that old song and you kept painting non-stop.

DP-12: Eventually, you started envying me and somehow got the idea that if you became like me, you would be needed, and people wouldn't abandon you so easily.

KSVK: Strength is a necessity.

KSVK: Fight and grow stronger – both physically and mentally.

KSVK: This has been my motto ever since I became KSVK...

DP-12: You also said as much in your letter.

KSVK: Letter?

DP-12: You said you wanted to become a Tactical Doll, and I told you you were fine just as you were.

DP-12: But you didn't give up. You left me a letter and ran away while I was at work.

KSVK: So you came looking for me at Griffin?

DP-12: I couldn't just leave you, both then and now.

DP-12: Now that I've found you, so long as I still have my memories, I will never let you out of my sight again.

KSVK: Oh...

DP-12: We should head back.

KSVK: Then let's go.

KSVK: I should probably...

DP-12: ...Wait, KSVK.

DP-12: There's something else I need to tell you...

KSVK: What is it?

DP-12: After you ran away, the sanatorium director gave me a letter.

KSVK: ...

DP-12: It was from Ms. James.

KSVK: ...

DP-12: You look like you're about to cry.

KSVK: Dolls don't cry.

DP-12: Right, tears are superfluous to Tactical Dolls.

DP-12: ...

DP-12: Look, KSVK.

KSVK: ...It's raining.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

A week later, at the Griffin base.

In the café.

DP-12: Do you serve alcohol?

Springfield: This is a café, nothing more and nothing less, so no, I'm afraid we don't serve alcohol.

DP-12: Then two flat whites for the Commander and me, please.

Springfield: Sure.

DP-12: Commander, had you known about Dushevnaya all along?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

DP-12: Then you must've seen quite a few things.

DP-12: Maybe even some secrets that aren't meant for anyone's eyes?
If choice 2 was picked

DP-12: I quite like it when you talk in riddles.

DP-12: Then I suppose you already know why I'm here.

DP-12: I did wonder why I was hired so readily...

Commander: Your capability and experience were what mattered at the end of the day.

DP-12: I guess so.

DP-12: I hear that Du...KSVK's neural upgrade went very smoothly.

Commander: She came to me and said she could finally face up to the past.

Commander: "I am who I am because I have the courage to embrace the past and the determination to grow stronger."

Commander: Then she set off.

DP-12: Haha...that was a brilliant impression. That does sound like something she would say, and in the end, she did it.

DP-12: What a good girl.

Commander: Our initial concern might have been unnecessary.

DP-12: Not exactly. It was wise to have delayed her application by a week, don't you think?

DP-12: If I had just gone up to her and told her the truth, she wouldn't have believed me.

Commander: How devious of you.

DP-12: I'm just speaking from experience.

DP-12: As you know, after she ran away, I found her many times...

DP-12: She couldn't have lasted too long in this brutal world with that body of hers. I may have saved her once, but I'm not always there to do that.

Commander: According to IOP's records, when they acquired her, her body was severely damaged, but her neural cloud was fully intact.

DP-12: She did her best to keep her own memories safe.

Commander: She managed to grow so strong all thanks to what happened in her past.

Commander: You don't have to be so worried anymore. Right now, she...

KSVK: Right now, I'm a completely new Doll.

DP-12: Wow, that's a surprise.

Springfield: Another cup of coffee?

KSVK: Thanks, Springfield! Just an orange juice for me, please.

Springfield: No problem.

Commander: Welcome back.

KSVK: Hello, Commander...and DP-12.

DP-12: Yes, welcome back.

DP-12: I didn't expect you to go with this appearance.

KSVK: I think this form suits me the best.

KSVK: One should neither forget the past nor fear the future.

KSVK: I am KSVK as well as Dushevnaya. I have my friends, and I have the Commander.

DP-12: I'm so glad.

KSVK: I also have you, Helena.

DP-12: ...Gosh, at least warn me before you say something like that.

DP-12: But the same goes for me. As long as I have you and everyone at Griffin, I'm content.

KSVK: By the way... I'd like to ask you for a favor, Commander.

KSVK: Please keep this safe for me.

Commander: A letter? Very few would write paper letters these days.

KSVK: Yes, that's why it means the world to me.

KSVK: It would get damaged in battle too easily, so I would like to leave it in your care for safekeeping.

Commander: Certainly.

DP-12: Do you ever plan on writing a reply?

KSVK: Isn't it nice to have family living elsewhere?

KSVK: Such thoughts and sentiments should be treasured.

DP-12: I'm sure she'd be very proud of you. Having a granddaughter who fights as the shining beacon in a brave new world sounds pretty impressive, don't you think?

Springfield: Your coffees and orange juice.

KSVK: What's this?

Springfield: An extra celebratory dessert on the house – specially prepared for KSVK's triumphant return.

KSVK: Thank you.

KSVK: Then to my friends, the past, and whatever the future may hold!

Everyone: Cheers!