...In the afternoon.

In the Griffin base.

Inside the Doll dorms.

Though it's a holiday, the monthly cleaning of the Griffin dorms makes it look like its occupants are preparing for war.

As usual, M60 walks up to the room next door by force of habit and pokes her head inside.

M60: Yo, Mk48, have you assigned everyone's duties yet?

Mk48: Oh, if it isn't, M60.

Mk48: I've handed them out for the time being... Although, you should take a look at this.

Mk48 shrugs as she leans against her mop. Then she tilts her head in the direction of the room, indicating that M60 should take a look.

M60: Tsk...she's always like this on this day of every month.

Inside the room, FF M249SAW is sprawled on her bed with a plush toy in her arms and a wad of gum in her mouth.

FF M249SAW: Is M60 here?

She greets M60 nonchalantly and gets up. Still chewing her gum, she squeezes through the two Dolls.

M60 can't take it anymore and calls out to her.

M60: Hey, they're going to rate the comfort level of our dorm, you know...?

FF M249SAW: I've already swept up my part.

FF M249SAW: I'll leave the rest to you guys... (Yawns) I'm so sleepy...

M60 turns to Mk48 and shoots her a sympathetic look. Mk48 nods back in silent acknowledgement.

Mk48: It can't be helped. That's just the way she is, and we're used to it.

Mk48: Besides, we've got LWMMG here, so SAW's been spoilt rotten by her.

LWMMG: Hm? Talking about me?

The sudden interjection startles Mk48 and M60.

LWMMG is standing near the dorm entrance, carrying two pails of water. Her face is placid, as usual.

M60: You...you scared the crap out of me, Lem.

M60: Speaking of which, your SAW skipped out on cleaning again, shouldn't you be keeping her in line?

LWMMG: ...I told you not to call me that.

LWMMG: And it doesn't matter. Work needs to be done, and since it doesn't matter who does it, it won't make a difference if I do it.

M60: Like I was saying, you kids have no sense of unity at all. How can you let them dump everything on you?

M60: Also, SAW ran off after muttering to herself, it's really worrying.

Mk48: If I may interrupt, I did my share of the work, so don't lump me in.

LWMMG: If it's SAW, she's probably blowing her gum in the backyard.

LWMMG: —Alright, alright, make way please, I still need to mop inside the room.

M60 hurriedly moves out of the way and lets LWMMG through.

She looks at the two big buckets of water in LWMMG's hands, then sighs and heads back to her own room.

...In the evening.

In the Griffin base.

As Mk48 circles around to the backyard, she sees FF M249SAW leaning against a column with her back to her. She's gazing at the sky in silence, save for the occasional, quiet popping sound.

Mk48 hesitates for a moment.

FF M249SAW: ...How long are you going to stand there, Mk48?

Mk48: Oh? You're actually starting a conversation with me? Is it not too tiring for you?

FF M249SAW: ...

Mk48: Speaking of which, LWMMG took care of your share of the cleaning, and the dorm was rated pretty well.

Mk48: That's all I came to tell you.

Mk48: Don't go back too late. If you're caught breaking curfew, LWMMG won't be able to cover for you again.

FF M249SAW: Humph, she's the one who said "we may be colleagues, but we're not that close."

FF M249SAW: So why is she acting like"I can help you with anything"?

FF M249SAW: Honestly, we've been hanging out for so long, so why do we still feel like strangers?

Mk48: Then how about working your own share and not letting her help?

FF M249SAW: ...I'll pass. Too exhausting.

Mk48: Okaaaaaaaaay.

Mk48: I'll be heading back first, then.

Mk48 turns and heads back to the dorm, leaving FF M249SAW to her own device. She seems oddly delightedly, like she's getting ready for a good show.

Mk48: (At this rate, their relationship is going to deteriorate.)

Mk48: (I'm so going to win this bet, Commander. ♪)
Part 2

2

...The next evening

Inside the dorms.

M249SAW is sitting alone on her bed, not saying anything or even chewing her gum. She's simply sitting there in silence.

M60 and Mk48 are standing at the doorway, looking at each other. Neither of them knows what to say.

Or rather, whether they should say anything at all.

In the darkness.

LWMMG: ...It doesn't matter if they can't fix me. If I die, just make a copy of my neural cloud.

FF M249SAW: ...You... Say that again?!

LWMMG: If I die, just make a copy of my neural cloud.

LWMMG: In any case, a new me will take my place.

LWMMG: Shut up...

LWMMG: SHUT UP!

...That morning.

At the simulation training ground.

LWMMG, Mk48 and FF M249SAW are moving under fire.

Mk48: Tsk... What the hell is the technical department doing?!

Mk48: I'm starting to think this training system hasn't been maintained for 800 years!

LWMMG: That's enough, Mk48. Save some strength to figure out how to get out of here in one piece.

FF M249SAW: Aw, what a pain...

FF M249SAW: It's all your fault, Lam, aren't your tactics always flawless? How did this happen...?

LWMMG: Mm, you're right, I didn't consider there might be a mistake in the system's calibration. I'll remedy that next time.

LWMMG: Also, don't call me that while we're on ops.

FF M249SAW: No way, your full name is such a mouthful.

Mk48: In any case, what are we going to do now?

LWMMG: We're going to reach a random node soon, and it's likely that there'll be an artillery bombardment.

LWMMG: I'll cover you, so take this opportunity to get through the firing radius. Once you get to the resupply node in the rear you should be able to log off. Please be careful, everyone.

FF M249SAW: (...There she goes again. It really pisses me off.)

LWMMG moves up quickly and enters the random node. She steps up her firepower and opens fire at the enemy cannon emplacement.

At the same time, Mk48 and FF M249SAW withdraw.

As they pass LWMMG, FF M249SAW notices something about the way LWMMG is holding her gun. She looks... strained.

FF M249SAW: Hey, Le—

Boom!

There is a thunderous explosion.

Her ears are ringing.

Everything goes dark for a moment.

FF M249SAW feels a forceful shove. The next thign she sees is LWMMG's hideously mangled body.

LWMMG: Mk48, the simulation system has ruled me KIA. We can leave combat now.

Mk48: ...Right.

FF M249SAW: ...Lam, why...

...Three minutes later.

Outside the training ground.

FF M249SAW blocks LWMMG as the latter heads to the repair bay for an overall check-up. LWMMG turns to look at her. Her face remains largely impassive save for a hint of confusion.

FF M249SAW: Lam! Tell me, why did you do that just now?!

LWMMG: Do what?

LWMMG: Oh, that was from experience. Shouting a warning to you and waiting for you to respond would have been much slower than simply pushing you out of the way.

FF M249SAW: I'm not talking about that!

FF M249SAW: If...if that hadn't been a simulated battle, you'd have been damaged beyond repair, do you know that?!

LWMMG: Yeah, so next time, please don't slack off during ops again.

LWMMG: The same goes for you, Mk48.

As the thrust of LWMMG's words changes, Mk48 — who has been watching the argument with great interest — is taken completely by surprise.

Mk48: What? That was just ONE TIME... Alright, alright, I get it, I get it.

LWMMG prepares to leave.

FF M249SAW: Lam, you...you're utterly unreasonable!

LWMMG freezes in place.

LWMMG: (Evenly) SAW, I have no idea why you're so angry. You are making it impossible to communicate.

FF M249SAW: ...Why, you!

FF M249SAW: Who exactly is making communication impossible here?!

LWMMG: I simply pushed you aside. It's the same as how I cleared up the countless messes you made in the past. What exactly have I done to make you think that I am utterly unreasonable？

FF M249SAW: ...It was my fault for screwing up during the op, but don't you feel like you owe us an apology? You could have been critically damaged! You could have died!

FF M249SAW: How is this the same as cleaning up after me? How could you overlook your problem so calmly?

LWMMG: Apologize? Whatever for?

LWMMG: It doesn't matter if they can't fix me. If I die, just make a copy of my neural cloud.

Mk48: Oi, that's a bit over the line...

LWMMG: In any case, a new me will take my place.

FF M249SAW: ...

LWMMG: If you have no objections to my explanation, then I'll be heading to the repair bay.

LWMMG: While it was just a simulated battle, the system miscalibration and that explosion just now might have had an effect on—

FF M249SAW: LWMMG! You dumbass! You massive dumbass!

LWMMG is taken aback by FF M249SAW's sudden outburst. SAW's voice was breaking.

She stares as SAW turns and runs off. She opens her mouth but doesn't know what to say.

Mk48: Wow, I really wasn't expecting that.

With that, Mk48 also marches off after FF M249SAW.

LWMMG: Just now... SAW did not call me Lam, did she?
Part 3

3

...That evening.

After LWMMG finishes her check-up, she reports the miscalibration of the simulation system to the Logistics Department.

On the way back to the dorm, she comes across Springfield carrying supplies, so she volunteers to help move them to the café, then ends up staying to tidy up.

It's only after the sky turns dark that she finishes up everything and returns to the dorm.

Inside the dorm.

As LWMMG enters the room, M249SAW stops mid-sentence.

As usual, LWMMG sweeps up the hair littering the ground, then announces their routine training and schedule for the next day.

After taking it in, Mk48's face falls unsurprisingly.

Mk48: Huh? This chicken feed again? Don't they have anything more challenging for us?

LWMMG: Also, SAW— uh.

LWMMG: (Is it me or has SAW been really quiet lately...?)

...The next morning. After the routine training.

LWMMG: Mk48, don't keep trying to move past me in search of thrills. That leaves the rear open, and in actual combat, it's going to be a fatal opening.

Mk48: Yes yes yes, I got it...

Mk48: (Grumbles) It's all because this training is so boring...

LWMMG: (Turns) SAW, your coordina—

LWMMG: Hm, SAW...

FF M249SAW completely ignores what LWMMG is saying. The moment the training ends, she puts her gun away and skips off towards the doorway.

LWMMG: (Why do I have the feeling that SAW...is treating me like I'm not here?)

Evening on the third day.

Inside the dorms.

LWMMG stands outside the dorm entrance. She can hear FF M249SAW and Mk48 talking and laughing with each other, but when she pushes open the door and goes inside, FF M249SAW's voice abruptly cuts off.

FF M249SAW walks out of the dorm, still acting like she hasn't noticed LWMMG at all.

LWMMG: Mk48...do you think SAW's been acting a little weird lately?

Mk48: (Exhales deeply) Oh thank goodness, you FINALLY noticed!

Mk48: Do you know how miserable it is to be caught in a cold war between the two of you?

LWMMG: Cold war? What cold war?

Mk48: ...Eh?

Mk48: So by weird, you mean...?

LWMMG: SAW's gone quiet all of a sudden, right?

LWMMG: There's been a big change in her personality or something, is there a problem with her physical condition?

LWMMG: I've been observing her for the past three days. Should we contact the repair bay tomorrow? (Mutters) I'm...a little worried about her.

Mk48: ...Honestly.

Mk48: I don't have it in myself to find this amusing anymore...

Knock, knock.

M60 leans against the doorway and knocks on the door several times.

M60: Like I was saying, you kids are going to run into trouble without an instructor to look out for you, you know?

LWMMG: Ah, M60.

LWMMG: Is something the matter? The hour's quite late.

M60: Ahem. Naturally, I'm here to help you take care of a problem that you can't solve on your own.

LWMMG: I...can't solve on my own...?

LWMMG: No... I'll be fine by myself...

M60: If we really were fine by ourselves, then we should all become armies of one. Why would we need echelons or friends?

LWMMG: ...

M60: First off, there's that simulated battle you were in.

M60: Frankly speaking, SAW and the rest of us, myself included, have no idea why you went up and took a direct hit from that shell. Was there no better course of action? I don't think so.

LWMMG: At that time...it was my first reaction.

LWMMG: And also, my weapon's Imprint...

LWMMG: I was rolled out of the factory later, so it's only natural that I take on more dangerous tasks, isn't it...?

M60: (Interrupts) Excuse me?! What did I just hear?

M60: Are you saying that we're useless now?

M60: Are you calling me old?!

Mk48: (Stifles laughter) Pffffff...calm down, M60⁠— Pfhaha...

M60: I heard you laughing! I'm gonna deal with you later!

After snapping at Mk48, M60 composes herself and looks LWMMG squarely in the eyes.

M60: Lam, you listen, and you listen well.

M60: It's not as though anything new is automatically good or outstanding or the better choice between two options. That has never been a thing for us.

LWMMG: (Silence...)

M60: Everyone knows the result of that simulated battle; you were blown up.

M60: Your first reaction was to block a cannon shell? Are you really so amazing? If you were that amazing, why would you get blown up in the first place?! Is that the standard of new weapons these days?

LWMMG bites her lip, but says nothing.

M60: If you disagree with me, then become stronger and more reliable, and make your friends acknowledge your strength.

M60: Similarly, if you insist on not caring about yourself, then go and get stronger too.

M60: At the very least...you'll be more qualified to pull stunts like that.

LWMMG: M60...

LWMMG: Do I...not care for...myself?

M60 suddenly bursts into laughter. She enters the room, reaches out and flicks LWMMG on the forehead.

LWMMG: (Whimpers) Owie...that hurt...

Mk48: (I kind of want to flick her too...)

M60: (Softens) Lam, do you know why we Dolls have emotion modules?

LWMMG: Emotion modules... No, I never thought about that...

M60: I once thought about asking the Commander, but I couldn't bring myself to do it...

M60: But...after my time in Griffin, I think I have some insight into that.

LWMMG: Why...is that?

M60: Yeah...why is that?

M60: I think you should go figure that out yourself too.

M60: Right, I'm getting tired, I'm going to sleep. Oh, and SAW's sleeping in my room tonight. See you around.

With that, M60 leaves the dorm and closes the door behind her.

After hiding behind the wall for a while, she turns to look at FF M249SAW, who is also leaning against the wall with her head bowed.

M60: (Whispers) I guess in the end, you need to explain the most important thing to her yourself...

At the same time, inside the room—

Mk48: Ha... Well, that was interesting.

Mk48: You guys really do resemble those NPCs with minds of their own. I can't tell what will happen to you next.

LWMMG doesn't reply. She simply stares at FF M249SAW's bed, a pensive look on her face.

...

LWMMG goes to the backyard where M249SAW often hangs around and spaces out.

LWMMG: ...

LWMMG: Mk48, we'll be punished if there's nobody in the dorm at night.

Mk48: (Laughs) I know that, so why'd you sneak out in the middle of the night?

LWMMG: I don't know...what I should have done...

LWMMG: I'm feeling rather helpless.

Mk48 walks over to LWMMG's side and sits down.

Mk48: You want to know what you should have done?

Mk48: Of course you should have done whatever it'd take to stop all this from happening.

LWMMG: Then, what should I have done to stop this from happening...? I don't want SAW to be unhappy because of me.

Mk48: Ahhh, you're usually so bright, so why are you so THICK when it actually matters?

Mk48: Didn't M60 say so just now? The simplest way is to get stronger.

LWMMG: Will SAW be happy if I get stronger?

Mk48: Who knows?

Mk48: At least, once you get stronger, you won't die no matter what kind of crazy stunts you pull.

LWMMG: ...

LWMMG: Mk48, I thought...you wouldn't be bothered by things like this.

Mk48: Really? Maybe I'm not so different from SAW. Who knows?

Mk48: But what you need to know is that nobody here wants to see another...you that isn't you.

LWMMG: Mk48, thank you... Thanks so much...

Mk48: Aw, don't go all mushy on me.

Mk48: So, have you decided?

LWMMG: Yeah, all I need is to become a brand new me.

LWMMG: That way, SAW won't have to worry about losing me...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

Morning.

In the Griffin command room.

LWMMG: ...And that's how it is, so please grant your approval.

Commander: Of course.

Commander: Mm, "wanting to become stronger so you can better protect your friends" is an excellent notion. You've grown, Lam!

LWMMG: No, Commander, I'm still a long way off.

LWMMG: Also...why is EVERYONE calling me that now...

The next evening.

In the dorm backyard.

LWMMG: (I've spotted her, it's SAW.)

LWMMG: (She's still the same as always, sitting on the steps and blowing her gum while looking at the clouds...)

LWMMG stands quietly a short distance behind SAW, just studying her back.

FF M249SAW: How long are you going to stand there, Mk48...?

LWMMG: Um...

LWMMG: SAW, I'm sorry.

Pop.

The bubble bursts softly just as LWMMG finishes speaking.

FF M249SAW flinches slightly, but she doesn't turn around.

LWMMG walks up to M249SAW's side and sits down. At the same time, FF M249SAW turns to look away from her.

LWMMG: Um...

LWMMG: Earlier...I spoke very harshly to you, and I'm really sorry.

FF M249SAW: (Silence...)

LWMMG: I used to think that I could handle all the things you didn't finish, didn't want to do, or couldn't do.

LWMMG: No matter how much work it was, all I had to do was help. I could handle everything on my own.

LWMMG: Back then, when I pushed you aside and took the shell myself, I also thought it was all the same thing.

FF M249SAW's hands quietly ball up into fists beside her.

LWMMG: —But.

LWMMG: But now I realize that it's not the same...

LWMMG: I didn't cherish myself, and I let you down. I was wrong.

FF M249SAW: So, (turns around) are you still going to carry on about how it's okay if you d—

FF M249SAW: Lam?! Who-who-who-who the hell are you?!

It is then that FF M249SAW sees the remodelled LWMMG for the first time.

LWMMG: Huh? Um...it's me... Lam.

LWMMG: Um...I went for a remodel, you know, the application that I submitted to the Commander last month.

LWMMG: I didn't expect the Commander to accept it so readily...but well, here I am.

FF M249SAW: Ehhhh? But-but why?

FF M249SAW: You were perfectly fine before, so why'd you go for a remodel all of a sudden...?

FF M249SAW: Oh! Did that simulation accident cause some kind of complication that couldn't be repaired? Is that why you had to get remodelled?

LWMMG: (Chuckles) No...

LWMMG: Ahem, I was just thinking, this way...I might be able to do a better job protecting you all.

FF M249SAW: ...Eh?

LWMMG: I'm not going to say outrageous things like "it doesn't matter if I die" anymore.

LWMMG: I didn't consider how everyone felt and I hurt you.

LWMMG: And I...don't want to see you hurt.

FF M249SAW lowers her head. LWMMG can't see her expression under her hood.

LWMMG: So, will you forgive me, SAW?

FF M249SAW: (Blushes) L-Lam...

FF M249SAW: Actually, I was wrong too! Everything would have been fine if I'd just explained it clearly to you back then!

LWMMG: Huh?

FF M249SAW: I noticed that you were always alone, even when you were teamed up with us.

FF M249SAW: You insisted on doing everything by yourself, you were willing to help us with everything, but you wouldn't let us help you in return... It really rubbed me the wrong way!

FF M249SAW: And back then, I was angry because you said that kind of nonsense, and it was like...like you didn't think of us as friends at all...

LWMMG: Friends, huh...

FF M249SAW: So what I want to say is...Lam, friends are friends because they help each other!

LWMMG freezes for a moment, then she chuckles.

FF M249SAW: (So her remodel has given her the ability to laugh...)

FF M249SAW: I don't know what you're thinking, but I don't want another Lam! I don't want a new Lam from a copied neural cloud!

FF M249SAW: I only want you, this Lam!

FF M249SAW: So I forbid you to die!

LWMMG: ...

LWMMG: Thank you, SAW.

LWMMG: I'll need you all to help me out from now on so that I don't die.

FF M249SAW: But of course!

LWMMG: —Also, I've decided that from now on, I'll be helping you less. I can't keep spoiling you.

LWMMG: You'll need to stop being "a bubblegum slime monster" and stand up on your own two feet to do your own work. ♪

FF M249SAW: Ehhhhhh! Noooooooo—(Wails)

...Meanwhile, around the corner of a certain building in the backyard.

(Whispers) How about that, Mk48? I told you they'd make up.

Mk48: How could this happen...?

Mk48: Ahhhhhh I'm so mad! How come I lost my wager with you again—?!

Commander: (Hurriedly shushes her) Quiet, you!

Commander: In any case, it all turned out well for LWMMG and SAW.

(And for me, because I managed to dodge another one of Mk48's forfeits again. That was close.)