...

There is a road that links Heaven and Hell — the people of the Green Zone constantly attempt to draw closer to the White Zone, while the White Zoners staunchly defend their sole chokepoint. This is a balance that the people of the world have long since come to view as normal.

After the war, nobody wants to live in fear again in the long-awaited peace.

Yet, countless organizations still seek their fortune along this road and among them, the path of trafficking military firearms is the riskiest yet most profitable option for those who dare it.

As it turns out, said trade is how a syndicate in Sector N12 called the "Endeavor Association" makes their living.

...

Endeavor Association Member: The trade is about to take place, Mr. Alexei.

The Man Called Alexei: How are the preparations coming along?

EA Member: Our personnel are already in position as you requested, but...isn't this a little different from usual?

The Man Called Alexei: ...

EA Member: Uh, my apologies!

EA Member: The fact that the Boss thinks so highly of you means that you must be very capable. It's just...

The Man Called Alexei: Today might be a special one. After all, we'll be closing a big deal...and if someone tries to interfere, we'll be the ones taking the heat.

The Man Called Alexei: Remember to tell everyone to stay alert. Got that?

EA Member: I-I understand. I'll make sure everyone's on their guard.

This recently abandoned factory is a new site the EA uses for military hardware sales meetings.

From the windows, one can see parts of the Green Zone, but there's no sign of activity this early in the morning.

...

Stern Woman: Sorry for being late.

The Man Called Alexei: Lady Brown of the Viper Gang. Thank you for your long-standing support of the Association!

The Man Called Alexei: Preparing our people is taking some time, so the meeting hasn't started yet.

Lady Brown: Alexei~ I'm glad you're still in charge of security this time!

The Man Called Alexei: It's my pleasure to be of service. After all, you're living proof that "beauty is never tarnished."

Lady Brown: (Chuckles) What a shame you insist on staying with the Endeavor Association.

Lady Brown: If you were with me, you wouldn't just be a brigadier.

The Man Called Alexei: You are most kind. Now then...

Accompanying Bodyguard: ...

Lady Brown: Oi! Don't cause trouble for Alexei!

The Man Called Alexei: Thank you for placing your trust in me, my lady...

The Man Called Alexei: This will only be a quick check.

EA Member: Awright!

EA Member: That's Mr. Alexei for you!

...

EA Member: All clear.

The Man Called Alexei: In that case, please take a seat inside, Lady Brown.

Lady Brown: I trust our collaboration this time will be as fruitful as before.

The Man Called Alexei: Oh yes, I believe everything will turn out well.

Because the EA will soon be dissolved and peace will be restored in society.

That is the wish that I — an undercover police officer who infiltrated the EA three years ago — hold in my heart.

Ivan. That is my real name.

The EA brigadier called "Alexei" is simply my cover identity in the organization.

Three years ago, the police targeted the EA for elimination. Thus, for the past three years, I've worked hard to make myself useful and climbed the ranks until I reached my current position.

And today, my hard work is about to pay off.

All the buyers are now inside the factory, and the wares for this arms sale have been laid out.

In addition to man-portable weapons, there is also the centerpiece of this sales meet — an early experimental Military automaton standing in the center of the trade floor.

Under normal circumstances, the government would have stored or scrapped such an item, but the EA went through many channels and connections to obtain it. If they manage to sell it off, it will certainly add to the problems plaguing society.

Clink, clink.

Broadcast Voice: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to this sales meet.

EA Member: Is the Boss not going to show up in person again?

Ivan: Please understand, it's for his personal safety.

EA Chairman: Obtaining this batch of merchandise was much more difficult than expected, as I'm sure you already know...

Lady Brown: We know of your organization's hardships.

Lady Brown: However, let's cut to the chase. Can you give us a demonstration of this Military automaton's abilities?

...

EA Member: Wow, Lady Brown has her eyes on the best piece right from the start.

Ivan: She's always been like that.

...

Lady Brown's request is met with approval from the other buyers.

EA Chairman: There is no need to rush. Later, we will be conducting a shooting demonstration underground.

EA Chairman: For now, let us finish the trades which have already been settled in advance...

Ivan: Looks like everything's going well.

EA Member: I wonder how much we'll make this time? I can't wait to find out!

EA Member: I saw some cuties on that street last time. Interested, Mr. Alexei?

Ivan: ...Let's save that for when this is over.

EA Member: Oh...ohhhhh!

EA Member: See, that's what makes a brigadier. A professional through and through.

...

The negotiations are proceeding smoothly.

Although the article being sold is an old experimental model, it's still a Military automaton after all, and even if my human colleagues attacked it all at once, I doubt we'd be a match for it.

Therefore, the department has specially invited Tactical Dolls - who are better fighters - to help us out.

Tactical Dolls.

I don't know them too well. They seem to have solved quite a lot of problems in certain uninhabited regions, so I don't doubt their combat capabilities.

Meanwhile, my job is to coordinate with them to the best of my ability and transfer the security away from key areas so they can launch a successful attack.

After verifying that my subordinates are in position, I see that my wristwatch is showing the appointed time.

—Let's get this show on the road!

Knock knock knock.

...

Huh?

EA Member: ...!

EA Member: Mr. Alexei!

Ivan: Keep calm...!

I need to be calm... According to the plan, our reinforcements ought to be showing up now.

But... Why are they knocking on the door?

Knock knock knock!

Lady Brown: ...

The rapping on the door continues, and now even the other buyers have fallen silent.

Their bodyguards are also aware that something's wrong, because their hands are already reaching into their coats.

EA Chairman: Alexei!

...It can't be helped.

Ivan: Go take a look.

EA Member: Er... S-sure!

The underling raises his gun and quietly approaches the door. The moment it opens, the light from outside outlines a petite figure—

M1897: Good morning! This is domestic Doll M1897, here to provide cleaning services!

EA Member: ...

Lady Brown: ...

Ivan: ...

D-domestic Doll???
Part 2

2

...

M1897: —I hate you, Commander!

Commander: Eh? Wait a minute...!

...

Kalina: Good morning, M1897. Will you be working outside as well today?

Kalina: Huh? Have you been crying?

M1897: I-I wasn't crying!

Kalina: The Commander arranged for you to get a neural upgrade, right? Did they change their mind?

M1897: That's not it...

Kalina: Then... Did Gr G36 scold you because you didn't clean up properly?

M1897: No... Actually...

M1897: The Commander said I did a good job cleaning, but they also said that they hoped I would devote more time to honing my skills in combat, and compared me to my elder sister...

Kalina: You mean M1887? I heard that she's been quite busy fighting crime recently, isn't that right?

M1897: That's what the Commander said too, but M1887 is M1887, and I'm me!

Kalina: Hm, it's definitely a little hurtful to be compared to someone else.

Kalina: Don't worry, I'll make sure I talk to the Commander about this!

M1897: I-I...uh...

M1897: I just said "I hate you" to the Commander, but I didn't really mean it...

Kalina: Don't worry. I know you've always been a good girl, M1897~

Kalina: Would you like to rest for a bit?

M1897: Thanks, but there's no need for that, Miss Kalina.

M1897: I just received an assignment from the Domestic Services Agency in Sector N12 and I need to finish it by today.

Kalina: I see. Good luck, then!

M1897: Yup!

M1897: ...

M1897: ...

M1897: A neural upgrade?

Slightly earlier...

M1897: Eh? But why?!

Commander: Why?

Commander: Because I think you have the potential to become stronger.

M1897: Stronger... If I do that, will it let me clean the base up better?

Commander: No, I'm talking about getting stronger in terms of combat capabilities.

Commander: M1897, even as a Doll, you ought to strive to improve yourself. You'll be able to handle more situations if you accept the upgrade.

M1897: (Groans)

...

M1897: In the end the Commander's just annoyed that I only care about cleaning... But what's wrong with liking things to be clean anyway...

Terminal: Click—

M1897: Ah! It's time!

M1897: Let's see...

Terminal: 【Development Sector N12, Factory No. 191, Time - 10.10.】

Terminal: 【Dirty things here. Deployment complete. Please come on time to clean them up.】

M1897: Well, that's a brief assignment order.

M1897: And it's scheduled for daytime. Aren't most people at work in the city center at this hour?

M1897: Wouldn't cleaning up such a large factory by myself take too long...?

M1897: Urgh, no, I need to show the Commander what I can accomplish, even if it's just cleaning!

M1897: Ah, this is the place!

Knock knock knock!

M1897: ...

M1897: ...

M1897: ...Huh? Is nobody in?

Knock knock knock!

...

...

Ka-click.

M1897: Ah, someone's home!

...

M1897: Good morning! This is domestic Doll M1897, here to provide cleaning services!

Ivan: ...

M1897: Ehhhhh? Why is everyone looking at me like this? And the air seems really tense...

M1897: Uh, please go on with your business, no need to mind me~

M1897: If it's just this hall, I'll have it all cleaned up in no time~

Ivan: Er... What's this?

M1897: Huh? You mean this gun?

M1897: Don't worry, it's just a toy to keep the kids happy~ Um...

M1897: Well, there don't seem to be any kids here, so that's alright, then.

M1897: I'm putting my pail here, so please don't kick it over.

There is no response from anyone.

During previous assignments, M1897 has encountered families who don't like to make conversation, so she doesn't take it to heart. Instead, she takes out her mop and starts mopping the floor.

Ivan: ...

Ivan: Could she be the backup sent by the department?

Ivan: But they were supposed to send a Tactical Doll. This little lady is a Doll, that much is true, but why is she cleaning things up?

M1897: Could you lift your foot, sir?

Bodyguard: ...

Bodyguard: Okay...

M1897: Thank you~

Ivan: Is she planning to confuse the enemy before taking them by surprise...?

Ivan: How...how should I coordinate with her?!

M1897: Excuse me, granny, would you mind...

Lady Brown: Granny... What's the matter with you, y-you stupid brat?!

M1897: Well, you do seem a little stiff.

M1897: I'll just go clean somewhere else, then...

M1897: Wow~ I can't believe it, that's a TS-5000 experimental unit!

M1897: This is a rare treasure, I think there are only two of them in the entire world!

...

A chill seems to have spread throughout the hall.

M1897: Although, this unit has had its combat components and fire control systems removed, so it's pretty much scrap at this point...

M1897: But it's very valuable as a collector's item.

M1897: The owner of this factory has great taste!

...

The air in the hall seems to have completely frozen.

Lady Brown: S-scrap?!

Lady Brown: Are you trying to pull a fast one on us, you bastards from the Endeavor Association?!

The hall suddenly erupts into chaos.

All the followers and enforcers present pull out their guns and point them at the EA members. The latter also draw their guns in self-defense.

M1897: Huh? Is something wrong?

EA Chairman: Ahem. Please calm down, everyone.

EA Chairman: Now, the possibility cannot be ruled out that someone among us is trying to take this Military automaton for themselves, and this could be their ploy to turn us against each other...

Lady Brown: Huh? So you think we sent this brat?

EA Chairman: At the very least, we know nothing about it.

...

M1897: Huh?

M1897: Ehhhhhh?! Why is everyone pointing their guns at me, I'm just here to do the cleaning!

Ivan: W-wait!

EA Chairman: ...Alexei?

Lady Brown: Was it you, Alexei?!

Ivan: (Coughs)

Ivan: No, from what I can tell, this domestic Doll has probably gotten the wrong address and she is harmless.

Ivan: Let me handle this, I'll get her out of here.

M1897: ...I can't possibly have the wrong address; our agency never gets their assignments wrong.

Ivan: You're my backup, shouldn't you be playing along with me?!

Bodyguard: ...

Bodyguard: ...

M1897: Hm, this-this isn't like most domestic service assignments I've been given...

M1897: Well.

M1897: Just to be sure, let me double-check my assignment!

Ivan: Oi, are you serious?!

M1897: Don't worry, this is my only job for today, it's right here... Ahem!

M1897: 【Development Sector N12, Plant No. 191, Time - 10.10.】

M1897: 【Dirty things here. Deployment complete. Please come on time to clean them up.】

M1897: And the client is—

M1897: Alexei...?

...

Ivan: Oh fuck.

M1897 has no idea what impact her words had, but she sees a couple of burly men suddenly rushing toward the nervous-looking man.

...

...
Part 3

3

...

EA Member: Mr. Alexei.

Ivan: Is it so late already?

Ivan: Well, we can talk about tomorrow's business in the morning. You can head on back now.

EA Member: Right.

...

Ivan: Phew...

Ivan: HQ, this is Ivan, please res...

???: Ivan, darling~ Happy birthday!

Ivan: ...

Ivan: Thank you, dear... But I'm still busy now.

Ivan's Wife: Of course you are. If you weren't, you'd be at home having your slice of the cake with the kids.

Ivan: ...I'm sorry.

Ivan's Wife: There's nothing to be sorry for, dear.

Ivan: I have to work hard now so things will be better down the road.

Ivan's Wife: But you should take care of your family too. It's hard for me to manage by myself...

Ivan: ...I'm sorry.

Ivan's Wife: You're always like that...

Ivan's Wife: Oh yes, Mrs. Leysin says that the Domestic Services Agency in the Green Zone has lots of Dolls working for them and they're all really cheap to hire.

Ivan's Wife: We can easily afford to have one come over once a month even on our income.

Ivan: You want to hire a domestic Doll?

Ivan's Wife: It's better than me doing all the chores by myself, right? I'll send you their contact info later. Make sure you help me book one.

【The call ends.】

Terminal: Message Received—

Terminal: 【Dear, this is the contact info for the Domestic Services Agency...】

Terminal: 【Make sure you make a booking right away.】

...

...

Everything should have gone smoothly...

...If the go signal hadn't been sent to the wrong recipient...

...

My face is suddenly struck by an ice-cold sensation, and I feel my consciousness returning.

EA Member's Voice: Boss, he's awake!

EA Member's Voice: I knew he was up to no good. Good thing we found out early...

EA Chairman's Voice: Get lost.

EA Member's Voice: Uh, yes, Boss...

Ivan: (Groans)

After coming to, the first thing that registers is the sensation of my hands being tied.

The domestic Doll M1897 is tied up beside me, but she doesn't seem to be as frightened as I expected.

EA Chairman: "Ivan".

EA Chairman: "A police officer from Sector N65 who infiltrated the Endeavor Association as a spy several years ago, intending to arrest the entire EA for trafficking in Military automatons."

Ivan: ...

M1897: So you are a cop, Mr. Ale... Ivan?

Ivan: And you're not the Tactical Doll sent as backup, are you?

M1897: I-I'm really just here to clean today.

Ivan: Yes...that does seem to be the case. Sorry for getting you involved in this.

M1897: So, these people are...

Ivan: They're gangsters from various Sectors.

M1897: G-gangsters?!

Ivan: Keep your voice down...

Lady Brown: A cop...so you're a cop!

Lady Brown: And to think I trusted you.

Lady Brown: And as for you, you blasted Doll! How dare you insult me! I'll make you regret that!

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Lady Brown: (Pants heavily)

Lady Brown whacks M1897 with her cane several times.

However, probably because she's a Doll, M1897 doesn't feel anything, while the "granny" trying to beat her up is out of breath.

M1897: ...Are you alright?

Is this the time to be concerned about her?!

Lady Brown: ...！

Lady Brown: You damn — Peh!

M1897: Uh, p-please don't spit!

M1897: I need to clean this up right away!

M1897 seems really bothered by the state of cleanliness of the floor, but with her hands tied and several people pinning her down, she's unable to move.

She really is a domestic Doll - she's so sensitive when it comes to cleaning and hygiene...

Lady Brown: I can't believe there's a mole in the EA. This means the cops have had their eyes on us for a long time now!

Lady Brown: What do you intend to do about this, Mr. Chairman?!

EA Chairman: No need to worry. We still have a trump card.

Lady Brown: A trump card?

Lady Brown: You don't mean this Military automaton, do you?

Lady Brown: If that Doll brat is right, it's nothing more than scrap metal!

Buyers: Yeah, we still haven't settled things yet!

Buyers: Explain yourself!

EA Chairman: ...Humph, yes we SHOULD take care of business as soon as we can.

EA Chairman: In that case, let's move up the weapons test.

Lady Brown: What do you mean?

EA Chairman: Well, thanks to this Doll, we've uncovered the mole in our organization...

EA Chairman: But she's of no further use now, so why don't we use her as target practice?

M1897: Ehhhhhh—?!

Ivan: Wait a minute, this has nothing to do with her!

EA Chairman: ...I didn't expect you to feel sorry for a mere Doll.

EA Chairman: You don't have to worry though, you're next.

Ivan: Dammit...

Under all the buyers' scrutiny, the Military automaton emits the sound of grinding gears as it is activated.

TS-5000: ——

Ivan: This is bad.

Lady Brown: Hm? So this piece of scrap CAN be started up, but it sounds like it's got problems.

EA Chairman: Well, it is an older model after all. A few repairs and it'll be more than enough to deal with the average punk.

EA Member: Oh! Let me handle the repairs!

The EA seems to have anticipated something like this, and the brave young man who just spoke up takes out various tools and begins fixing the Military automaton.

Truth be told, he seems quite capable, given the proficiency he's showing in dismantling and adjusting the mechanical components. That said, he's a little rough with them.

As he works, M1897 wails in dismay from beside me—

M1897: Th-that's the coolant tank, don't open it! Don't open...aaaaahhhhh it's gotten everywhere!

M1897: Wait, don't step onto the coolant, you'll track it all over the place! Please stop!

Lady Brown: Shut the hell up, you damn domestic Doll!

Lady Brown: If you like cleaning up so much, you can chew on this!

Lady Brown seems to have had enough of M1897's screaming. She picks up a rag from the ground, one that's drenched in oily residue and coolant, and shoves it into M1897's mouth.

M1897: (Muffled scream)

M1897: (Gags)

...

She-she fainted?!

Lady Brown: Humph, finally, some peace and quiet!

How can a Doll be such a clean freak?

Still, a domestic Doll wouldn't be any use to me even if she was conscious.

I need to...

EA Chairman: Trying to run?

Ivan: ...!

EA Chairman: Unfortunately, you won't have the chance for that.

EA Chairman: I think just testing the automaton on the Doll is far from enough. Why don't you make one last contribution to the organization as Alexei?

Ivan: You wish!

EA Chairman: It's not like you have any say in the matter.

EA Chairman: Is it ready?

EA Member: Anytime, Boss!

After tying my legs together, they throw M1897 and me against a wall. All the gangsters retreat to safety, preparing themselves to enjoy a fireworks display.

Is this the end for me?

However, nobody can answer that question. As I stare into the muzzle of the Military automaton's gun, the only thing I feel is dread of the impending shots and explosions.

Right now, I'm actually a little envious of M1897, who's passed out and lucky enough to meet her end in blissful oblivion.

TS-5000: ——

Ivan: ...

TS-5000: ——%￥#@%￥#

Ivan: Hm?!

I must be hallucinating due to extreme stress, because there's no way what I'm seeing can be real.

The Military automaton is spewing huge gouts of black oil everywhere as everyone watches in shock.

Ivan: Whoa—!

Ivan: Pffff! (Coughs)

Ivan: Bleh! Peh!

I'm completely drenched in the filthy black oil, to the point where even my nostrils feel greasy. There are no words for this nauseating sensation.

Despite my wretched state, however, I realize that what M1897 said earlier was true.

Lady Brown: Dammit, is this thing really a piece of scrap?!

EA Member: Huh, this...this shouldn't be happening!

M1897: (Groans)

It seems the acrid odor of the oil has woken M1897.

Ivan: Hey, are you alright?

M1897: Hm?

M1897: Nnn—?!?!

As M1897 gradually comes to her senses, she finally realizes that she's drenched in filthy waste oil. Her eyes almost roll back into her head. She would probably be on the verge of a mental breakdown if she were human...

M1897: Nnnnnggg!—!

M1897: ...Too...

She seems to be trying to say something through the rag in her mouth.

Ivan: "Too"?

She spits the rag out and with her trembling voice...

M1897: Too...dirty...

M1897: THIS IS TOO DIRTY!!!!!!!!!!!!

...

Like many other people, I used to be prejudiced against Dolls, but over time, they've become part of our lives.

And now, I come to realize that when under extreme duress, Dolls also break down...or they blow up.

The domestic Doll before my eyes has gone berserk.

The weapon in her hands, the one that she called a toy, has blasted that Military automaton to bits.

...

In addition, the gang leaders, who were so smug and arrogant only moments ago, have been "cleaned up" by the rampaging domestic Doll.

And I do mean that they were cleaned up - literally... I don't know how to describe what I'm seeing, but M1897 has busted out her cleaning solutions and various tools and buried the gangsters under fragrant, soapy bubbles.

In any case, they've been incapacitated. For me, this was snatching victory from the jaws of defeat.

M1897: ...

M1897: One last dirty thing to go.

Ivan: ...Huh?

I almost forgot that I'm also covered in oil. I suppose I'm a stain that she has to scrub.

...

...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

???: It's okay, everything's fine now.

???: Can you open your eyes?

Ivan: ...

Ivan: W-what happened to...

???: Thank goodness, looks like you are unhurt.

Ivan: I'm sorry, you are...?

M1887: My name is M1887. Forgive me for not introducing myself sooner.

M1887: I was the backup assigned to you, though I still haven't received your go signal.

Ivan: So I really did send it to the wrong person...

Ivan: Oh, what about that domestic Doll?!

M1887: Domestic Doll? Ah, do you mean M1897?

M1887: She was out on dispatch today, so you must have mistaken her for a domestic Doll.

Ivan: Huh?

M1887: You were very lucky, Mr. Ivan. She is a Tactical Doll from Griffin, just like me.

M1887: Perhaps there's been a misunderstanding between the two of you, but on the whole, things seem to have turned out fine in the end.

M1887: She's already dealt with all the criminals involved, as well as your boss from when you were a mole.

Ivan: ...

M1887: It's hard to believe, isn't it?

Ivan: No, I saw it with my own eyes...

Ivan: Where is she now?

M1887: She's gone back to Griffin.

Ivan: ...

Ivan: If you see her again, please thank her on my behalf.

Ivan: Things took a bit of a weird turn, but it's still a fact that she saved me.

M1887: ...I will.

—In the Commander's Office.

Terminal: 【—New progress has been made in our investigations into the peripheral regions. The spokesperson for the exploration team is now accepting questions from the media.】

Commander: Hm.

Terminal: 【—Plan N64 addresses the development of a new low-cost residential sector. The local supervisor has issued a statement at the project launch press conference...】

Commander: Hm...

Kalina: Good morning, Commander!

Commander: Morning... You brought coffee today?

Kalina: Hehe, why don't you try my handiwork?

Kalina: ...Are you watching the news?

Commander: Yeah, just looking through it.

Kalina: Oh yes, about M1897...

Commander: M1897? What happened to her?

Kalina: Did you not realize how hurtful your words were?

Commander: You mean...the part where I told her not to focus so much on cleaning?

Kalina: Correct!

Commander: I just wanted to spur her on. M1897's combat performance is decent, but it feels like she's always lost in her own world, so she's easily spooked, especially when it comes to cleanliness...

Kalina: That's true, but...

Commander: So I was planning to arrange a neural upgrade for her... It's about time she had one, right? Where is she, anyway?

Kalina: I haven't seen her today. According to M1887, she's done something big recently.

Commander: Something big? I hope she didn't complete a whole bunch of cleaning requests in one go.

Commander: Hm, this coffee is good.

Terminal: 【And onto our next report—】

Terminal: 【A gangland arms deal was broken up by a lone heroic Doll from Griffin, the domestic Doll M1897!】

Commander: Pffffffffffff—!!!

Kalina: Uwah! Commander, are you alright?!

Commander: I-I'm fine...

Kalina: That's good, but my coffee... Er.

...

M1897: Commander — Ahhhhh, why is there coffee everywhere?!

Kalina: M1897, you've already received your neural upgrade?

M1897: Well, I was already like this by the time I woke up, but that's not important.

M1897: You need to be careful when drinking coffee, Commander! Make sure you don't splash it everywhere! Cleaning it up is very difficult!

Commander: Um... Sorry.

Terminal: —I'm reporting from the scene. We're fortunate enough to be able to interview a police officer from Sector N64, Mr. XX.

Terminal: Congratulations on your promotion, Officer. Would you mind telling us about this operation?

Terminal: Thank you.

Terminal: The success of this operation was due in large part to the assistance of Griffin PMC.

Terminal: In particular, Tactical Doll M1897's aid has shown me new possibilities in how Dolls can help serve humans.

Terminal: I've already asked my superiors to issue M1897 a citation in gratitude for her contributions to society.

Commander: ...

M1897: That should do it... Hm?

M1897: Commander, were you going to say something?

Commander: No, not at all.

Commander: Oh yes, you did a brilliant job on cleaning up.

M1897: Hehe, I know, right?

...

M1897: Ah, it's Big Sis!

M1897: It must be that social service thing from last time.

M1897: ...I think I should go take a look.

M1897: Commander, make sure you keep your office clean! I'll be coming by randomly to check in on you~

M1897 happily wipes her hands clean, then takes her cleaning equipment with her and leaves the office.

Kalina: M1897 sure is amazing.

Kalina: Even though she doesn't seem to be aware of that herself.

Commander: But that's good, right?

Commander: M1897 has really grown this time around.