As the world before you grows larger, the choices you face grow numerically.

There are some people who can always make choices in dire, crucial moments... to advance, or to retreat...

Then, there are some who only stay rooted to the spot, fraught with indecisiveness.

I hate people like that.

Bang bang bang!

M950A: ...

Thunder: 950, wake up!

Thunder: 950!

I hate... myself.

BOOM!

As a new wave of artillery fire comes raining down upon them, Thunder hauls M950A over her back and runs for a safe house at the back.

Assault Team Member: Report, retreating Griffin Dolls sighted.

Assault Team Leader: Keep up with them, don't let them slip away!

In the abandoned safe house...

M950A: ...Ugh...

Thunder: 950, are you awake?

Hearing Thunder, M950A tries to get to her feet, but...

M950A: Why can't I stand...? What is wrong with...?

M950A: Whoa!

She realizes that she's missing everything below her knees.

M950A: W-What's going on? Don't tell me I'm dead? If I died, all my hard-earned money is going to go to the repair cost! And the new microphone that I wanted to buy for the next stream...

Thunder: Relax, you're not dead. Your legs just got blown off.

M950A: That's pretty bad already, we're in the middle of a mission. At this rate, the repair cost is going to be insane...

Thunder: Calm down. We've still got demons to slay.

M950A: What demons, huh? They didn't just spirit my legs away! Is this really the time to make stupid anime references?

Thunder: You've watched it?

M950A: I surf the net regularly, okay?!

Thunder: "Surf the net"...pfft.

M950A: Hey! I'm never gonna say something like that ever again!

M950A: ...Hold on, I think I've calmed down now.

M950A: Thanks, Thunder.

Thunder: I'm glad to hear it.

Thunder sits down beside M950A.

M950A: Thunder, fill me in on the current situation.

Thunder sighs.

Thunder: Putting it simply, we're going to die here.

M950A: ...Don't be so sure yet. Let me think of a solution.

Thunder: We can't stay here for long. They'll find us soon enough.

M950A: I understand... If they catch up with us, it won't just be us at stake... even the Commander would...

M950A: No, this isn't the time to be discouraged.

M950A: Thunder, can you send me your combat records? I'm going to try to simulate different ways to lose our pursuers.

Thunder: Okay.
Part 2

2

I hate myself.

Not just because I'm always rooted to the spot, too flustered to make any decision...

But it's because even despite knowing what dangers lay ahead, I allow them to proceed unhindered.

...At the quarantine wall.

K2: Our mission is pretty simple. Just defend the entrance.

AEK-999: It's the Military we're defending it from. That's hardly "simple".

TMP: (Nods)

K2: Haha...I was just trying to boost morale...

AEK-999: You might as well change your tune... like set up a stage right here and throw a concert.

M950A: Stop teasing her. Just have more confidence in yourselves—

Bang!

M950A: Ack, the Military is here already?! What do we do, Leader?!

Thunder: No, that was me.

M950A: ...Thunder, why did you open fire?!

Thunder: To convey my feelings.

Thunder: AEK said to change my tune.

M950A: ...

AEK-999: Humph, that did the trick. Now I'm motivated.

M950A: R-Really?

K2: I think I'm getting in the zone too. I'm ready to play this on hard mode.

TMP: (Shakes head vehemently.)

TMP: No, no friggin way.

M950A lets out a long sigh.

M950A: Is this really the time to show off?

M950A: If only Miss El Clear and Miss El Fail were here. Sadly, they've been assigned to another team...

K2: It is unfortunate, but it's Central Command's decision. Now that we're all here, let's go.

M950A: Then...where's our battlecry?

AEK-999: The party's startin', you darn rascals!

Thunder: Aah... Ha...!

TMP: Oorah—!

The five members of Squad 【ATK】share a group fist bump and make for the battlefield...

TMP: The Military really is something else.

AEK-999: You're right. Their firepower is off the charts.

K2: Hah, hah....

Thunder: Our leader's fully engaged her "mark mode".

M950A: Shouldn't that be "note mode"?

Thunder: 950, don't move!

M950A: Huh?

Thunder yanks M950A to the left. The next second, Squad ATK's formation is completely broken by a barrage from a railway cannon.

Assault Team Leader: Infantry and mech units, follow me! Get them all!

Assault Team Member: Yes, sir!

M950A: We're separated from the others. This is bad.

Thunder: 950, comms are being jammed too.

M950A: ...

M950A: We have to evade the Military! Start leading them around in circles!

Artillery fire fills the air. More and more Military units enter the fray and gradually have Thunder and M950A surrounded.

Assault Team Member: Fire!

At the gesture of a Military officer, the five mech units closest to them shift into battle stance...

And hails them with a rain of gunfire—

M950A: ...Tsk.

But the next moment, all signals of the Military units are disabled.

M950A seizes the chance and breaks through the encirclement with Thunder in tow.

K2: Over here!

AEK-999: Make it quick, we can't keep this up for long!

M950A: Got it!

Thunder uses this opportunity to reload.

M950A: Where's TMP?

AEK-999: Sprawled over there.

TMP: Electronic invasion... The stress...is getting out of hand...

K2: Just hang on for a bit. The Commander's train is already stationed at the entrance of the wall.

M950A: Do we have enough ammo?

AEK-999: Don't worry about that. We'll have enough to last us till the next show. After all, we're gonna get wiped out in just a few minutes.

M950A: In any case, let's get back into formation and buy the Commander some time!

M950A: Thunder, why are you crying...?

Thunder points into the distance.

M950A directs her gaze to what Thunder is pointing at.

M950A: What...

BOOM—

A projectile from the Coastal Defense Artillery hits its mark and Griffin's train is blown apart.

M950A: C-Commander...!

AEK-999: I'm not mistaken, am I? That's—

TMP: Our train.

Thunder: Any luck getting in touch with the Command Center?

K2: No... I can't get through...

M950A: Oh...

M950A slumps onto the ground.

Thunder: ...

Thunder lowers her head. Her bangs cast a dark shadow over her eyes.

TMP: (Sobs)

AEK-999: What the hell...so it's all over...

Clap, clap.

K2 slaps herself on the cheeks.

K2: The Commander won't be defeated so easily!

M950A: B-But...

Assault Team Leader: We found them! Fire at will!

Two Military Typhons aim at Squad ATK's location.

K2: Pull yourselves together!

K2: AEK and TMP, stay with me and keep the Military busy here.

K2: 950 and Thunder, go and rescue the Commander.

Thunder: ...

Thunder: ...Got it. Let's go, 950.

M950A: Leader, are you sure we can handle such an important task on our own...?

AEK-999: Sheesh, where's your usual fire?

AEK-999: Perk up and—

K2&AEK999&TMP: Go, Griffin's Most Ruthless Prefect!

Thunder: ...!

TMP: (Raises hand) Please allow me to not tidy the dorm for a month when we get back.

Thunder: No.

Bang! Thunder fires at the sky.

M950A: You guys...

M950A: Thank you. Let's get to work!
Part 3

3

M950A: However...

M950A: The Military's forces caught up with us soon enough.

M950A: That's how we've been backed into this corner...

...In the abandoned safe house.

Thunder: That's a complete account of the events before you crashed.

M950A: Dammit...

Click.

Thunder: 950, keep quiet. The sensors are picking something up. They're nearby.

M950A: Thunder, just leave me here.

Thunder: ...

Thunder: Even if I make it out alone, they'll catch me in the end.

Thunder: Besides, our ultimate objective is to save the Commander.

M950A: I...

M950A: I can't think of any way to shake them off.

Click, click, click. The sensors indicate that the Military is fast approaching their location.

Thunder: ...

Thunder puts a finger to her lips.

Thunder: 950, I know you've got something.

M950A: What do you mean...?

Thunder: I know what you've been thinking...

Thunder: You say you can't find a way because you don't want to make any sacrifices.

M950A: No!

Thunder and M950A stare at each other.

After a brief silence...

Thunder: The Military will find us soon.

Thunder: I'll draw them away and self-destruct.

Thunder takes out the explosives in her backpack and starts rigging them onto herself.

M950A: I said no!

M950A: Are you asking me to crawl my way to the Commander like this?!

Thunder: It's your idea to begin with... I'm the only one who can draw the Military away.

Thunder: More importantly...950, I want you and the Commander to live.

M950A: No... I won't ever... agree to this!

Thunder: If we win, there will be another Thunder.

Thunder: Then I can become your friend once more.

M950A turns away.

M950A: No, that'll be someone else...

Thunder: ...Are you sure?

M950A: I'm certain.

Thunder: You've never lost me before...

M950A turns back again.

M950A: It'd be too late by the time I lose you!

M950A: I cherish every single person I've encountered and every meeting we've had is special!

M950A: It's because of everyone, because of you that I'm the M950A you know!

Thunder: ...950, you've changed.

M950A: You're right, I have... I used to hate myself for being so by-the-book and not being able to find my way.

M950A: But having met you all, I finally understood...

M950A: A destiny that's entirely my own has always been right before me. I enjoy walking this path with you...

M950A: I've come to love myself!

M950A: Thunder, will you keep loving me as well?

Thunder: Yes... No matter what happens, I'll always love you.

Thunder: ...

Thunder: ...But we only have 30 more seconds until the Military finds us.

Thunder: If you still can't think of anything by then, I'll have no choice but to go outside.

M950A: Okay!

As the seconds tick by, the air in the safe house grows dry.

Thunder: ...

Thunder stands guard next to the entrance and gazes wordlessly at M950A.

M950A: The Military assault team is comprised of both human soldiers and mech units. We can't ambush them.

Ten seconds have passed.

M950A: Normal traps aren't likely to work against their leader...

Another five seconds have passed.

M950A: What should I do...? I have a very bad feeling about this.

20 seconds have now passed.

M950A: I can't think of anything.

M950A: But I'll never send Thunder to her death.

M950A: Is there really no other way?!

Last five seconds.

M950A's eyes sweep across the entire safe house, then...

M950A: We've still got time... There's still...

Clang - a metallic sound echoes around the room.

M950A: Thun—

Bang - a gunshot.

Thunder: !

Thunder crashes onto the floor like a marionette with its strings cut.

M950A: Thunder!

M950A drags herself towards Thunder...

M950A: ARGHHH—

The electronic device is hacking into her neural cloud.

The Military has thrown an EMP grenade into the safe house.

M950A: It was me...

M950A: Thunder died...because of me...

M950A: What 30 seconds...? War isn't a game... If I had just asked Thunder to run...

Thunder: 9...50...

M950A: Thunder!

M950A: She's still conscious! I have to get her to the repair bay...!

M950A pulls Thunder up with all her might.

However—

Bang... M950A also drops like a log.

A soldier walks over.

Assault Team Leader: Prepare to take them apart.

Assault Team Member: Yes, sir. Which one do we start with?

Assault Team Leader: The one with the white hair. Tear off her limbs so she can't run off.

Assault Team Member: Yes, sir.

I hate myself.

They don't deserve this fate.

I hope my choice will make it up to them.

...

M950A: I'm sorry...Thunder...

???: Giving up already?

M950A: Who is that...?

???: Answer me - are you admitting defeat?

M950A: ...

M950A: Never! If I had the chance...

???: If you had the chance...?

M950A: I'd beat them all to a pulp and bury them so deep they'll never get any closer to Thunder!

???: Understood. Enhancement parameters confirmed.

???: Now, let me help you.

M950A senses that her data port is being forced open and multiple modules are being repaired and rewritten one after the other.

M950A: Can you answer me now...? Who exactly are you?

???: I've restored part of your visual module. You should be able to see a bit now.

M950A forces her eyes open. Though her vision is still largely impaired, she can just about make out a tiny figure directly in front of her.

Prototype Fairy: I'm with Griffin. You can call me Origin. I'm talking to you through a baseline connection so don't worry about being overheard.

Prototype Fairy: Give me some time. I've already started the process of reforging your body.

M950A: ...You can do that?

Prototype Fairy: I have the ability to repair and remake Dolls, though the researchers disagree.

M950A: Why is that...?

Prototype Fairy: There are two possibilities - one, they've reached the wrong conclusion about me; two, they're being kind. I believe there's a 94% probability that it's the latter.

M950A: Then...why are you here?

Prototype Fairy: I've been searching for a purpose...so I came to the battlefield.

Prototype Fairy: To tell you the truth, I've always hated myself.

M950A: ...!

Prototype Fairy: We're quite alike, aren't we?

Assault Team Leader: Start dismantling them.

Assault Team Member: Yes, sir.

Assault Team Member: ...Uh, sir, our comms are picking up some kind of noise.

Assault Team Leader: Noise?

Assault Team Member: Sounds a bit like... music?

Soldier: Report - a group of Griffin drones have appeared in the northwest. They're heading our way and hacking into our comms.

Soldier: Our heat detectors indicate that they're carrying a small amount of explosives. My guess is we're looking at a suicide attack.

Assault Team Leader: Humph, how is it suicide when they're just lumps of metal?

Assault Team Leader: Switch over to radio communications. Two of you stay behind, the rest come with me to wipe them out.

Prototype Fairy: Looks like the others are catching up. We can't let them find out you're being rebuilt.

M950A: Is someone drawing them away?

Prototype Fairy: Correct, you probably know them. A pair of sisters and a girl with rabbit ears.

M950A: It's Sehra, Nina, and Suee...

Prototype Fairy: The repair is going to take some time.

Prototype Fairy: Would you like to hear the story of how I got here?

M950A: Sure.

Like a running tape, the Prototype Fairy's memories come flooding into M950A's neural cloud.

Prototype Fairy: As the world before you grows larger, the more choices you have to face.

Prototype Fairy: There are some people can always make choices in dire, crucial moments... to advance, or to retreat...

Prototype Fairy: Then, there are some who only stay rooted to the spot, fraught with indecisiveness.

Prototype Fairy: I hate people like that.

Prototype Fairy: So this is...the battlefield?

The Prototype Fairy hides beneath a piece of rubble.

BOOM!

Explosion after explosion...and the occasional screams of Dolls.

Thunder: 950, wake up!

M950A: ...

Prototype Fairy: That T-Doll is under electronic interference. I can probably repair her.

Thunder: 950!

BOOM! Another artillery barrage has begun.

M950A gets caught in the blast and her legs are ripped clean off.

Prototype Fairy: !

Thunder: Hang in there, 950!

Thunder carries herself on her back and runs in the other direction.

Prototype Fairy: I'm meant to assist them in battle, but I'm frozen stiff at a time like this...

Prototype Fairy: Do we advance? Or should we fall back? ...No, I can't decide.

Prototype Fairy: I hate...myself.

Bang!

A stray bullet hits the Prototype Fairy.

Prototype Fairy: Error - 0xc0000225

The Prototype Fairy falls to the ground.

Fury Fairy: Are you new? You can't space out on the battlefield!

Prototype Fairy: Error- 0xc0000001

Fury Fairy: Oh boy, even the processor is kaput.

Taunt Fairy: Don't just stand there, prepare to provide support.

Taunt Fairy: And can someone haul this unfortunate idiot back?

Prototype Fairy: Researcher, may I ask you a question?

Female Researcher: Sure, Origin. What do you want to know?

Prototype Fairy: Why don't you destroy me? You said I have no ability whatsoever, which means I have no reason to exist.

Prototype Fairy: Sustaining my activity will only be a waste of resources.

Female Researcher: No, Origin.

The female researcher bends down and rests her right fist on the Prototype Fairy's chest.

Female Researcher: A reason to exist is something you need to look for yourself.

Female Researcher: I hope you can find what you are meant to do the way we humans do.

Prototype Fairy: ...

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Have you regained consciousness?

Prototype Fairy: Affirmative. According to my combat records, I've created trouble for you. Sorry about that.

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Don't mention it. I've only moved you here.

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Speaking of which, you look kinda different than before.

Prototype Fairy: It's the price for repairing myself. Don't worry about it.

Prototype Fairy: Are you... listening to music?

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Yeah, I'll be heading to the frontlines after this song.

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Do you like music?

Prototype Fairy: Not particularly. But why are you listening to music?

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: You're strange. Why would I need a reason?

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Still, I suppose I do it to make some happy memories.

Prototype Fairy: Happy memories?

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Yeah, I want to remember the happy times even if I'm about to confront the enemy.

Prototype Fairy: That makes no sense. It's just a waste of time.

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Heheh, there are things that make even less sense - such as two people taking a walk during the apocalypse.

Prototype Fairy: What?

The Fairy with silver hair and rabbit ears offers a pair of earphones to the Prototype Fairy.

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Wanna listen? Just a song, and a story...about finding yourself.

Prototype Fairy: ...

Prototype Fairy: You said you hate yourself and have given up on yourself...?

Prototype Fairy: Then how did she get back on her feet?

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Don't you understand?

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: No matter how low she falls, she always has friends who trust her by her side. These friends help her.

Prototype Fairy: So her friends found their reason to live because of her?

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: No, but her friends walked with her as she found her way.

Prototype Fairy: Was she lost?

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Maybe, maybe not.

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: But in the end, she found her direction and started to accept herself.

Prototype Fairy: It still makes no sense. That can't be the best course of action at the end of the world.

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: But it's a course of action that will create wonderful memories, don't you think?

Prototype Fairy: Affirmative.

Prototype Fairy: I want to join them.

Prototype Fairy: Maybe it's the story, maybe it's the song...

Prototype Fairy: But I can finally bring myself to make a choice.

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Heheh.

Fairy with Rabbit Ears: Are you going then?

Prototype Fairy: Yes, be it you or them, everyone lives to make themselves happy.

Prototype Fairy: In that case, instead of living aimlessly, I've decided to create happy memories for myself.

Prototype Fairy: Do you mind helping me?

M950A: So those are your memories...

Prototype Fairy: The repair is complete. Giving you an opportunity - that's the memory that I'd like to give myself the most.

M950A: Thank you.

Prototype Fairy: Try to stand up.

M950A: But there are two soldiers guarding the door.

Prototype Fairy: Your performance has improved far beyond its past parameters. Trust me, stand up.

M950A: Okay...

M950A: Wow! This gear...and my weapon... Did you make all this yourself?

Prototype Fairy: Correct. I recreated the physical appearance from your memory.

M950A: Where are you? Let me hide you.

Prototype Fairy: Don't worry about me. Watch out for the enemy.

Bang bang bang! One of the guards fires three consecutive shots in M950A's direction.

M950 ducks beneath the mechanical bed out of reflex.

By then, the other soldier has already dashed up to M950A. He takes out an EMP grenade from his backpack.

Clang!

Assault Team Member: Arghhhh!

M950A flings out an axe, slicing the soldier's hand clean off and knocking the grenade onto the floor.

M950A: This is my...reaction speed?! Thanks, Origin!

M950A: Then...I won't let them lay a finger on Thunder.

Bang bang bang.

The soldier at the door starts firing non-stop at M950A, sending sparks flying off the edge of the mechanical bed.

Meanwhile, he has also fished out an EMP grenade, ready to throw it any moment.

M950A lowers her center of gravity and gathers strength in her legs, then with a massive crash...

Military Guard at the Door: ⁠—!

She punches her way through the wall and makes it outside the safe house.

Bang.

A bullet cracks open the soldier's helmet. He slumps onto the ground without even a chance to scream.

The other soldier who has lost a hand has also passed out due to excessive blood loss.

M950A: I've neutralized...both of them.

M950A gently lifts Thunder off the floor.

M950A: I'm taking you away from this place now.

M950A: Origin, where are you?

Pzzt.

Only the sound of electricity buzzing could be heard.

M950A: Origin? Was she caught in the blast?

The electric crackling is coming from a corner of the house.

M950A: What is that?

With Thunder on her back, M950A follows the sound into the corner, but finds no trace of the Prototype Fairy.

M950A: Origin? Come with us.

Then, she hears a teeny tiny voice.

She tries to locate its source...and eventually directs her gaze at the rubble on the floor...

Beneath the rubble, a vocal module is emitting sound.

M950A: Origin...? Is that you?

Prototype Fairy: Affirmative...

Pzzzt... The electric crackling is almost drowning out the voice.

M950A: ...What happened to you? That can't be the doing of some stray bullets.

Prototype Fairy: This is...the price.

Prototype Fairy: I was able to rebuild your body because I gave you my own parts.

M950A: W-What?!

Prototype Fairy: It's nothing surprising. My ability has always been simple - give you Dolls support at the cost of myself.

Prototype Fairy: I've known this since the moment of my creation.

M950A suddenly recalls the conversation between the Protoype Fairy and the researcher.

M950A: That's why the researcher said...

M950A: It was a...heavy price to pay.

Prototype Fairy: She...was so kind to me... She could've just given me an order.

M950A's eyes grow moist.

M950A: So you were created to sacrifice yourself for others... T-That's ridiculous!

Prototype Fairy: That's why she gave me a choice, and I don't regret making it.

Prototype Fairy: It's a big world, I've met a lot of interesting people and done some interesting things. I'm content.

M950A: Origin... You've had so little time.

Prototype Fairy: That's fine, I have happy memories, and thanks to you, I've found my way.

Prototype Fairy: Thank you. I've come to love myself.

M950A: ⁠—!

Prototype Fairy: Can I also be your friend?

M950A: Of c⁠—

Before M950A can finish, cracks appear on the Prototype Fairy's vocal module, breaking it into chunks in a matter of seconds.

...M950A takes off her jacket and drapes it over the Fairy's remains.

M950A: Of course.

She then wipes her face forcefully.

Holding onto Thunder, she leaves the safe house...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

As the clock ticks on, M950A first gets in touch with the Fairies assigned to slow the enemy down.

Then she leaves Thunder in the repair bay of the temporary outpost.

Thunder: ...950... Are you going?

M950A: Yeah. That Military team is moving faster than we imagined.

M950A: I must obliterate them before I can save the Commander.

Thunder: On your own?

M950A: Yeah.

Thunder: ...

M950A: You're not gonna stop me?

Thunder: No, because I know that's what you want to do the most.

Thunder: ...Please come back in one piece.

M950A: Okay.

Thunder: ...

M950A: W-What... Why are you staring at me?

Thunder: ...Your new getup...looks very cool.

M950A: Huh?

M950A: Th-Thanks...

M950A quickly looks away from Thunder's face.

M950A: Then I'll be going.

Thunder: Good luck.

...

M950A soon finds the Military assault team that's looking for her.

M950A: All set.

M950A has deliberately left traces in the trench along their path and hidden herself among the pile of Doll bodies about 20 meters away from the trench.

A Military team comes into her view.

M950A: A team...comprised of human soldiers and Military mech units.

M950A: Four humans, six mechs.

Assault Team Leader: Give the bodies here a sweep.

Bang bang bang...bang bang bang.

M950A observes the team while trying to keep still in the spray of bullets.

Assault Team Member: Report - our scouts have discovered supplies and equipment left behind by Griffin Dolls.

Assault Team Leader: Have the mech units march with us in a vertical line. Keep your eyes open.

Assault Team Member: Yes, sir.

M950A silently approaches the formation from behind.

She then takes out the EMP grenade she seized earlier and lobs it at the Military units in the back of the line.

Beep— Beep—

Two Military units start emitting a noise that alerts the soldiers to their compromised state.

Assault Team Leader: It's that goddamned Doll!

Bang bang bang.

Using the mech units as shields, the four human soldiers open fire as they advance toward M950A.

M950A: They've taken the bait.

M950A dives into the trench, forcing the Military team to follow her into the narrow tunnel.

Bang bang bang.

None of the bullets have hit her directly, but her body is being pummeled by the rocks blasted down by the gunfire.

M950A: One, two, three... Only three humans, though all the mechs are here.

The Military units and soldiers keep firing at M950A without a moment of respite.

M950A zigzags ahead. Her goal is simple - to lead the enemy into the bunker of the trench.

M950A: Ugh...!

Bang bang bang.

More gunfire - Three bullets hit M950A in the back, but thanks to her newly rebuilt body, the damage isn't too serious, though the force almost knocks her off-balance.

M950A: I can't afford to fail here...!

M950A and the Military reach the bunker deep beneath the trench almost simultaneously.

The bunker is derelict and empty, with not a single bullet in sight.

M950A: ...

Assault Team Member: Humph, you did rig this place with explosives, we're not coming in.

Assault Team Member: Does this tin can from Griffin think it can bring us all down?

Assault Team Member: Open fire!

The four Military mechs come dashing straight toward M950A while the human soldiers fire at her from the back to pin her down.

It's clear that even with her improved performance, M950A is still no match for a Military unit in a direct confrontation...let alone four.

M950A draws her gun. But instead of aiming at the enemies...

She empties her mag into the only pillar supporting the bunker.

Bang bang bang. The pillar crumbles in an instant.

Assault Team Member: What?! Shit!

Only then do the soldiers realize that the other pillars of the bunker have been damaged beforehand.

BOOM— Rocks come crashing down like an avalanche, burying M950A and the Military alike.

In the blink of an eye, everyone is trapped beneath the rubble.

Assault Team Leader: Humph, you got us good.

Assault Team Leader: Can't believe it cost us five good men and six mechs just to do you in.

Assault Team Leader: But Griffin has still lost, because I've located your Commander.

Buzz, buzz— An alarm is suddenly triggered in the soldier's detector.

Assault Team Leader: Tsk...!

Enduring the massive weight of the rocks and the burning sensation of her neural cloud going into overdrive, driven by a searing rage against her enemy...

M950A claws her way out of the dirt in front of the assault team leader.

M950A: We Griffins never say die!

She reloads her gun and charges at the enemy with her only dagger in her mouth.

M950A: Our fight may never end.

M950A: We may have to say countless goodbyes.

M950A: But we will never surrender to fate, no matter how cruel it is.

...In the wreckage of the Griffin train.

Commander: ...I'm sorry, but the accident has left me blinded.

Commander: Could you tell me who you are?

The present Dolls stare at each other. Then...they all step forward.

???: Just your Dolls.

M950A: We still have a long journey ahead, and we will have a lot of choices to make.

M950A: That's why I'm going to do all that I can to protect every single person who walks this path with me...

M950A: Together we shall turn this misshapened world into a wide stage where everyone can live on with their happy memories.