Who are we? Where do we come from? Where are we going?

We are not natural creations of the world. It is humans who give us the chance to walk this earth.

But they never tell us where our path leads.

How does the world perceive us? How do humans perceive us?

Are we a part of this world, or is it our ultimate fate to perish and be buried beneath the heavy dust of history?

???: Makarov, wake up!

...After completing a mission, on the way back to the Griffin base.

Type 92: You were sleeping like the dead. We're here. This is the final rest area before we reach the Griffin base.

Makarov: Got it. Get off the truck and stretch your legs.

AAT-52: Here we are again...

STEN MkII: This place always gives me the heebie-jeebies...

AAT-52 grumbles as she reluctantly climbs off the truck. STEN also looks slightly uneasy.

I know precisely why.

Type 92: Oh c'mon, not again!

Type 92: I just don't understand why they're always using our rest areas as garbage dumps…

Type 92 scoops up an armful of mechanical parts and tosses them away. I tap her on the shoulder and shake my head, telling her to stop wasting her effort.

Makarov: Just leave it, 92. You'll never clear this up.

This is a mechanical mass grave, a place where discarded machines are dumped.

Such mass graves used to be built in cities to make it more convenient for humans to dispose of decommissioned mechanical devices, robots and parts, but gradually, the cities could no longer recycle wastes on such scale.

Most of the remains lying here in their peaceful slumber are low-tier domestic appliances. Machines of higher tiers or even Dolls have all been carved up before they even reach this place.

STEN MkII: They look kinda sad...

Makarov: Everyone here has fulfilled their purpose. Don't feel sorry for them.

AAT-52: Will we also end up here one day?

Makarov: ...

STEN MkII: Huh?! No way!

Type 92: Don't worry yourself over nothing. Tomatoes aren't recyclable wastes. They just get buried underground.

Type 92: Then they must start pushing up new tomatoes, or they'll get beaten up.

AAT-52: Then I'd rather end up here!

AAT-52: Hold on, I'm not a tomato...

Makarov: 92, give the truck a quick check-up.

Makarov: STEN, AAT, go and gather some supplies. We've still got quite some distance to cover before we get home.

Type 92: Right.

STEN MkII: No problem!

AAT-52: C'mon, let's go.

Now I'm the only one here.

I hike up the mound of gloomy mechanical remains and spot a few humans scouring the place for valuable parts.

From time to time, they would dig out a machine that looks relatively intact and start pulling it apart with great efficiency...

Makarov: ...

Makarov: It's the same every time we come. Utterly lifeless.

I avert my gaze and look down at my feet.

That's when I notice I am being watched by something hiding behind a pile of scraps.

Makarov: Who...are you?

???: ...

I'm surprised that a fully functional and autonomous machine is still roaming the mechanical mass grave. It should have been taken apart by the humans by now.

I step forward unconsciously to get a closer look, but my movements end up spooking it.

???: S...Stay back!

Makarov: I mean you no harm.

It grabs a flat piece of metal off the ground and wields it like a shield, keeping it between us and backing away.

Makarov: ...

I should have stopped then, but an inexplicable bout of curiosity urges me to press on.

It looks like a dual-purpose bot that provides both directions and cleaning services – the kind that are quite common in shopping centers...

Makarov: Are you from a shopping center?

???: ...

It does not answer. It simply keeps backing away distrustfully. Its small figure eventually disappears behind a mound.

I follow suit and climb up the mound that it just vanished behind, but the thin wooden plank I'm stepping on snaps and my leg falls right through.

By the time I free my leg, the bot is already nowhere to be seen.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: I got bamboozled by a roomba...

Type 92: Hey, Makarov! Where are you?

Type 92: We're ready to go.

AAT-52: Come back already! I wanna go home!

Makarov: I'll be right there.

Disgruntled, I sweep my gaze over the place once more, but still the bot eludes me. In the end, I have to give up and return to the rest area.

...The next day, at the mechanical mass grave.

Compelled by god-knows-what, I find myself back at this place.

Makarov: I wonder if that little guy is still in one piece...

I walk over to the spot where I saw it yesterday, but the area looks like it has been turned upside down. There are what appears to be multiple sets of footsteps.

I follow them and sure enough, I come across several humans who are busy searching for something.

Scavenger 1: Hey, whatcha lookin' at?!

Scavenger 1: Wanna be stripped for parts, huh?

Scavenger 2: That's a Tactical Doll. She's not something we can peddle...

Scavenger 1: What rotten luck! Get outta my face!

Makarov: ...

Makarov: Apologies.

While pretending to concentrate on conversing with the humans, I spot the bot in my peripheral vision. It is lying at the bottom of the slope just next to the humans, right in their blind spot. It looks unconscious.

That said, these two humans are experienced scavengers. If they keep going, they will soon find the bot and dismantle it…

Even an antelope cannot outrun old age; one day a ferocious lioness will snap its neck with her deadly jaws.

It's the laws of nature.

I should not interfere.

Makarov: Please do excuse me.

I bow slightly and leave the mechanical mass grave.

...In an abandoned cabin near the Griffin base.

K11: Hold on a sec!

K11 lets out a loud bellow as she shines her flashlight at me.

K11: Repeat what you just said!

Makarov: Which sentence?

K11: Something about nature.

Makarov: It's the laws of nature.

Makarov: I should not interfere...?

K11: Yes! That's it!

K11 slams her hand down onto the table and points at the small bot lying on the surface.

K11: So how did it get here?!

Makarov: K11, you've been engrossed in your experiments for so long you forget that things don't always go according to plan out in the field.

K11: Don't try to fudge your way out of this, Makarov.

K11: I'm asking you – what are you planning to do with this thing?

K11: Are you going to keep it as an electronic pet? So you want to get a taste of being a master?

Makarov: Just fix it first. Didn't you say you aren't even certain if it can be repaired?

K11: No, no, no, that's not that point here. It's you.

K11: This goes far beyond scavenging for parts to patch yourself up.

K11: You have interfered with the laws of nature, Makarov. You must pay the price.

K11 leans in close and stares straight into my eyes.

K11: You've altered its fate, so now you must take responsibility.

...Some time later.

Makarov: Can you actually do it?

K11: Are you questioning my ability? I'm an expert, you know!

Makarov: So what are you doing, waving those explosives around?

K11: Don't second-guess an expert's actions with your non-existent knowledge!

K11: This little guy is almost at its limit. All its parts suffered from heavy wear-and-tear and had to be switched out.

K11: But worst of all, its motherboard overheated so badly it almost melted. If that happens, all its data will be lost and it will never boot up again.

K11: However, it isn't possible to copy data on this model due to the safeguards that are in place to protect its clients' privacy.

Makarov: That doesn't sound good.

K11: I'll try to contact the manufacturer. Who knows, they may still be selling this kind of motherboard.

K11: Still, you should prepare for the possibility that it will just crash and be gone for good, Makarov.

Makarov: I understand. Thank you, K11.

K11: Eh, don't be so corny. I'm not really doing this out of the goodness of my heart.

Makarov: ...

K11: I'm curious though. What ARE you planning to do with it?

Makarov: Nothing. I'll just watch it.

Makarov: I want to observe what choices a little bot that has been set free will make, and what kind of future it will forge for itself.

K11: Will you really be able to remain an impassive bystander and refrain from meddling?

Makarov: Of course.

K11: Humph, we'll see.

K11 leaves the cabin.

Makarov turns to study the little bot lying silently on the table.

Makarov: You have been given a new life, freedom, and the chance to leave your past behind.

Makarov: What choices will you make?

Makarov: Will you stick faithfully to your programming, or will you explore your new possibilities...?
Part 2

2

What kind of existence is ours? Which direction should we go? What purpose have we been given?

All these answers about my identity are hidden in the mist, always out of sight, out of reach.

But as a Doll, no matter what we know, our directive never changes.

We just have to complete our mission. So keep going.

Without an objective, there is no order.

Without order, everything will fall apart...

...In the abandoned cabin near the Griffin base.

I activate the little bot that has been repaired.

???: ...

Makarov: ...

???: Don't take me apart!!!

The little bot curls up into a ball and shields itself with its stubby arms.

Makarov: If that had been my intention, I would've done it long ago.

???: ...

???: You're right.

The bot stretches to its full height and studies me.

???: Then you must be my new master!

Makarov: What? I did not input that kind of setting.

???: But I just checked my authentication log. Your face matches my new master's face here.

???: Though I don't know your name...

Makarov: Damn K11... I was just wondering why she would need face recognition for repairing the bot...

???: So...how may I address you?

Makarov: I'm Makarov, a Griffin Tactical Doll.

The little bot nods solemnly and stands up straight.

???: Esteemed Lady Makarov, I am a former employee of a mega shopping center in the city. I was in charge of directing customers to different locations and carrying out simple cleaning and decoration duties. I have served thousands of customers and have a rating of over 99.8%!

???: I will not disappoint!

Makarov: Just call me Makarov.

Makarov: How did a shopping center employee end up in a mechanical mass grave?

???: The shopping center went out of business...

Makarov: ...

???: Heheh, since I now have a new job, please give me a new name, Lady Makarov!

The bot hops off the table and starts rubbing itself against my leg.

Makarov: ...Stop it.

???: So what is my new name?

Makarov: Aelita.

Aelita: I like it. What does it mean?

Makarov: It's just a random name I pulled off the internet.

Aelita: ...That's really mean!

Makarov: ...

Aelita: Lady Makarov! You just said you work for Griffin, so am I also—

Makarov: No.

Aelita: I haven't even finished my question...

Makarov: We don't have any suitable vacancies for someone like you.

Aelita: I don't believe you!

Aelita: I, Aelita, am an outstanding employee!

Aelita: Humans love me!

Makarov: ...

Makarov: If you won't give up, you can take the entry test.

Aelita: Sure! Let me show you what I've got!

...Griffin entry test completed.

Aelita: (Sobs) This can't be!

Aelita: I failed?!

Makarov: I told you...

Aelita: (Wails)

Makarov: ...

Makarov: At least you scored full marks on ethics.

Aelita: I was hoping I could work together with Lady Makarov...

Aelita: So what am I supposed to do?

Makarov: This is your workplace.

Makarov: What you do is up to you.

Aelita: That's it? It's up to me?

Makarov: That's right, you have to decide how you are going to spend the rest of your days for yourself.

Aelita: Huh?

Aelita: I've never received such a task before...

Aelita starts pacing anxiously in circles inside the cabin.

Makarov: Aelita, make your choice.

...That night.

Aelita: Initiating self diagnostic.

Aelita: Today is Aelita's...

Aelita: Hold on... 3831th day of operation?!

Aelita: That's way beyond my expected lifespan...

Aelita: It's a miracle that I can still move!

Aelita jumps up onto the windowsill carefully and gazes up at the moon.

Aelita: The world is still such a beautiful place.

...The next day, in the abandoned cabin.

By my next visit, the derelict interior filled with dust and cobwebs have become significantly cleaner.

A small figure is bustling about in the cabin.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: She's gone back to her old line of work, huh.

Aelita: Good morning, Lady Makarov!

Aelita: What can I do for you today?

Makarov: I'm just dropping by to check on you.

Aelita: I have tidied all the rooms. Isn't the place much cleaner now?

Makarov: Yes, you've done a very good job.

Aelita: Then please rate my performance!

Ignoring Aelita's raised hands, I slowly kneel down and peer intently at the bot.

Makarov: Aelita, did you choose to clean because it's the only thing you're good at?

Aelita: Of course not. I'm skilled at multiple tasks – cleaning, giving directions, chatting...

Makarov: So why have you settled on this task?

Aelita: Hm... Because I enjoy cleaning!

Makarov: Do you really though...?

Aelita: What do you mean?

Makarov: Nothing. Keep going.

Makarov: I should also get back to my work.

Aelita: Okay! Good luck, Lady Makarov!

Just before I exit the room, I turn to look at Aelita again.

It is standing on a small stool while scrubbing the table top. It really does seem to be enjoying itself.

...The third day.

Even from afar, I can see the small figure sweeping snow outside the abandoned cabin.

A row of tiny snowmen are standing neatly outside the door.

Makarov: What are you doing out here?

Makarov: Didn't I tell you to stay inside the cabin just to be safe?

Aelita: But there's nothing else for me to do in there, Lady Makarov!

Makarov: ...

Aelita: Don't worry, I won't let those scavengers find me.

Makarov: This area is pretty safe so I'm not worried about that...

Makarov: You know, you have a lot of options.

Makarov: You don't have to go back to what you've always done...

K11: Will you really be able to remain an impassive bystander and refrain from meddling?

Aelita scratches her head in confusion. I realize I have almost made the mistake of manipulating its decision.

Aelita: I...don't understand.

Makarov: That's okay. Let's take it slow.

Makarov: Just do what you want to do.

...The fourth day.

A small path has been cleared outside the cabin. A signpost has even been erected to kindly give directions to non-existent guests.

A small figure is diligently gathering scattered wood.

Makarov: You've expanded your territory again.

Aelita: Heheh, this is nothing! My former workplace was a lot bigger!

Aelita: Oh, did I say something I shouldn't...?

Makarov: Doesn't this get boring?

Aelita: Nope! Every day is a new day!

As I watch Aelita toils eagerly away, I swallow the words that almost fell out of my lips.

...The fifth day.

I see the small path cleared of snow just a short distance away from the Griffin base.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: Aelita...

I follow the path.

Makarov: Aelita?

Makarov: Aelita, are you in here?

Nothing but dust motes dance around me in the sunlight in the clean and tidy cabin.

Makarov: She hasn't broken down, has she?

Makarov: Aelita!

Makarov: Aelita, where are you?!

I study the traces on the ground and try to picture Aelita's movements...

A river babbles nearby. A branch snaps under the weight of snow. Rocks knock against each other lightly...

Tap, tap, tap.

Thunk. Thunk. Thunk.

Tap, tap, tap.

Makarov: ··· --- ···

Makarov: Wait, what's that?

Makarov: Aelita!

I follow the sound.

Behind a large rock on the riverbank, I find an immobilized Aelita.

Aelita: Lady Makarov...

Makarov: ...Was it a malfunction?

Aelita: I slipped on the snow, tumbled down, and smashed into the rock.

Aelita: My legs are in bits...

I gather the parts and pick up Aelita gently before returning to the cabin.

I reassemble Aelita's legs.

Aelita: Thank you, Lady Makarov!

Makarov: Good thing you know Morse code, or it would've taken ages to find you.

Aelita: Heheh...

Makarov: Stop running around. It's too dangerous for you.

Aelita: But it's my job.

Aelita: Didn't you tell me to choose my own task?

Makarov: So you've made it your job to test your luck?

Aelita: No! My job is to improve the area so as to provide better services for future customers!

Makarov: ...

Makarov: You only "picked" that task because of your original programming.

Makarov: You have been programmed to enjoy cleaning and interacting with humans. You are not doing this by choice.

Aelita: What's the problem with that?

Makarov: ...

Aelita: I feel content because I know right from the start what I want to do and what I enjoy doing.

Aelita: Besides, isn't my programming also a part of me?

Aelita: Why would a choice made by my programming not be my choice...?

I stare at Aelita, flabbergasted. Her answer has left me speechless.

Aelita: Am I wrong?

Aelita: But I'm not half as smart as you to begin with, Lady Makarov, you've got to cut me some slack...

Makarov: Not at all. You just gave me quite an extraordinary answer, that's all.

Aelita: Heheh, I'm glad I didn't offend you...

It is not too obvious, but Aelita seems just a bit sheepish.
Part 3

3

...A few days later, in Makarov's dorm.

AAT-52: Hey, super bad news! Have you checked Grifchan?

STEN MkII: What's wrong?

Type 92: MDR just started a new stream.

MDR: Hello! It's been quite a long time, can't believe we're meeting again under such circumstances!

MDR: I'm sure you've heard about the mysterious figure who's been spotted in the base lately, yeah?

MDR: It always makes its appearance around midnight. It perfectly exploits the blind spots of our CCTV cameras and does some very odd things.

MDR: I've interviewed a few eye witnesses and compiled some very interesting accounts.

MDR: Stay tuned and follow me as we find out more about people's encounters with the mysterious figure!

QSB-91: S-So this is what happened.

QSB-91: I was doing some stocktaking for our foodstuff in the depot and preparing the inventory list for the upcoming delivery. I was feeling really sleepy...

QSB-91: So I went for a quick charge and nap...

Gr G36: Multi, come to my office in a bit.

QSB-91: I'm not slacking off, I swear, Miss Gr G36!

MDR: Back to the subject!

QSB-91: By the time I woke up, the depot was completely sorted and spanking clean!

QSB-91: What's even more unsettling is that even the inventory list for the next day's supply delivery was perfectly written up, and in my own format to boot...

QSB-91: But I certainly didn't write it!

QSB-91: The floor was also still a bit wet from a fresh mopping. The person must've left not long ago...

QSB-91: I was scared out of my mind but I was the only one in the depot! Nobody was around outside either!

Liberator: My roommates and I ordered some food delivery a few nights ago, but when we were done, I couldn't be bothered to sort the waste for recycling.

Liberator: So I thought I'd just chuck the whole thing out in secret in the middle of the night when no one was watching...

Liberator: I left the dorm with the garbage bag and picked a more deserted route.

Liberator: The base was very dark and while I was thinking about which garbage collection point to go to, someone suddenly spoke behind me.

Liberator: "What kind of trash is in there?"

Liberator: I turned around in shock, but the corridor was completely empty! Nobody was there!

Liberator: The voice asked me again...

Liberator: "What kind of trash do you have in there?"

Liberator: I was so scared I just left the bag and ran!

Liberator: Um... Miss Gr G36, I know I messed up...

Liberator: How long do I have to keep standing here for...?

WA2000: That day, I was discharged from the repair bay. I was aching all over, so I thought I'd ask Springfield for a massage at the Café.

WA2000: The Café was open but the lights were off. I thought Springfield was cleaning up in the kitchen, so I just lay down on the sofa and gave her a holler.

WA2000: After a while, someone started massaging my back. It felt really nice and I complimented her.

WA2000: But an unfamiliar voice answered me, "Heheh, you're very welcome. It is my pleasure to be of service."

WA2000: My hair was standing on end! I jumped right off the sofa! I asked them who they were and where they were...

WA2000: They said...

WA2000: "I'm right behind you."

WA2000: But when I turned around, nobody was there! The voice wouldn't stop messing with me...

WA2000: "Stop spinning around, you're making me dizzy..." they said...

WA2000: (Sobs) It was a total nightmare...

CF05: Oh my god, let me tell you – I got the crap scared outta me that night.

CF05: I'd already heard about this creepy figure lurking in the base, so I was on the lookout for trouble on my patrol shift that night.

CF05: While I was walking along the riverbank, I suddenly heard some splashing noise behind me, as if someone was doing their laundry by the water...

CF05: I raised my weapon and got closer to see who it was. I mean, who would hang around the river at that hour?

CF05: But before I could see anything, someone kicked me into the river from behind!

CF05: They were unbelievable fast! Only a T-Doll could've done that!

CF05: Good thing the water wasn't too deep, but by the time I waded out of the water, there was nothing on the riverbank.

...I closed the webpage, my face probably ghastly pale. I shoot a glare toward Aelita, who is lying peacefully on the workbench.

Makarov: Sorry, CF05. I'll treat you to hotpot one of these days as an apology.

K11: Hahahahaha, you sure have been busy, little guy.

K11: You managed to expand your service area to include the Griffin base in just a few days, eh? How very eager of you.

Aelita: I'm just trying to help. Why is everyone so afraid of me?

The parts in your body have been giving out one after the other in the last few days, but your vocal module alone seems perfectly robust.

Aelita: Heheh, is that a compliment?

Makarov: ...

K11: You look pretty tuckered out yourself, Makarov.

Makarov: Keeping an eye on a perky bot is even more exhausting than going on missions.

Makarov: I've been following Aelita around whenever I have time, just to make sure she doesn't give herself away or get herself shot dead by a T-Doll.

K11: Humph, what did I tell you?

Makarov: ...

Makarov: Just think of something quick. Her malfunctions are becoming more and more frequent.

Makarov: Right now she even lags for a few seconds just jumping on the spot. She's practically the AAT of bots.

Aelita: That wasn't jumping on the spot! I was copying the way you kicked CF05 into the river!

K11: Her motherboard is on its last legs.

K11: As I told you last time, I tried to contact Aelita's manufacturer.

K11: They just so happen to have some of those motherboards in stock, so I bought one.

Makarov: Then you can switch out her old one immediately?

K11: I can, but all her data will be gone when I do that.

K11: Like I said, it isn't possible to copy data on this model because of clients' confidentiality.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: I understand. Then please go ahead—

Aelita: No! I don't wanna!

Since Aelita isn't programmed to express anger, she can only hop around in anxious protest.

Makarov: Your motherboard is burning up. If you get fitted with a new one, you can even be upgraded to the newest version.

Aelita: But then all my memories will be gone!

Makarov: Think further ahead. Don't just consider the present; you must also think about your future.

Makarov: As long as you're still up and running, you can always make more memories.

Aelita: But that won't be me anymore...

Makarov: You will still be you. Your programming will not change.

Makarov: Even with your memories wiped, you'll still behave in the same way.

Aelita: ...

Aelita: You don't even care about me...

Aelita: If you do this, how are you different from those bad guys that wanted to take me apart?!!!

Aelita jumps off the workbench and scuttles away through the small hole in the wall.

Makarov: Aelita! Your repairs aren't done yet!

K11: Wow, that's cold, Makarov.

Makarov: ...

K11: Humph, you call this being an impassive bystander?

K11: You look just like a smaller version of the Commander fussing over a disobedient subordinate.

K11 crosses her arms and peers at me with an amused smirk.

Makarov: Stop flapping your gums and help me look for Aelita!

Type 92: ...Say, have you noticed anything odd about Makarov lately?

AAT-52: Oh, you finally said it!

AAT-52: I've been dying to ask about that for a while now but I don't want to get smacked…

STEN MkII: You're right, she hasn't been hanging out with us these days.

STEN MkII: Though she's always had the habit of running off to ponder deep questions in god-knows-where...

Type 92: But this is different!

Type 92: She seems really busy these days even though we haven't received any assignments...

AAT-52: She also looks tired.

AAT-52: Like she's been doing something incredibly important...

STEN MkII: Huh?! You don't mean...

AAT-52: I suspect...she has a "petit ami" out there!

Makarov: Aelita! Where are you?!

My shouts echo desolately across the frozen water.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: Aelita...

I recall my first encounter with Aelita, how she raised a shield against me and slipped away, blending in with the surroundings deftly...

That was an unusual sight at a mechanical mass grave.

I was intrigued right from the start because she was special.

So how could I threaten to take away what makes her special...?

K11: Humph, what did I tell you?

Makarov: ...

I am supposed to be an observer, but for some time now, I haven't been able to just watch as Aelita's life slips away little by little and accept it with objective rationality.

I put away my observer's logs and reach out desperately to stop the ever-flowing sand in the hourglass, even at the cost of hurting Aelita.

Yet it all started just because I wanted to...

K11: I'm curious though. What ARE you planning to do with it?

Makarov: Nothing. I'll just watch it.

Makarov: I want to observe what choices a little bot that has been set free will make, and what kind of future it will forge for itself.

K11: Will you really be able to remain an impassive bystander and refrain from meddling?

Makarov: Of course.

Makarov: ...

The icy winds howl, and my heart seems to freeze as I stand in the cold.

(Rustles)

All of a sudden, something small bursts out of the snow.

Aelita: ...

Aelita: Ugh...

Aelita: Lady Makarov...

Makarov: Aelita.

Aelita: I'm sorry for losing my temper...

Aelita: Please punish me, Lady Makarov!

Makarov: I was wrong too. I shouldn't have forced my wishes onto you.

Makarov: But your life is so short I just can't help but try to prolong it...

Aelita: My life is short, that's true, but that only makes every single day all the more precious to me.

Makarov: ...

Aelita: There are many things I still don't understand, but...

Aelita: I just want to do what I love – make everything squeaky clean, serve every customer that I come across.

Aelita: And wait for you to check on me, Lady Makarov.

Aelita: Just like right now.

Makarov: Alright, I won't force you anymore.

I pick up Aelita from the snow and wipe her dry.

Her weight feels incredibly real – far more tangible than the uncertain future.

Aelita: Are you crying, Lady Makarov...?

Type 92 smacks AAT-52 upside the head.

Type 92: Stop spewing hot garbage!

AAT-52: What did you do that for?!

STEN MkII: Don't fight, guys...

The door to the dorm suddenly opens.

Makarov: Things sure are lively in here.

Type 92: Makarov, AAT said you're seeing some—

The three Dolls, who were wrestling with each other, look toward Makarov and do a double take in unison...

Makarov: Guys, this is Aelita. Aelita, these three are my teammates.

Aelita: Hello, happy to be of service!

...A few hours later.

AAT-52: Hahahaha... Aelita, you're hilarious!

Aelita: No, you tell such interesting stories!

Type 92: Hey, Makarov, can't you find a way to get Aelita into Griffin?

STEN MkII: It'd be great if Aelita could join the team.

Makarov: Aelita, it's time to go.

Aelita: Okay, coming!

AAT-52: What's the rush? Let me spend more time with Aelita!

STEN MkII: We'll have all the time to hang out later, AAT!

Makarov: ...

I put Aelita into my backpack and leave the dorm, leaving the cheerful chatter behind.

Makarov: We're here. Come on out.

Makarov: Also, my team has to leave for an assignment tomorrow.

Aelita: Will it take long, Lady Makarov?

Aelita stumbles clumsily out of my backpack.

Makarov: Yeah, we'll be gone for several days.

Makarov: Be good and stay in the cabin while we're away. I've asked K11 to keep an eye on you, but she also has her own work and can only spend two, three days with you.

Aelita: Don't worry!

Makarov: Stay safe.

Aelita: No problem!

Makarov: Don't go near the river. You're not water-proof anymore.

Aelita: Got it!

Makarov: And stay away from fire.

Aelita: Hahahaha, why are you so long-winded today?

Makarov: ...

Makarov: I'm going then.

Aelita: I'll be waiting for you to come back~ ♪

I close the door. Aelita has hopped onto the windowsill to wave me goodbye.

For some reason, I feel a large lump in my throat all of a sudden.

...A few days later, Team Palette returns to the base.

AAT-52: I'm gonna be the first to see Aelita!

Type 92: Who'd have thought tomatoes can run so fast?!

STEN MkII: Wait up!

Makarov: ...

The door to the cabin is wide open, and a trail of messy footprints lead away from the cabin.

For a moment, I picture the mechanical mass grave in my mind – Aelita lying sprawled beneath a mound of discarded parts...

Type 92: Makarov, Aelita isn't in there...!
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...In the depot.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: That's just like you. You're a true master of hide-and-seek.

Makarov picks up Aelita from the floor. The little bot is covered in dust and grime.

Makarov gives her a good wipe-down with her sleeve.

Commander: Makarov...

Makarov: Commander, I've been told that it was you who found Aelita. Could you tell me more?

Makarov: I want to know how she spent her final moments...

Two days ago, midnight, in the command room.

Commander: God, I'm so tired. When can I stop working overtime...?

Commander: Springfield, can I have a coffee, please?

...

Commander: Even Springfield has gotten off work, huh. Guess I'll make one myse—

A fresh cup of coffee slid up against my hand.

I looked to see where it had come from and spotted an unfamiliar bot hopping off my desk...

I snatched it up out of reflex.

Commander: What the... Am I hallucinating?

Commander: Who are you? I don't think we have bots of this model in our base...

???: Ack... I got caught!

???: Please let go of me! I am Aelita, a proper service bot!

Commander: Service bot?

Commander: A purchase of Gr G36's? I haven't heard about this at all.

Aelita: Uh...

Aelita: I should get back to work! I wish you a pleasant night!

The round bot scrambled off my lap and started cleaning the floor and windows meticulously...

Aelita: Phew... All done!

Aelita: Please rate my performance!

Commander: Hm, excellent!

I sipped my seventh coffee of the night and nodded at Aelita with satisfaction.

I do hope Gr G36 will buy more capable bots like this one.

Aelita: Then...I...shall...

Aelita: Take...my...leave...

Commander: Are you okay?

Aelita headed for the door but walked right into the wall next to the door frame.

Aelita: Strange... This isn't...the door...

Aelita kept bumping into the wall...

I lifted her to put her down outside the door and only then did I notice how hot she felt in my hands.

Commander: You seem to be overheating. Why don't I take you to the Factory?

Aelita: Thank...you...

Aelita: But...I have...to go...back...

Aelita kept trudging forward laboriously. I saw smoke billowing from the little bot and followed her out of concern.

Aelita walked on and on with great determination...

Until she came to this small cabin.

Commander: Aelita, are you looking for someone?

Aelita: Yep! I promised...I would be...waiting for her...to come back...

Aelita: I have to...tell her...I got...praised...

Aelita: Heheh...

Aelita gazed out the window at the dark sky. There were no stars, but she smiled contently.

Commander: Tell who?

Aelita: They say...humans spend a lifetime searching...

Aelita: Searching for the spark...searching for the person...with whom they want to spend the rest of their lives…

Commander: ...

Aelita: I'm so lucky...

Aelita: I'm just an ordinary...

Aelita: But I found...

Commander: Aelita?

Aelita gave no answer.

Commander: After checking with Gr G36, it became clear that this little bot wasn't on the staff roster.

Commander: Gr G36 thought this was a serious breach in security, but I had a feeling that Aelita was benign, so I put her here in the depot.

Makarov: Thank you, Commander.

Commander: Now that it's all cleared up, I'm giving her back to you.

Commander: You may take Aelita away, Makarov.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: Okay.

Makarov leaves the depot with Aelita in her arms.

She keeps her head down, so I never get to see her face.

Aelita: Heh, I know what "Aelita" means!

Makarov: Hm?

Aelita: It's Martian!

Aelita: It means "starlight seen for the last time".

Makarov: We can't even tell for sure if the Martian language exists.

Aelita: How do you know?

Makarov: No one has seen it.

Aelita: No one has seen the future either.

Aelita: But you still believe the future is there and you keep searching for a way to discern it.

Makarov: ...

Aelita: I just think...

Makarov: What?

Aelita: If you are too obsessed about the future, you won't notice the changes around you.

Aelita: You won't know how many butterflies have fluttered by today, how many chicks there are in the nest that the swallows have secretly built under the eaves, or how many cookies Lady AAT has stolen from the stash in your room...

Makarov smiled at Aelita.

Aelita: Alright, stop looking at me like that. I can tell you've had enough of my nonsense.

Aelita: I'm starting my work for the day!

Alita hopped off the table and got to work.

Makarov put down her book and looked out the window. She caught sight of a swallow who just returned to its nest and was feeding its chicks...

...Makarov steps into the modification chamber with Aelita in her arms.

Kalina: ...Are you sure about this, Makarov?

Kalina: Once we begin the process, the changes are irreversible.

Makarov: Yes. Please begin.

Makarov closes her eyes. She knows that when she reopens them, she will forever have a chatterbox in the base layer of her neural cloud.

A yammering bot who kept cleaning diligently every day, who never stopped working to improve her services even though she never had any guests.

Makarov: She was a pain in the ass through and through...

The corners of Makarov's lips turn up almost imperceptibly...

Makarov: I'm back.

AAT-52: MON DIEEEUUUU!!!!

AAT-52: Makarov, you look so cool!!!

Type 92: When will it be my turn to get my upgrade?!

STEN MkII: I'm jealous!

Makarov: Right, let me put Aelita down first.

STEN MkII: ...

Makarov places the motionless Aelita on her bedside table.

Type 92: Aelita... She'll never wake up again, will she...

AAT-52: It makes me sad every time I think about her...

AAT-52: Is that what we'll become one day? (Sniffles)

STEN MkII: Stop it, AAT. Now you're making me cry...

Type 92: Makarov, what will the future hold for us?

Makarov: Who knows?

Makarov lies down on her bed serenely.

Type 92: Strange. You usually have a lot to say on this kind of subject.

AAT-52: Yeah, why are you so quiet today?

STEN MkII: Are you still grieving for Aelita...?

Makarov gazes at the blank ceiling and suddenly chuckles.

Makarov: I have wasted too much time pondering my own existence and trying to reach for intangible things.

Makarov: I can't even figure out what it means to be a Doll, let alone what's going to happen to us in the future.

Type 92: Makarov...

Makarov: Perhaps there isn't any deep or significant meaning to our existence. All we need to do is be ourselves and live a good life.

Makarov: Embrace our friends in the cold winter. Pick up a tattered leaf in the bleak fall. Enjoy the cool shade under a tree in the sweltering summer. Smell the marvelous flowers in the warm spring...

Makarov: The way she did...

AAT-52: Makarov!

STEN MkII: I wasn't expecting something so sentimental from you...

The members of Team Palette hold each other in a tight embrace.

Makarov tilts her head to the side – Aelita seems to wink at her from the bedside table...