It's another normal, sunny day at the Griffin base.

But the tranquility is interrupted by a set of hurried footsteps...

Kalina: Hey, MG4~ It took me ages to track you down!

Gr MG4: Oh, Miss Kalina... How may I help you?

Kalina: You don't have to be so formal with me. Anyway, we're planning a new batch of neural upgrades, and you're on the list!

Kalina: So if you have any special requests, just bring it up to the Commander.

Gr MG4: ...Upgrade? ...I have no special requests.

Gr MG4: Just let the Commander decide. I'm alright with anything.

Kalina: Huh? You don't have to rush to a decision. Just give it some thought.

Kalina: Why don't you discuss this with some Dolls that you're close to? They may be able give you some interesting advice.

Gr MG4: Dolls...that I'm close to? Right... I understand.

Gr MG4: Close...? I'd count my blessings if no Dolls hated me.

She pushes open the door to her dorm, and her personal Beepo, which has been waiting in the corner, lights up instantly.

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Beepo online!

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Welcome back, dear MG4~

Gr MG4 lies sprawled on the sofa and Beepo saunters over to her side.

MG4: Beepo, what kind of Dolls do you think people like?

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: I'm sure people will like whatever you like!

Gr MG4: I was designed as a general-purpose firearm just like everyone else, so why am I not as popular as the others?

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Beepo loves MG4!

Gr MG4: How do you think I should get along with the other Dolls?

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: They will all come and hang out with you!

Gr MG4: You're getting dumber! I'm going to ask customer service for an AI replacement.

Gr MG4: Ugh, nevermind. I'll just try to look up the answer myself.

Welcome to 16LAB Entertainment, where you can talk about all things T-Dolls.

Gr MG4: Search... How to get along with Dolls.

Gr MG4: 1, 2, 3... There are over 100 pages! So everyone has similar problems...

Gr MG4: Point number 1, 2, 3, 4... Right, I've jotted down everything!

Gr MG4: Things to watch out for... 200 Socializing Tips...

Gr MG4: Play some dangerous games with friends...

Gr MG4: Activities that pump you full of adrenaline and make you forget about yourself tend to work best...

Gr MG4: Examples include: roller coasters, haunted houses, pirate ships... They all seem like pretty good ideas.

Gr MG4: Who...who should I call?

Gr MG4: If I take the initiative to invite people, I'll make a good impression...?

Gr MG4: Then...then let me just pull myself together and randomly call someone...

Gr MG4: (Dial tone)

Gr MG4: Oh, it's M60. She's a very serious Doll, will she find this a waste of time?

Gr MG4: (Dial tone)

Gr MG4: Why isn't she picking up...? D-Did she block me?

Gr MG4: That can't be right! I-I haven't done anything, have I...?

Gr MG4: Hello, this is M60. I am currently in the middle of a training session. Please leave a message.

Gr MG4: Oh, you're training. Then don't worry about it, it's nothing important.

Gr MG4: Gr MG4 hangs up lightly.

Gr MG4: Phew... That was a relief, but it's also a bit disappointing...

Gr MG4: Should I try someone else?

Gr MG4: I-I'll give it another go!

(Dial tone)

SIG-510: Gr...MG4, I have never received a call from you... Is there an emergency? I can set off right away!

Gr MG4: Huh? ...N-No, I'm just wondering, uh, if you've been doing alright lately!

Gr MG4: Dammit, I can't bring myself to ask her if she's free...

SIG-510: I...I've been well, living the life of an ordinary Griffin T-Doll.

Gr MG4: O-Oh, that's nice! Yeah, I was just wondering. Then um, um... Have you had any...thoughts lately?

Gr MG4: Such as going out to do something fun.

SIG-510: Do you have some bad news for me? Please just give it to me straight. I can take it.

Gr MG4: No! I just suddenly want to talk to you...

SIG-510: That's impossible. We aren't on such close terms that you'd call me just to talk out of the blue.

Gr MG4: ...

SIG-510: Did the Commander or some other Doll have any complaints about me? Please tell me what I have done wrong.

Gr MG4: No, no, you've got it all wrong! It really isn't what you think! I just want a casual chat!

Gr MG4: Aaaaaaaaargh this is so embarrassing!!!

SIG-510: You don't have to spare my feelings. Please just get to the point!

Gr MG4: There's really no point to get to!

Gr MG4: What should I do what should I do what should I do what should I do aaaaaargh I'm gonna short out!

SIG-510: Just say it! I can take it!

Gr MG4: Hey, what's going on? I can't hear you...

Gr MG4: I'm having really bad reception! I-I'm hanging up!

...Beep, beep, beep...

Incoming comms request from SIG-510. Accept call?

Gr MG4: No, disconnect right now!

Gr MG4: Ughhh, this is too hard. I'll just go on my own.
Part 2

2

Gr MG4: ...As expected of an already-famous haunted house despite being newly opened. It looks super creepy even on the outside.

Gr MG4: Good thing I came alone, or I would have made a fool of myself if I got frightened...

Gr MG4: Just imagining it...

Gr MG4: I would rather just crash!

The queue outside the entrance is so long it snakes around twice, and by the time it's Gr MG4's turn to enter the haunted house, it has already snaked around four more times.

Haunted House Owner: Welcome to Hammer of the Haunted House, our newest creation that is guaranteed to give everyone a good scare and a wonderful time!

Haunted House Owner: Oh, Miss Doll, could you please temporarily disable your attack and recon modules?

Gr MG4: Oh, sure. Is there anything else I need to watch out for?

Haunted House Owner: Our staff members will not cause visitors any harm, so please refrain from panicking excessively. If you experience erratic heartbeat or any other discomfort, simply stay where you are and put up your hand. We monitor everything that happens inside, and a staff member will escort you out of the haunted house.

Haunted House Owner: Now then, please enjoy this freakish and spooky adventure!

The moment the group step through the wooden door, all the lights go out abruptly.

A small commotion breaks out...

Sudden Scream: Waaaaaaah! A ghost!!!

The crowd sprints away, leaving a young woman with a long, lulling tongue and Gr MG4 to stare wordlessly at each other.

The woman reaches out to Gr MG4's face with blood-soaked hand...

Gr MG4: ...You came all this way to say hello to me. That's so cute.

Not knowing how to react to this, the long-tongued woman just nudges Gr MG4 on towards the crowd.

After just a few steps, more terrified shrieks reach her ears.

Sudden Scream: Go away! Stop coming after me!

Sudden Scream: Stay back! I'm a boxer! Get any closer and I'll punch you!

A headless figure shuffles towards the group.

Everyone starts backing away in fear.

Gr MG4: Huh, I wonder if this headless person is male or female... This is so intriguing!

Gr MG4: I love how they are all so eager to approach me!

Sudden Scream: Who stepped on my foot?!

The person next to her suddenly lets out a yelp, and she turns her head out of curiosity.

Lean Ghostly Figure: ...I shall take your life...

Gr MG4: Hahahaha, but you're not even armed, how are you supposed to take my life?

Lean Ghostly Figure: ...I shall consume you...

Lean Ghostly Figure: ...In your dreams...

Gr MG4: Tonight? I'll be waiting.

Lean Ghostly Figure: ...

The hour-long tour in the haunted house is over. The visitors, still unnerved from the experience, are chattering with each other about how they feel...

Gr MG4: That was so much fun!

Gr MG4: I love being around so many people! I want to come again~

Haunted House Owner: Miss Doll! If I may have a minute~

Gr MG4: Is someone talking to me?

Haunted House Owner: Yes! I was watching you through the monitor, and you didn't look afraid at all~

Gr MG4: Your staff members are all very kind and friendly. They would come and say hi to me every now and then.

Gr MG4: I'll be sure to leave you a five-star review.

Haunted House Owner: Thank you very much~ You are most welcome to visit again~

Haunted House Owner: Oh, wait! This isn't why I'm talking to you. Actually, would you like a part-time job, Miss Doll?

Gr MG4: Huh? Why do you ask...?

Haunted House Owner: This newest theme of ours has been super popular, especially with Dolls!

Haunted House Owner: We would like to have a bold and daring Doll as a part-time member on our team. Would you be interested?

Gr MG4: Hm, what exactly does the job entail?

Gr MG4: ...I'm not very good at interacting with people I don't know...

Haunted House Owner: You don't have to worry about that. Just follow the pre-planned route and give them a good time.

Haunted House Owner: You don't even have to talk if you don't want to, just go up to them.

Gr MG4: Hm... Courage is key when it comes to making friends... Maybe this will be an opportunity for some practice...

Gr MG4: Then...then I'll give it a go. Should I start tomorrow?

Haunted House Owner: You can even start today!

PPK: This haunted house has a ton of stellar reviews! I can hardly wait!

PPK: I hope the ghosts and monsters in there will give me a good scare~

StG44: There won't be any physical contact, right? My hair is freshly washed.

PPK: According to my own experience, sometimes they can't really avoid brushing past your clothes or your head.

StG44: Then...can we tell them to keep their distance from me...?

P38: Don't worry, StG44! Everyone will only have their eyes on me! You just stay behind us, okay~?

StG44: Alright, but just looking at the decoration outside...

StG44: I know the dust and the blood stains are all fake, but I really want to clean it all up before going in!

P38: But that'll ruin the atmosphere!

P38: I already have an idea of what to perform for the ghosts and monsters in there!

PPK: Great, I'm getting super excited!

Gr MG4: Will this do?

Haunted House Owner: Wonderful! Love the vibes!

Haunted House Owner: Then we'll be counting on you today~

Gr MG4: Leave it to me!

Gr MG4: Heheh... Looks like I'm not entirely useless after all.
Part 3

3

In the dark graveyard, a new group of visitors are about to explore Hammer of the Haunted House.

StG44: Aaaaaaah! What the hell? Don't touch me! My clothes are new!

StG44: P38? P38, where are you?!

P38: S-Stop shouting... I'm also scared...

P38: W-Why don't I sing everyone a song...

P38: J-Joy~ is-is endless enjoyment...

P38: Enjoy...joy AAAAAAAAAAHH!

PPK: It's me! Gosh, you call that singing?! You're ruining the fun for me!

StG44: Holy— OH MY GOD HOLY MOTHER OF JESUS WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!

PPK: To the right! Let's go right! I don't see anyone there!

The three Dolls huddle closely together and shuffle awkwardly to the right...

StG44: Aaaaaah! PPK, you liar! I totally stepped on some slime monster!

StG44: It's so goopy and gross! Someone check my sole for me!

Gr MG4: ...Hiss?

StG44: Who's there?! Show yourself!

P38: Nobody's there! What are you talking about?! There are no monsters or ghosts here! I think you're being paranoid. Let me calm you down with a dance...

StG44: Dance my ass! There was totally a ghost! It just hit me!

PPK brushes the two bickering Dolls aside and dashes forward to intercept an unknown creature.

PPK: Humph, gotcha!

PPK: Let me see what kind of ghost you're supposed to be...

Gr MG4: Ow!

Gr MG4: You're strangling me!

PPK: It speaks!!!

StG44: Aaaah! Stay away from us! We're Tactical Dolls!

StG44: If you get any closer, I-I-I-I-I'll shoot! I mean it!

P38: Is that supposed to be threatening? You've got to be more direct. Like this – if you scare us again, I'll crack your skull open!

Gr MG4: ...Ugh, please let go! I can't breathe...

Gr MG4 struggles fiercely and waves desperately at the security camera...

She wonders when the owner of the haunted house will finally come to her rescue...

PPK: That voice...and physique...seem kind of familiar?

Gr MG4: You're mistaken!

PPK: Am I?!

Gr MG4: B-Boss! HELP!

StG44: Aaaaaah, hit it! Hit it!!!

Beep beep beep beep beep! Warning! Warning!

Would all visitors please remain calm and refrain from assaulting our staff.

This experience will not cause our visitors any bodily harm. Please release our staff member.

P38: Phew... What's wrong with you? Good thing the owner agreed to drop the issue after I persuaded them with my sweet dance.

StG44: My clothes has been touched by so many things today... I'm so filthy I can't even bear to look at myself... I need to go back for a shower. Right now. Immediately.

PPK: Hey, didn't that "ghost" look like someone we know?

P38: Now that you mention it, you're right... I think we saw her just a few days ago...

Back in the Griffin base, outside Gr MG4's door.

Two Dolls are standing in her way.

Gr MG4: ...W-What are you doing outside my dorm?

PPK: Waiting for a certain "ghost"~

Gr MG4: What are you talking about...?

Gr MG4: I hope I can get out of this by playing dumb...

PPK: Admit it! You were the one who scared us half to death in the haunted house this afternoon!

Gr MG4: N-No.

Gr MG4: I wasn't doing it on purpose... I didn't even make a peep!

PPK: No? I grabbed this tie off the "ghost", you know~

Gr MG4: Uh... I-I was just working part-time there. I didn't mean to scare you.

Gr MG4: I-I even tried my best not to make a sound! Please don't hate me!

PPK: That was even more scary, you know?

Gr MG4: It-It wasn't intentional... Please don't hate me...

PPK: Humph, so how are you going to make it up to us?

Gr MG4: I-I can buy you something you like...

Gr MG4 is so flustered she is blushing deep red.

But PPK is still snickering playfully at her. P38, who has just been standing off to the side, decides to step in.

P38: Uh, Gr MG4, you don't have to cry. We're not actually here to mess with you~ We were just thinking that since you played a "ghost" so well, you must be pretty brave, so we want to invite you along to do something even more thrilling with the three of us at the theme park.

P38: PPK was just pulling your leg. She nicked your tie from your dorm. Don't you remember you were actually in costume in the haunted house?

PPK: Humph, it was a funny prank~

Gr MG4: Oh... So you mean...

PPK: We'll see you at the main entrance next Wednesday!

PPK: With that, PPK drags P38 off without a backward glance, leaving a totally bemused Gr MG4 behind...

Gr MG4: Huh? D-Did I get an invitation?

Gr MG4: I...I got asked out? Huh? I'm not dreaming, am I...?
Part 4

    4chevron_right

After a whole day of fun, Gr MG4 collapses onto her bed, utterly knackered.

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Beepo is now online!

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Dear MG4, welcome home~

Gr MG4: I spent the day playing with them...but I always reacted differently to things. Will they think I'm weird...?

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: No, you are the best!

Gr MG4: Really? But somehow I have the feeling that I stuck out like a sore thumb the whole time... Maybe they won't invite me again next time...

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: No, you are the best!

Gr MG4: What's the matter with you?

Gr MG4: Looks like something's wrong with the previous reset.

Gr MG4 gives Beepo a few smacks, and its indicator light lights up again.

Gr MG4: How's that, Beepo?

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Beepo is now online!

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: I am very happy that I get to be with you.

Gr MG4: ...Right. This reply used to cheer me up, but somehow I don't feel particularly cheery right now...

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: If MG4 is happy, Beepo is happy!

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Ding-dong! Beepo Memo! Dear MG4, your neural upgrade is in three days. Don't forget about that~

Gr MG4: Aaaaaaah! What should I do? I still haven't thought about what kind of features I should request for my upgrade... Maybe I should ask PPK and the others? But...I don't think we're that close yet... Will it be a bit abrupt if I bring that up with them?

Gr MG4: ...What if they've gotten tired of me...?

Gr MG4: ...If only I had as much personality... I wonder if they can fix that with my neural upgrade...

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: If you're not happy, just smile.

Gr MG4: ...Your AI is not intelligent at all!

Gr MG4: I need a refund!

Gr MG4 whacks Beepo again...

Just then, there is a series of knocks on her door.

Gr MG4: Who...who is it?

PPK: It's us~ We want to see when you're free to hang out again.

Gr MG4: Huh? Again? I'm always free!

Gr MG4 opens the door hurriedly and invites the three Dolls into her dorm.

PPK: I knew you wouldn't be in bed yet.

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Beepo is now online!

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: I spent the day playing with them...but I always reacted differently to things. Will they think I'm weird...?

Gr MG4: ...

PPK: ...

StG44: ...

P38: ...

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Really? But somehow I have the feeling that I stuck out like a sore thumb the whole time... Maybe they won't invite me again next time…

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Aaaaaaah! What should I do? I still haven't thought about what kind of features I should request for my upgrade... Maybe I should ask PPK and the others? But...I don't think we're that close yet... Will it be a bit abrupt if I bring that up with them?

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: ...What if they've gotten tired of me...?

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: ...If only I had as much personality... I wonder if they can fix that with my neural upgrade...

Gr MG4: ...This...this thing is a bit faulty... Ha...hahaha... Hahahaha...

Gr MG4: I'm just about to throw it out. J-Just pretend you heard none of that...

StG44: You're getting a neural upgrade?

Gr MG4: Y-Yeah...

StG44: Would you like some advice? I've had one myself.

Gr MG4: Really? Th-Thanks!

PPK: ...StG44, don't.

Gr MG4: Huh? D-Do you hate me after all? I'm sorry... M-My Beepo is malfunctioning. I...

PPK: MG4, nobody hates you.

Gr MG4: ...But...but I always have the feeling that people don't like me...

PPK: That's because you don't even like yourself!

Gr MG4: I...

P38: You know what? You were amazing when we were on the pirate ship this morning.

P38: You don't have to have the same reaction to everything as us. The three of us were screaming our heads off, but you didn't even break a sweat. That's wonderful, isn't it?

Gr MG4: I was worried that being different would make me weird...

PPK: It'd be so boring if everyone were the same!

PPK: Are you not happy with your current body?

Gr MG4: I-I don't really know. I don't have a problem with wearing the same uniform as everyone else...

Gr MG4: Miss Kalina also asked me if I had any special requests for the upgrade, but I don't mind going with whatever the Commander chooses for me.

PPK: Hey, this is a rare opportunity, you know? You really need to take this seriously!

PPK: You should totally pick something that's your style!

P38: You don't have to force her~ She just wants to fit in!

PPK: Hey, MG4, you know P38 dreams of being an idol, right?

PPK: But she's not everybody's cup of tea.

P38: Hey, I'm offended! Many people love my singing~

PPK: That's not the point!

PPK: The point is—be the kind of Doll that YOU want to be!

Gr MG4: But...I don't know...

PPK: Then think about it yourself!

PPK: At the very least, don't live your life the way other people want you to!

P38: She does have a point there. If idols only sing songs that their fans like, they'll get old real fast.

PPK: Others' approval is something extremely vague and fickle.

PPK: People are constantly changing. Someone may like you today, dislike you tomorrow, then change their mind again the day after.

PPK: Besides, everyone likes different things. You can't be universally adored.

PPK: Why would you boggle your mind over what makes people like you one day and dislike you the next?

P38: God, you're a fountain of wisdom today, PPK!

StG44: Allow me to interject...

StG44: There are a lot of bodies and paper samples in the depot... Just look through them and you'll know. Whichever design catches your eyes, that's the one you should go for!

It is a new day. Nothing seems out of the ordinary.

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Beepo is now online!

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: MG4, you're super awesome today!

Gr MG4: Really? I think so too~

Gr MG4: They're in for a surprise when I meet up with them later!

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: You seem very happy~

Gr MG4: Yep, I've made some very good friends.

Gr MG4: See you later, Beepo!

Gr MG4's Personal Beepo: Bye~

The door closes slowly and everything falls silent.

But things are changing little by little in that awakened heart.

Setting out as a brand new self—surely an occasion worth celebrating!