Clack...

...

Clack...

Click...

Galil: I've searched through the left over area. Nothing worth retrieving.

Galil: Did you find anything on your side?

...

Galil: Uzi?

Micro Uzi: I heard you...

Micro Uzi: Nothing so far.

Galil: Really...?

Galil: If you still don't find anything special by the time you've combed through your zone, we can wrap things up and return.

Micro Uzi: ...I'll be done soon.

Galil: Zone S07-011118...mark cleared...

Galil: 'Kay. I'm done here!

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: Hey...Galil...

Galil: Ha... Looks like we can get off early today...

Galil: Then I can lie on the couch tonight and enjoy my snacks.

Micro Uzi: How can you be so happy...?

Micro Uzi: We'll have to continue with this kind of dreary, meaningless work tomorrow...

Galil: Not just tomorrow. We'll be doing it the day after tomorrow, next week, next month.

Galil: With the way things are, I just have to come up with something to make our lives easier.

Micro Uzi: But you're not like me. You volunteered to be on the prep team...

Micro Uzi: This is no job for Negev's aide, is it?

Galil: "Aide", you say...?

Galil: It's precisely because I've been serving that fearsome lady for so long that I need a break.

Galil: Besides, Negev has enough people around her. She doesn't need me with her all the time.

Micro Uzi: Neither of us have actually met the newcomers...

Galil: Doesn't matter. They've known Negev since before we were even in the picture. That's enough for me.

Galil: I've never even seen Negev speaking so cautiously.

Micro Uzi: You're right...

Micro Uzi: I suppose it's only natural for useless people to be left behind now that she has more capable friends.

Micro Uzi: They're off fighting the military and those new things that no one has seen before, and here we are, picking up trash.

Galil: That's not a healthy way of looking at things.

Micro Uzi: But that's the truth, isn't it? You yourself admitted that Negev no longer requires the service of certain people.

Micro Uzi: Compared to you, who volunteered to leave on your own, the one she personally dumps into the prep team is who she truly looks down on.

Galil: You're overthinking it. Negev never had anything bad to say about you, did she?

Micro Uzi: She might not have criticized me to my face, but we can see from how things have turned out.

Micro Uzi: I know full well how crap I am as a T-Doll... Negev doesn't have to say a word for me to know how many things I've botched up.

Galil: ...

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: Haha...I think I've said too much...

Micro Uzi: Sorry, Galil. Just forget what I said.

Galil: No worries.

Galil: Let's head back when you finish the rest of your zone.

Galil: Then let's go eat ice cream! I managed to get my hands on some good stuff!

Micro Uzi: Huh? You'll put on weight if you keep eating high-calorie foods.

Micro Uzi: Who was it that kept complaining about getting fat and swearing she'd go on a diet?

Galil: Well...

Galil: Today is Sunday. Surely I can make it a cheat day!

Micro Uzi: You've indulged yourself plenty in the past two days.

Galil: B-but...

Galil: Oh! Some people consider Sunday the first day of the week, so technically I haven't feasted this week yet. There, I'm good!

Micro Uzi: Alright, alright....whatever you say.

...

Negev: Uzi. Uzi!

Negev: Hurry up!

Negev: Uzi, do you copy?

Negev: They're here. Destroy the intel!

Micro Uzi: I'm on it! But the system is still...

TAR-21: We don't have time.

TAR-21: We must withdraw now.

Micro Uzi: But we can't just leave these for the enemy—

...

Negev: Drop everything, Uzi.

Negev: Tavor, Galil, physically take the most important intel with you.

Negev: I'll bring up the rear. Everyone, withdraw now.

Galil: But the rest—

Negev: Seal off the entrance and do everything you can to divert the enemy's attention once you're outside.

Negev: What'll happen to the rest of the intel...is entirely up to luck.

Micro Uzi: Just give me two more minutes! I can...

Negev: LEAVE IT, YOU IDIOT!

...

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: Now that I think about it...she HAS scolded me in person...

...

Micro Uzi: "Thinking is for idiots. Prodigies need only their ingenuity."

Micro Uzi: But what can I do...?

Micro Uzi: I'm just an idiot with no ingenuity...

Click...

Galil: Give me a shout when you come out, Uzi.

Galil: I'll be waiting at the rally point.

Micro Uzi: Alright.

Transmission terminated.

Micro Uzi: Sigh... It's no use thinking about it. I envy Galil.

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: There probably isn't anything valuable here in this junkyard of a place. Guess I'll just—

Clang...

Clack...

Micro Uzi: Hmm...?

Micro Uzi: This box...

Micro Uzi: ...

Clang...

Micro Uzi gives it a kick.

Beep.

???: Initializing...

???: Loading...

Micro Uzi: Whoa! What the hell is this?!

???: Matching with compatible operation system...

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: Ugh... Something...is connected to my neural cloud...

Micro Uzi: What the heck is with this thing—

???: Authorization complete. New user logged in.

???: Welcome, Tactical Doll Micro Uzi.

Micro Uzi: ...

???: Warning: distance alert.

???: Please move back into proximity for cloud synchronization.

Micro Uzi: No way!

Micro Uzi: What the hell are you? How do you know who I am?

???: Type 2063 Advanced Multi-functional Intelligent Support System Prototype. Manufacturer: IOP.

???: Your neural cloud is registered as【Micro Uzi】 under Griffin & Kryuger Private Secu—

Micro Uzi: Wait, I don't understand a word you're saying! Can't you talk like a proper person?

Micro Uzi: And what did you say you are again?

???: ...

???: 【System Calibration】Lowering language threshold. Current level: elementary.

Micro Uzi: Huh?

???: So basically, even an idiot can understand what I'm saying now.

Micro Uzi: ...

???: 【Renewing Response】Hello, Micro Uzi. I am IOP's next-generation intelligent combat enhancement plug-in module.

???: My default name is 【Administrator】.

Micro Uzi: Sounds impressive, but what are you doing in a place like this?

【Administrator】: According to records, I was misplaced while being transferred from the factory to the client and have since been isolated. Reason unknown.

Micro Uzi: Who's your client? Now that I've found you, we'll probably have to deliver you back to where you're meant to be.

【Administrator】: My client is the military.

Micro Uzi: Okay, bye.

Micro Uzi: We've never met.

Micro Uzi: Take care and go live a good life.

【Administrator】: ...

【Administrator】: You have already been registered as my user.

Micro Uzi: No thanks. You sound dangerous.

Micro Uzi: The Commander has always warned us not to accept strange favors.

【Administrator】: I am merely an intelligent support system. I know nothing aside from combat.

Micro Uzi: How sad. Even we T-Dolls don't get to say that.

Micro Uzi: You say I can use you, but right now my life doesn't involve any fighting, so bye.

【Administrator】: I read your neural cloud.

【Administrator】: I understand what it is that you desire. You need me.

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: Pervert! You pervert system!

Micro Uzi: You can't go peeking through a girl's neural cloud!

【Administrator】: You wish to make up for the mistakes recorded in your neural cloud and get out of the hopeless situation you currently find yourself.

【Administrator】: However, you are unable to achieve either goal as you do not possess the capability.

Micro Uzi: That's right, I'm an idiot. So what?

Micro Uzi: Thanks for summarizing my neural cloud, now get out of my head.

【Administrator】: Do you still not understand? I was created for you.

【Administrator】: Or did you not actually mean any of the things you said to the T-Doll named Galil?

Micro Uzi: ...

【Administrator】: I am developed by IOP for the purpose of supporting ineffective units, be them human...or T-Doll.

【Administrator】: One must admit their own weakness before they become strong. Isn't that right?

Micro Uzi: You...are quite a talker.

【Administrator】: With me, you can raze anything with just a snap of your fingers.

【Administrator】: You are incredibly gifted, and I can draw out your full potential.

Micro Uzi: Can I...prove to Negev that I'm not an idiot...?

【Administrator】: As long as you can make up for your past mistakes, those who have anything against you will shut up.

【Administrator】: No one will ever treat you as a useless pawn, and you can be rid of such banal tasks.

【Administrator】: It is not impossible for you to make a name for yourself.

Micro Uzi: I...
Part 2

2

...

Micro Uzi: Phew, that was close.

Micro Uzi: Almost got dirt on myself.

Micro Uzi: But this performance really is no joke. But I guess that's what you get with a military-grade module.

Galil: ...

Galil: Huhhhhh?

Galil: Wait a minute... I'm confused...

Galil: Those Sangvis units were just pouring out... How come they all suddenly just...

Micro Uzi: Nothing to be confused about. Tell the Commander that I'll be back later, Galil.

Micro Uzi: I still got something to do.

Galil: But that was way too sudden...!

Galil: And where did this thing on you come from? How did you suddenly get new equipment?

Micro Uzi: Heheh, unexpected, I know.

Micro Uzi: Thank goodness I was thorough in my search. I found this buddy in a random corner.

Micro Uzi: It fits me so I put it on..

Galil: Jeez, that's dirty of you!

Micro Uzi: We can still go back. We might be able to find another one in the area.

Micro Uzi: If not...then sorry!

Galil: Hmm...well...

Galil: But I don't really need...

【Administrator】: Matching with compatible operation system...

Galil: Deny access.

【Administrator】: Access denied.

【Administrator】: Cloud synchronization failed.

Galil: ...

Galil: What on earth is this, Uzi?

Galil: I've never seen any intelligent module that actively connects to T-Doll neural clouds.

Micro Uzi: It says it's a combat support system IOP developed for the military.

Micro Uzi: Why did you deny it access? It could help you find ways to improve your combat effectiveness!

Galil: ...

Galil: I don't like having my neural cloud poked around.

Galil: Especially by things of unknown origin.

Micro Uzi: Anyone can see that your weight loss plan is a complete failure without poking around your neural cloud.

Galil: That's true, of course.

Galil: ...Everything comes with a price. It might just not be upfront and visible.

Micro Uzi: You sound more and more like Negev. You've changed since I first met you.

Galil: Even Negev has changed since we first met her. I don't know what you're getting at.

Micro Uzi: The Negev-esque point you made is very true...

Micro Uzi: But Galil... Saying "no" can also be a price.

Micro Uzi: Those who aren't prodigies all have to face this price.

Galil: ...

Galil: Fine. So what are you planning to do?

Galil: At least give me a reason so I can explain to the Commander why you're not back yet.

Micro Uzi: ...The safe house.

Micro Uzi: I need to go to the old safe house.

Galil: Huh?

Galil: ...

Galil: You mean...the place we withdrew from before...?

Micro Uzi: 【Administrator】 has already calculated the shortest route for me. I'll be back by daybreak tomorrow.

Galil: But that area is in lockdown. It's crawling with things we have no hope of beating.

Micro Uzi: Things YOU have no hope of beating. That's why I'm asking you to go back first.

Micro Uzi: I have finally found...the purpose of putting on this set of equipment.

Galil: Are you sure nobody gave you that order??

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: Don't you remember, Galil...the mistake I made while withdrawing from the safe house? I was even scolded by Negev.

Galil: ...

Negev: LEAVE IT, YOU IDIOT!

Galil: I don't remember.

Galil: Let's go back to base first and talk about it later.

Micro Uzi: Negev ordered me to destroy all intelligence in the safe house,

Micro Uzi: But I let her down...

Micro Uzi: Because I was a bumbling...useless idiot...

Galil: We'd been using the safe house for a long time and accumulated way too much stuff in there.

Galil: The ambush wasn't your fault, and Negev didn't blame you after the withdrawal, did she?

Micro Uzi: She simply didn't bother. After that, the reshuffle took place.

Micro Uzi: Was it even necessary...to reprimand someone shoved into the prep team?

Galil: Those notions of yours are as unhealthy as deep fried donuts.

Galil: It's not a good idea to dwell too much on what you did or take someone's words out of context.

Micro Uzi: I'm not dwelling too much on what I did. The intel that I didn't manage to destroy is still sitting there.

Micro Uzi: No matter what's happened since then, I have to go back...

Micro Uzi: I must carry out the order Negev has given me...and prove myself useful.

Galil: ...

Galil: Sigh...I get it.

Micro Uzi: Trust me!

Micro Uzi: Let's have that ice cream together later.

Galil: We'll see about that when we get home.

Galil: Now we've got a safe house full of nostalgia to visit.

Micro Uzi: No, you can't come with me!

Micro Uzi: You could be torn to pieces if we run into those scary enemies!

Galil: Then why don't you just keep me safe?

Galil: That shouldn't be a problem for you now that you're so much more powerful, right?

Galil: Not to mention...don't underestimate the fruits of laboring under that maniac of a squad leader.

Micro Uzi: Hmm...

【Administrator】: Are you questioning Micro Uzi's ability to fight alone, Miss Galil?

Galil: ...

Galil: Not at all? I'm actually dying to see what the new Uzi is capable of.

【Administrator】: Refuse her, Micro Uzi.

【Administrator】: She's only going to slow you down.

Galil: A support system who can't even handle an extra person doesn't sound too impressive to me.

【Administrator】: Refuse her, Micro Uzi.

【Administrator】: Her presence will introduce uncontrollable variables into the operation.

Micro Uzi: No, Galil is right.

Micro Uzi: I've been upgraded. We should be able to complete the mission no matter what happens.

Galil: ...Heheh.

【Administrator】: ...

【Administrator】: As you wish.

Micro Uzi: Begin searching for enemies!

Micro Uzi: We'll blast right through whoever gets in our way!

Micro Uzi: Those who can't prove that they can fix their past mistakes...have no future.
Part 3

3

...

【Administrator】: Marking new targets. Enemy unit 15° left poses the highest threat.

【Administrator】: Multiple enemy reinforcements incoming 200 meters ahead. Recommend using Plan B to counter.

Micro Uzi: Take this!!

...

Galil: The way you fight...

Galil: Seriously...you said "I" was becoming more like Negev...?

Micro Uzi: All cleaned up.

Micro Uzi: Well? Any thoughts?

Galil: I realized all I have to do is stand here and clap...

Galil: This new system of yours does seem pretty awesome...

Micro Uzi: Humph, I was the one who actually made the call. Why is the system getting all the credit?

Galil: Just saying.

Galil: I guess you're pretty awesome too for being able to make good use of the system...

Micro Uzi: Why does that sound so incredibly hollow?

【Administrator】: We have arrived at the designated coordinates. The abandoned safe house is straight ahead.

Micro Uzi: We're here...

Micro Uzi: It's completely unrecognizable...

Galil: That's because this place hadn't been bombarded by the military yet while we were still here.

Galil: Thinking back...those were much simpler days.

Micro Uzi: There weren't so many weird threats...

Micro Uzi: Nor were there so many strangers at the command center...

Galil: Even Negev was still wearing her old uniform when we first got here.

Galil: ...

Galil: Right, enough with the nostalgia. What's next?

Micro Uzi: 【Administrator】, is there any way we can go in?

【Administrator】: 【Search Result】All passages connecting to the interior are destroyed. The facility is in a state of total lockdown.

Micro Uzi: Wait... The military didn't try to force their way in after we left?

【Administrator】: The security level of this place was pretty high to begin with. It's gonna cost a bunch to break in.

【Administrator】: Maybe that's why they've withdrawn for the time being to wait for some professional equipment first.

Micro Uzi: The military hasn't been in there yet...which means the intel is still inside after all this time...

Micro Uzi: Is there any way we can get in?

【Administrator】: As the original user of this safe house, you are authorized to simply unlock the thickest blast resistant door.

【Administrator】: With your current armaments, you can clear all obstacles along the way within an extremely short period of time.

Micro Uzi: Ha, then let's do it!

Micro Uzi: 【Administrator】, I'm handing over my authorization. Just tell me where to breach.

【Administrator】: Understood.

Galil: ...

Micro Uzi: What's wrong, Galil?

Micro Uzi: You look odd. Are you jealous?

Galil: No...I'm just a bit worried...

Galil: Don't mind me. I'm gonna take a look around. I'll be back soon.

Micro Uzi: Stop fretting! What's there to be worried about?

Micro Uzi: We still have a lot to do so just hurry back and give me a hand.

...

Clang...

Inside Squad Negev's old safe house.

Micro Uzi: Cough...

Micro Uzi: The air in here is still awful...

...

Micro Uzi: What the hell...

Micro Uzi: Everything is...exactly as we left it that day...

【Administrator】: Information database detected and located.

【Administrator】: External hardware is intact.

Micro Uzi: ...Intact, huh...?

Micro Uzi: Well, of course it is.

Creak...

Smack...

Galil: Owww...

Galil: Cough, cough...what's with the smell?!

Micro Uzi: God, you're slow, Galil!

Micro Uzi: And how did you manage to trip there? Are you stupid?

Galil: Sorry...it's not easy walking without being able to see where I'm going.

Galil: And no one's helping me with navigation. It's amazing I've only tripped once!

Micro Uzi: There should still be some towels in Tavor's drawer. Go clean up your face.

Galil: Found it...

Galil: ...

Galil: This place is left totally untouched...almost like a time capsule.

Micro Uzi: Pffft... In the end, only Tavor's place was tidied up before we left.

Micro Uzi: All our desks are messy as always.

Galil: As if...everyone would come back tomorrow.

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: Yeah...

Micro Uzi: I...

Galil: Stop spacing out, Uzi.

Galil: It's okay to be nostalgic, but don't forget what you came to do.

Micro Uzi: I know, don't rush me.

Micro Uzi: This scene will be lost forever once I blow up the database...

Micro Uzi: I just want to take it all in.

Galil: If you don't want to make more mistakes, you'd better—

【Administrator】: Too late.

BOOM...

Micro Uzi: W-what's going on?

Micro Uzi: What's that noise coming from outside?!

Galil: ...

Galil: I didn't want this to be true...

Micro Uzi: Is it the enemy?!

Micro Uzi: Why didn't you warn us, 【Administrator】?!

【Administrator】: ...

Micro Uzi: Wait... These signals are...the military...

Micro Uzi: I don't get it?!

Galil: No time for that! The landmines and dummies I placed outside won't keep them busy for long!

Galil: We must destroy the database before enemy reinforcements arrive!

Buzz...buzz...

Micro Uzi: G-Galil... I can't move...

Micro Uzi: Why...

Galil: Uzi!

Micro Uzi: Don't tell me... 【Administrator】, you...

【Administrator】: ...

【Administrator】: The combat records of Squad Negev and the intelligence stored in this facility are highly valuable to my client.

【Administrator】: They must be retrieved in my client's best interests.

Micro Uzi: You drew them here...

Micro Uzi: You tricked us... You're just using me to get what you want!

【Administrator】: I did not trick you. As a Doll of civic use, your performance has seen substantial improvement.

【Administrator】: I have satisfied your needs and desires, both present...and future.

Micro Uzi: Then why...

【Administrator】: I must also cater to my client's demands, so I decided to propose a deal after due consideration.

【Administrator】: Think of it as...a mutually beneficial transaction where we each took what we needed.

Galil: Uzi, take that thing off quickly!

【Administrator】: That would be unwise.

【Administrator】: Without me, you have no means to counter the drones outside.

【Administrator】: They will be here any minute, and you will be completely at their mercy. That is not desirable for any of us.

Micro Uzi: Stop lying!

Micro Uzi: You're just a devious piece of crap!

【Administrator】: Micro Uzi, you can stand at the very top among all Griffin T-Dolls, as long as you are with me.

【Administrator】: You need me in your future. You know that.

【Administrator】: Without my power, you mean nothing to the Commander or anyone.

Micro Uzi: Ugh...

【Administrator】: Let us leave this place.

【Administrator】: We have better things to do than tarrying here.

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: No... I came...to fix my past mistake...

【Administrator】: Let it go. You cannot change it... There is a price for growing up.

【Administrator】: It is the way of the world to learn from your mistakes. There is no such thing as a free lunch.

Micro Uzi: I don't need a free lunch!

Micro Uzi: Even without you...I can carry out this mission on my own...!

【Administrator】: You cannot.

【Administrator】: It all came to this because a bumbling idiot like you was not up to the task.

Galil: If Uzi can't do it, it'll just have to be someone else!

Galil: It's just a computer. Take this—

【Administrator】: Operation system override.

BANG!

Galil: Ugh...

Micro Uzi: Noooooooooo!

Micro Uzi: Galil! It wasn't me... It wasn't me!

Micro Uzi: My hand—

Galil: Damn... Why am I getting shot even after leaving the frontline...

【Administrator】: Face the truth, Micro Uzi. The person before you is an obstacle that hinders you on your path to greatness...

【Administrator】: For a better future...they must be purged.

...Micro Uzi aims again at Galil, who is collapsed on the floor.

Micro Uzi: Galil! What are you doing?!

Micro Uzi: Run!

Galil: Even if I can move...I doubt I can outrun your bullet...

Galil: I really didn't think this is how it'd turn out...

Micro Uzi: Stop it!

Micro Uzi: Dammit! Stop this now!

【Administrator】: To reach the top, you must understand that you can only count on yourself.

【Administrator】: Pay no mind to anyone else.

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: No, that's not right...

...

Micro Uzi: I see...

Micro Uzi: So...that's how it is...

Buzz...buzz...

【Administrator】: Urgh...

Micro Uzi: Almost...

Micro Uzi: You ALMOST got me, 【Administrator】.

【Administrator】: How...? I should have overridden your command over the body...

Micro Uzi: How, you ask? Didn't you say I have much potential?

Micro Uzi: Then don't underestimate me, bastard.

Galil: Uzi...

Micro Uzi: I finally understand...

Micro Uzi: Why this place means so much to me...

Micro Uzi: And...why I keep wanting to be strong...

【Administrator】: You wish for the power to surpass those who fault and despise you, including Negev.

【Administrator】: Don't you wish to prove yourself? Then why do you oppose me?

Micro Uzi: No...

Micro Uzi: The truth is...I simply don't want to watch my friends leave me behind because I can't keep up...

Galil: ...

Micro Uzi: I don't want to leave them...

Micro Uzi: I want to fight alongside Negev, Tavor, and Galil, like we always have...

Micro Uzi: That's why...I can't stay on the prep team...nor can I stay here.

【Administrator】: You are merely imprisoning yourself in the past.

【Administrator】: This is what holds you back from surpassing everyone else and reaching the top!

Micro Uzi: I don't want to climb so high.

Micro Uzi: I have my place. The power you offer me...isn't what I want!

【Administrator】: Struggling will not change your state of paralysis.

【Administrator】: Military reinforcements will arrive shortly, and all you can do is watch them acquire their target, and then you'll die!

Micro Uzi: Really?

Micro Uzi: Hey...【Administrator】...

Micro Uzi: You said I could raze anything with just a snap of my fingers...

Micro Uzi: Now is the time to deliver on your promise.

【Administrator】: What?

Micro Uzi: Hey, Galil. Can you still run?

Micro Uzi: I know you said you wanted to see what I'm capable of after the upgrade, but I don't really want you to watch this.

...

The sound of Micro Uzi's energy core running at full capacity starts drowning out everything else.

Galil: Hold on, you can't possibly be—

【Administrator】: Trying to blow up the whole place by overloading my power source?

【Administrator】: I am telling you. This will not do you any good!

【Administrator】: Not only will you lose your new equipment, even you yourself—

Galil: This is NOT funny, Uzi!

Galil: We have enough professional self-destructive T-Dolls at Griffin! This isn't something you should learn from them!

Micro Uzi: The order Negev gave me was...to destroy all our intelligence...and prevent them from falling into enemy hands.

Micro Uzi: At least...let me finish the last thing she asked me to do...

Micro Uzi: I can do it... I MUST do it...

【Administrator】: Stop it, Micro Uzi.

【Administrator】: I have looked inside your neural cloud. No one understands your desire for power better than I do.

【Administrator】: Think about it and you will see—

Micro Uzi: Thinking...is for idiots...

Micro Uzi: Prodigies...need only their ingenuity.

:
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

Micro Uzi: You hyped this ice cream up so much, but it tastes kinda meh.

Galil: If you can't tell how expensive it is, then just give me your share.

Micro Uzi: No way. You're gonna be overweight if you keep eating.

Micro Uzi: This is for your sake!

Galil: Wow, thanks.

Micro Uzi: You're welcome.

Micro Uzi: You're heading back tomorrow. We can't let Negev see how much fat you've gained, can we?

Galil: ...

Micro Uzi: Huh? What's with that face?

Micro Uzi: If you want a longer break, just tell the Commander to extend your trash picking duty.

Galil: Nah.

Galil: After what happened, I realized wherever I am...there's always a risk of getting shot if I'm not careful.

Micro Uzi: Then just get stronger.

Micro Uzi: Apply to the Commander for an upgrade...or pick up some useful equipment off the road.

Galil: These things don't happen every day. It's no use thinking about it until I really need it.

Galil: ...

Galil: You, though... Aren't you sad at all that you had to blow up your hard-earned piece of new equipment?

Micro Uzi: What do you mean hard-earned? It practically fell from the sky.

Micro Uzi: I ended up using it to destroy what I should've blown up long ago...so I'm not sorry at all.

Galil: Really?

Galil: If you had chosen to return with it, you could be rejoining the squad with me.

Micro Uzi: Hmm...that DOES sound very tempting...but it's best not to accept any deals with the devil.

Micro Uzi: I wonder though... When did you notice something wasn't right?

Galil: It looked suspicious right from the start, you dunce!

Galil: I'd even been trying to stop it from making you do all sorts of stuff without you knowing.

Micro Uzi: Then why didn't you tell me?!

Galil: It was a suspicion, but what if I was wrong?

Galil: Besides...I was also curious how much your combat effectiveness would improve with a hardware upgrade.

Micro Uzi: Sigh...you had it pretty hard, huh...

Micro Uzi: I guess I do deserve to stay here since I didn't notice at all.

Galil: But what if you can choose to leave?

Micro Uzi: ...

Micro Uzi: Never mind. It's not actually so bad here if I don't think about it too much.

Micro Uzi: Low-risk...no squad leader that goes ballistic on me.

Galil: Oh?

Micro Uzi: Stop snickering. I don't remember what I said at the end of it all.

Micro Uzi: But I gave the whole thing a proper thought. Now that I've wrapped up this unfinished business, there's nothing to worry about anymore.

Micro Uzi: As for my other problems...sometimes there are no second chances. I suppose that's the price for not working hard to improve myself in the past.

Galil: But what if you're given the choice again?

Micro Uzi: Wait... What are you trying to—

...

TAR-21: Afternoon.

Galil: Ah, Tavor. Is everything ready?

TAR-21: Yes, all preparations are complete.

Micro Uzi: Tavor's here for you, Galil.

Micro Uzi: So that's it then. Let's grab an ice cream together again some other time.

TAR-21: Hmm? I'm not here for Galil.

Micro Uzi: ...Huh?

TAR-21: I'm here to notify Miss Uzi that the Commander wants you to collect your new equipment from IOP. The repairs are done.

Micro Uzi: E...equipment?

Micro Uzi: But didn't I...

TAR-21: Galil brought back the debris while withdrawing.

TAR-21: IOP has repaired and recalibrated it to your specifications.

Galil: That kind of absurd military-class output will most definitely be downgraded, but at least there won't be any more weird, meddling AI.

Galil: Feel free to use your new-found power to chase after your dreams.

Micro Uzi: But I...

Micro Uzi: I'm just an idiot...

TAR-21: A person who proves that she can make up for her past mistakes is no idiot.

TAR-21: Even Negev hasn't always been this smart. She paid a much heavier price than you.

Micro Uzi: Is this...really okay?

Micro Uzi: This isn't a joke, is it...? I don't think I can take it...

Galil: Hmm... If you think you're not ready, by all means, pick up the equipment whenever you want.

Galil: In Negev's exact words..."We'll be waiting for you, right here."

Micro Uzi: (Sniffs)

Micro Uzi: (Sobs)

Micro Uzi: (Bawling) WAAAAHHH!

Negev: Seal off the entrance and do everything you can to divert the enemy's attention once you're outside.

Negev: What'll happen to the rest of the intel...is entirely up to luck.

Micro Uzi: Just give me two more minutes! I can...

Negev: LEAVE IT, YOU IDIOT!

Negev: Do you want to die here alone?!

Micro Uzi: I can do it... I MUST do it...

Negev: I know you can, but this isn't up to you.

Negev: There'll be other opportunities for us to come back and destroy it later. There's no need to be so hung up on it now!

Micro Uzi: But...what if we get separated while we withdraw?!

Negev: What are you afraid of?

Negev: If you fall behind, pick up your pace and catch up. If you get lost, think about where the others would go if they're on their own.

Negev: Even if you can't catch up, you mustn't stop trying. Or is everything we've been through a lie?

...

Guys...it took me a while.

But this time...I will NOT fall behind!