...

In the Griffin base.

Mosin-Nagant: Like I was saying, didn't you think it was hilarious, SVT-38?

Mosin-Nagant: I just couldn't hold it in back then!

SVT-38: I can't believe you actually laughed out loud at a place like that... It was very rude.

SVT-38: I would have done my best to hold myself back if I had been in your place.

Mosin-Nagant: You're just saying that because you didn't see the cat and the look on the Commander's face!

...

OTs-14: ...

SVT-38: So where did the cat go after that...?

SVT-38: It wasn't being bullied by anyone, was it?

Mosin-Nagant: It was the one bullying us!

Mosin-Nagant: We had to bring out the entire team to catch it!

OTs-14: ...Can I speak with you, Mosin-Nagant?

Mosin-Nagant: Hm? Ah...okay?

OTs-14: I'll dispense with the formalities.

OTs-14: What happened, Mosin-Nagant?

Mosin-Nagant: ...Hm? I don't know what you mean.

Mosin-Nagant: Are you talking about how that stray cat interrupted the Commander's briefing?

OTs-14: No, I'm talking about you.

Mosin-Nagant: ...I don't understand. I don't know what you're talking about.

Mosin-Nagant: Could you give me a more solid hint... Maybe that might bring something to mind?

OTs-14: I see...

OTs-14: Alright, I know. Maybe I was mistaken.

OTs-14: Sorry for asking you an odd question.

Mosin-Nagant: It's fine! Ask me anything you want!

...

M1895: ...

M1895: Big Sis...could you help me get something from on top of the cabinet?

Mosin-Nagant: Uh...ah, alright. You want me to get the cup from up there?

Mosin-Nagant: Honestly, who was it that put it in such a high place?

M1895: ...

Mosin-Nagant: Here's the cup. Take it.

M1895: ...Mm, thanks.

Mosin-Nagant: It's time for the meeting. I'll see you in the conference room.

...Mosin-Nagant leaves.

M1895: Have you guys...noticed something funny about Mosin-Nagant recently?

Tokarev: Miss Mosin-Nagant...?

Tokarev: She seems like her usual self to me?

SVT-38: Well, if there's anything strange about her...

SVT-38: I'd have to say that she seems more cheerful than usual, right?

M1895: Yes! That's the problem!

M1895: Mosin-Nagant must be bothered by something! I've never seen her like that before!

Tokarev: Uh... I don't really see a difference.

Tokarev: But considering this is M1895 talking, I doubt you'd be mistaken right, right?

M1895: Given my experience, I'm sure of it!

M1895: The question now is...what happened to Mosin-Nagant...

M1895: How did she end up like this...?

...

Late on a certain night.

There's a quiet knock on the Cafe door.

Springfield: Please come in.

Mosin-Nagant: ...

Mosin-Nagant: ...May I know if...if you're still open?

Springfield: Of course we are. While it's almost closing time, we can still provide coffee and cake.

Springfield: Have a seat, Miss Mosin-Nagant. What would you like?

Mosin-Nagant: Hm... The usual coffee will do...

Springfield: Alright.

Springfield: Still, very few people come here at this time. Did you arrange to meet someone for something?

Mosin-Nagant: No...

Mosin-Nagant: It's just... I simply couldn't get to sleep.

Springfield: It's not a good idea to drink coffee when you can't sleep, you know.

Mosin-Nagant: It's fine. If need be, I'll just turn off certain functions.

Springfield: Hehe, I understand.

Springfield: A moment, please.

...

Springfield takes out the coffee maker she had already washed and put away and begins brewing more coffee.

Springfield: ♪～♬～

Mosin-Nagant: ...

Mosin-Nagant: Springfield...

Springfield: Hm? What's the matter?

Mosin-Nagant: Ah...

Mosin-Nagant: No...it's nothing...

Springfield: Here's your coffee.

Mosin-Nagant: ...Thank you.

Springfield: Let me know if you'd like anything else~

Mosin-Nagant: Alright...

Mosin-Nagant: ...

Mosin-Nagant: Springfield.

Springfield: Hm? What is it?

Mosin-Nagant: Um...actually...

Mosin-Nagant: Recently...something happened...

Mosin-Nagant: Oh, I'm not being bullied or anything, I'm just giving myself trouble...

Springfield: ...

Springfield: Hm, then what's the occasion?

Mosin-Nagant: Some time ago, the Commander told me that I was scheduled for a neural upgrade...

Springfield: Isn't that a good thing?

Springfield: Wouldn't improving your combat abilities help you in battle?

Mosin-Nagant: Well, that's true, but the upgrade is way too extensive...

Mosin-Nagant: Now, I'm not against designs with hardened alloys or tactical guide rails...

Mosin-Nagant: But I honestly feel that once I'm modified with those, I won't be the original me anymore.

Mosin-Nagant: What's the point of getting stronger if I can't carry on the legacy of my bloodline?

Springfield: Hm...can't you just refuse or state your opinion about it?

Springfield: Surely the Commander would hear you out, right?

Mosin-Nagant: It's not that I can't refuse...

Mosin-Nagant: But I was moved up on the schedule because the Commander was worried about the growing gap between my combat effectiveness versus that of my juniors.

Mosin-Nagant: If this goes on, I'll probably be transferred out of the combat echelons...

Springfield: So that's how it is...

Springfield: A lot of the people who came here recently have been talking about how you seemed to have something on your mind.

Mosin-Nagant: Eh...? So the others noticed too...

Mosin-Nagant: And here I thought I was hiding it very well...

Mosin-Nagant: I don't want the others to get the wrong impression about the Commander or gossip behind the Commander's back...

Springfield: Maybe it would be best to just tell the others about this. They're all worried about you.

Springfield: The more you bottle this up in your heart, the harder it'll be to make a decision.

Mosin-Nagant: Make a decision, huh...

Mosin-Nagant: Springfield... Right now... I honestly have no idea what I should do.

Springfield: ...

Springfield: Still...why are you so adamant on this issue?

Springfield: It really doesn't seem like your usual style.

Mosin-Nagant: Actually, when I was first refitted into a Tactical Doll... I had a lot of inexplicable system conflicts with the Imprint system of my gun...

Mosin-Nagant: Perhaps it was because back then, I insisted that I was more suitable for a cutting-edge weapon, rather than an antique.

Mosin-Nagant: But after I came to understand its history and its legacy, I realized that there were many things about it that I could be proud of.

Mosin-Nagant: Ever since then, there hasn't been any more conflicts.

Springfield: Indeed. After all, the relationship between the Imprint and the neural cloud isn't as simple as it seems in theory.

Mosin-Nagant: I can carry it proudly onto the frontlines because I accept and admire this bloodline.

Mosin-Nagant: So...that is the one thing on which I cannot compromise.
Part 2

2

...

Late at night, in Springfield's Cafe.

Springfield: ...

Springfield: So, have you decided yet?

Mosin-Nagant: ...Yeah.

Mosin-Nagant: My bloodline is both my pride and my burden

Mosin-Nagant: If I lose it, then there's no reason for me to remain on the frontlines.

Springfield: But I'm sure the Commander will be in a tight spot if you reject the neural upgrade.

Mosin-Nagant: I don't mind if I have to leave the combat echelons. If it's just staying in Griffin, there's actually a lot of things I can do.

Mosin-Nagant: See, there are a lot of requests for concierges and ceremonial guards...!

Mosin-Nagant: Hahaha, looks like a second springtime for my career!

Springfield: I still remember how you and Miss OTs-14 used to complain about being put on emergency concierge duty...

Mosin-Nagant: Yeah, that was a tiring and annoying assignment.

Mosin-Nagant: Still, I have no choice. At least it suits me.

Springfield: Are you...really not going to give it a little more thought?

Mosin-Nagant: I've done enough of that. There's no point thinking any further.

Mosin-Nagant: Springfield...

Mosin-Nagant: Let's have a hug.

Springfield: ...Okay.

Springfield: Please...take care.

After that, Mosin-Nagant refuses the neural upgrade and modernization, and volunteers for a transfer to a ceremonial guard unit.

While she still lives in the dorms, her contact with the others decreases due to the differences in their work patterns and lifestyles.

...

Inside the Griffin dorms.

SKS: I found a bunch of stray cats behind the data room several nights ago.

SKS: The kittens were already running all over the place, but I wasn't sure what to do with them.

SVT-38: If they're stray cats, why not send them to the rescue station?

SVT-38: If you leave them be, they might cause another awkward incident.

SVT-38: Ah...

SVT-38: ...Do you still remember what Mosin-Nagant said one morning about the incident during the Commander's briefing?

SKS: I do, I do...

SKS: But...

SKS: I haven't met Mosin-Nagant in a while. She gets up early every day and comes back late every night.

SVT-38: Yeah, and sometimes she gets a day off, but everyone's out on missions.

SVT-38: The ceremonial guard usually covers her meals, but I'll get jealous if she eats better than us.

SKS: Hehe, now who was the one who said "I'll never settle for just being a pretty decoration!"

SKS: ...Still, she really has been very quiet recently. She's not as lively as she used to be when she was here.

SKS: Normally, she'd be making a racket with all those vodka fiends!

SVT-38: You are one of those vodka fiends too. At least Mosin-Nagant still has her sober moments...

SVT-38: But it's true... I do kind of miss the old days...

SVT-38: And the passionate and cheerful person that she was...

Tokarev: ...

Tokarev: But she never left us...

SVT-38: Hm? Tokarev? What did you say?

Tokarev: It's nothing... I have to go.

...

Griffin HQ, inside the ceremonial guard break room.

Mosin-Nagant: Whew...it's finally over...

Mosin-Nagant: Let's see... how much time do I have left until my next shift...

Mosin-Nagant: Looks like I can get some sleep... Heh! Lucky me!

Tokarev: Miss Mosin-Nagant!

Mosin-Nagant: Huh?! Is that you, Tokarev! What are you doing here?

Tokarev: Miss Kalina had to come to HQ today for something...

Tokarev: I remembered you're stationed here and hitched a ride.

Mosin-Nagant: Wow! You came all this way for me?

Mosin-Nagant: But you didn't have to go to all that trouble! I come back to the dorms at night too!

Mosin-Nagant: Have you been to HQ before? It's huge, why don't I show you around the place?

Tokarev: Miss Mosin-Nagant...there's something I'd like to know.

Tokarev: And there's something I'd like to ask you.

Mosin-Nagant: Hm? What is it?

Mosin-Nagant: Still, if something's the matter...you can just look me up in the dorm, right?

Tokarev: But you look so tired when you come back from HQ every night, and I don't want to bother you when you're like that...

Mosin-Nagant: ...

Mosin-Nagant: Hm, alright. What is it?

Tokarev: ...

Tokarev: Miss Mosin-Nagant...

Tokarev: Why did you...why did you accept this arrangement, just like that?

Mosin-Nagant: ...

Tokarev: In the past, whether you were in the base or fighting S.F...

Tokarev: You were always full of confidence, and you never gave up easily.

Tokarev: Why did you leave just like that...and why did you come here, of all places?!

Mosin-Nagant: ...

Mosin-Nagant: There wasn't any special reason for it, it was just a personal decision.

Mosin-Nagant: Besides, my transfer would open up a new vacancy. That way, other juniors with potential might end up being promoted. That's a good thing for everyone.

Tokarev: ...A good thing...?!

Mosin-Nagant: (Sighs)

Mosin-Nagant: My schedule's really tight, and I need some time to prepare.

Mosin-Nagant: If there's nothing else, I'll be going back now.

Tokarev: Miss Mosin-Nagant, did you end up this way because of the neural upgrade list?

Mosin-Nagant: ...Tokarev, not everything is a conspiracy like you imagine.

Tokarev: I want to know why you're so against being remodeled, Miss Mosin-Nagant!

Tokarev: Are you saying that you're willing to leave us all for the sake of protecting your bloodline?!

Mosin-Nagant: ...

Mosin-Nagant: What if the results of the upgrade made me into something else entirely? How would that be different than building a brand-new T-Doll?

Mosin-Nagant: You'll be welcoming someone you've never seen before either, so what difference would my choice make?

Mosin-Nagant: Being in a ceremonial guard unit isn't so bad either. After all, the only value in an antique like the Mosin-Nagant...is nostalgia.

...Smack!

Tokarev slaps Mosin-Nagant square on the cheek.

Mosin-Nagant: ...

Tokarev: You're just too nice to everyone!

Tokarev: You won't show how much pain you're in, even if it's tying you up in knots inside!

Tokarev: You should have fought with the Commander to the bitter end about the upgrade in the first place, Miss Mosin-Nagant!

Tokarev: Why...why did things have to end up like this...?

Mosin-Nagant: I'm fine...

Mosin-Nagant: If there's nothing else, I'll be heading back.

Tokarev: I'm sorry...

Mosin-Nagant: ...

Mosin-Nagant leaves.

Tokarev: I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...
Part 3

3

...

Late at night, in the Springfield Cafe.

There's a quiet knock on the cafe door.

Springfield: Please come in.

Mosin-Nagant: Evening, Springfield. Are you still open?

Springfield: ...

Springfield: Yes, we are. Would you like the usual coffee? Or would you like to order something else?

Mosin-Nagant: No, the same old coffee will do.

Springfield: Hm, alright. Please give me a while.

...

Mosin-Nagant: ......

Springfield: ♪～♬～♪

Mosin-Nagant: Springfield...you're still the same as always.

Springfield: Oh, don't talk like we've been separated forever. Here's your coffee.

Mosin-Nagant: Thank you, Springfield.

Mosin-Nagant: Hahaha, I knew it, this is how coffee should taste. I just can't get used to the stuff they serve in HQ's cafe.

Springfield: I'll accept that as a compliment, then. ♪

Mosin-Nagant: Or maybe it has to do with the person making it. After all, you don't make the coffee over at HQ.

Mosin-Nagant: Speaking of which...

Mosin-Nagant: ...Springfield, why did you choose to work in a cafe?

Springfield: Which answer would you like to hear?

Mosin-Nagant: Huh?

Springfield: I could say that I was tired of it all, that I wanted a change of pace, that I wanted to learn to make coffee, or that I wanted to see everyone smile...but none of these are the answer you want, are they?

Mosin-Nagant: ...I don't know what I want.

Mosin-Nagant: But I envy how you can be so self-assured and handle everything with ease...

Springfield: Oh, I've got problems of my own and I get frustrated too, you know. But your situation right now is much more pressing, right? What happened?

Mosin-Nagant: ...Tokarev came to talk to me today, and afterwards I felt that she was right...but I don't know what to do now.

Mosin-Nagant: (Sighs) In any case, I'm just making more trouble for myself...

Springfield: While I don't know what she said to you, do you still care that much about your bloodline?

Mosin-Nagant: I used to think it was very important...but now...

Mosin-Nagant: I can't find a balance between embracing myself or others...

Mosin-Nagant: No matter what I do, I always feel like I did something wrong.

Springfield: That's because both sides are important to you, so you can't accept favoring one over the other, am I right?

Mosin-Nagant: Springfield... I think... I've fallen back into the same confusion I started with.

Mosin-Nagant: Kind of funny, right?

Springfield: If you can't pick one over the other...

Springfield: ...

Springfield: Then what if you and everyone else each took a step back? Wouldn't that make things easier to accept?

Mosin-Nagant: Each of us taking a step back...?

Mosin-Nagant: But...

Springfield withdraws a neural upgrade plan from her drawer and hands it to Mosin-Nagant.

Mosin-Nagant: This schematic...isn't this...

Springfield: Someone asked me to hand it to you... just in case you came by here again.

Mosin-Nagant: But aren't the contents...huh...?

Mosin-Nagant: ...

This neural upgrade plan's been heavily revised. It's no longer so single-mindedly focused on improving combat effectiveness.

On the contrary, it's gone out of its way to preserve as many of the old parts as possible...

Mosin-Nagant: It's...different? Did the Commander change it...?

Mosin-Nagant: But...why?

Springfield: It was because of Tokarev.

Springfield: After she came back from HQ, she immediately roped everyone into writing a petition to the Commander.

Springfield: It seems more people were willing to sign on than she expected.

Mosin-Nagant: A petition...but why? For...for me?

Mosin-Nagant: But I don't understand, why did they have to...

Springfield: They all went up and asked the Commander to reconsider what the neural upgrade and your bloodline meant to you, in the hopes of changing the direction which the neural upgrade would take.

Springfield: The Commander thought about it and agreed, which is why we have this revised plan.

Springfield: Now the only thing left is whether or not you're willing to accept it.

Springfield: Come back to us, everyone's finding it hard to adjust to the days without you around.

Mosin-Nagant: I... I...

Springfield: It's because you never gave up on others that others won't give up on you so easily.

Springfield: So you'd better prepare yourself.

Mosin-Nagant: I...

Mosin-Nagant: Commander...

Mosin-Nagant: Everyone...

Tears roll down Mosin-Nagant's cheeks, splashing on the upgrade plan that's crumpled from how hard she's squeezing it.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

At Springfield's Cafe.

...SVT-38 rushes in.

SVT-38: Hey! I heard Mosin-Nagant's back!

SVT-38: Is it true?!

Tokarev: Yes, it is! She's back!

Tokarev: Or rather...she doesn't need to go all the way to HQ to work anymore.

SVT-38: That doesn't matter!

SVT-38: So where's Mosin-Nagant?! Where did she go?

Tokarev: Er...

Springfield: Pffft...

SVT-38: Hang on, what's with those looks on your faces?

SVT-38: Just so you know, if you're messing with me...

Mosin-Nagant: SVT-38... I'm right here.

SVT-38: ...

SVT-38: Eh? Ehhhhhhhhh?!

Mosin-Nagant: The remodel was completed without a hitch, and some stuff has been changed...like...my outfit and so on...

Springfield: Hehe, if not for the bloodline she carries, we'd really have treated Mosin-Nagant like a new Doll when she walked in today.

Tokarev: You're not the only one with that look on your face today, SVT-38.

SVT-38: Urgh...

SVT-38: Alright, I know why now. But Mosin-Nagant, where did that cat on your lap come from?

Mosin-Nagant: Oh, that's the cat who barged in halfway through the Commander's briefing!

Mosin-Nagant: When I came back, I found that someone had sent it to the rescue station, so now it's a new member of our dorm!

SVT-38: Wasn't that the stray cat we sent to the...

SVT-38: Never mind...

SVT-38: So, have you named it yet?

Mosin-Nagant: OTs-14 suggested that we call it Commander, and we'll be holding a secret vote behind its proposed namesake's back...

SVT-38: So you're not going to brood over the decision by yourself this time?

Mosin-Nagant: Your opinions all matter too, after all.

Mosin-Nagant: Besides, I've got all the time in the world to think up a name with all of you now that I'm back!