...Evening, in the Griffin base.

At the training ground.

Gr MP5 flips through her training records and frowns.

Gr MP5: Why don't they consider putting the modified Dolls in their own range...

Gr MP5: It's really annoying when you can't beat their scores no matter what you do.

Thompson, who's been supervising her from the side, calmly looks over at Gr MP5.

Thompson: Ha, now I'm wondering if you're upset at the modified Dolls or yourself.

Gr MP5 waves the record sheet in her hand.

Gr MP5: But they ARE stronger after being modified!

Gr MP5: I don't want to be grouped with these Dolls for every practice session... My skill seems so useless...

Thompson: You're probably the only one who thinks that way.

Thompson: I haven't heard any of the modified Dolls say anything like that, you know.

Thompson: Still—

Thompson pauses, and walks up to take the record sheet from Gr MP5's hand.

Thompson: —Your training scores are a little lackluster.

Thompson: You can't slack off even if you've only been running logistics recently.

...Later, in the Doll dorms.

Gr MP5's bedroom is empty. She sits on her bed, holding her bionic piggy up in front of her as she puffs up her cheeks in anger.

Gr MP5: I can't believe Master actually said I'm slacking off! That really hurt!

Gr MP5: But it's true that I've been sent on more and more logistics missions recently...

Gr MP5: When missions were being handed out last time, the Commander only sent Master onto the battlefield. I mean, it's Master, but I'm still jealous...

As Gr MP5 mutters to herself, she picks up her desk planner and checks it.

Gr MP5: (Groans) Let's see, what missions did I go on last month...collecting airdropped meat rations, patrolling elementary schools that are around the combat zones, and finding several cats?

Gr MP5: Is the precious flower of my youth really going to be wasted on petty things like this?

Gr MP5 is suddenly struck by inspiration. She puts down her planner before turning to look at her bionic pig.

Gr MP5: Wait a minute, I'll be able to escape this kind of life if I become stronger, right?

Gr MP5 jumps off the bed, then primly sits back down.

Gr MP5: I'll go mention it to the Commander in the morning! That way, I'll be able to head to the frontlines right away!

Gr MP5: Heehee, I'll get to show off in front of P7 in a new set of stylish, powerful gear!

...The next morning.

Inside the base.

Gr MP5 has gotten up especially early this morning and skips her way to the building where the Commander's office is located.

As she reaches the foot of the HQ block, Gr MP5 hears a languid voice.

???: Huh? Is the Logistics Department on leave today?

Gr MP5 pouts and starts running. She ignores the voice coming from beside her and tries not to think about how it's catching up to her.

XM8 pokes her head out and glances at Gr MP5 before walking over to her side.

XM8: Are you ignoring me, shorty? ♪

XM8: Let me guess, looking for the Commander?

Gr MP5 freezes in place and glares at XM8 with round, angry eyes.

Gr MP5: That's right, I came to get the Commander's approval for my modification request.

XM8 is momentarily stunned.

XM8: A modification?

Gr MP5: Hehe, I'm going to request a tall body from the Commander, so you won't get to call me shorty again!

XM8's face recovers from the shock.

XM8: Oh? Well, that'll have to wait until you actually get the Commander's approval.

XM8: Still, what brought this on? You're pretty cute as a shorty.

Gr MP5: I suppose this IS kind of cute...what the heck! I'm going to get taller!

Gr MP5: XM8, let me ask you, how long has it been since you've been assigned to a mission on the battlefield?

XM8: Hm, let me think... Not that long? I went to scout a new S.F. base last week.

XM8: Why do you ask?

Gr MP5: I... The Commander hasn't sent me on missions like that in a long time. Don't tell me the Commander's forgotten me...

Gr MP5: I mean, I'm clearly capable of standing on the frontlines! I'm very reliable, you know!

XM8: Nahhhh, I doubt anyone would find a shorty reliable. I mean, imagine what would happen if we lost sight of you during a miss—

XM8: Owwww! Kicking people in the knee HURTS, by the way!

XM8 suddenly bends over and hugs her knee, then looks up to see Gr MP5 pouting, staring down at her with her hands planted on her waist.

Gr MP5: How could you be so mean to me?! We're teammates and our rooms are right next to each other!

XM8: Alright, alright... I won't mess with you any more. Hurry up and tell the Commander about it and come back quickly, I need someone to play chess with me.

XM8 says as she makes a big show of opening up her foldable chessboard by the staircase downstairs.

Gr MP5 mutters quietly to herself.

Gr MP5: I can't believe you're not scared of overheating on a hot day like this... I'll be right back!

XM8 watches Gr MP5 run off into the distance and scoffs.

XM8: Dolls may be able to upload their neural clouds, but if the Commander really lets that shorty onto the frontlines, I don't know which iteration of Gr MP5 is going to come back to play chess with me...

...At the same time.

Inside the Commander's Office.

Gr MP5: Huh?! Y-You mean it's not just a matter of submitting a request form?!

Commander: ...Of course not.

Commander: Also, we need to prepare an appropriate modification plan for you first.

Gr MP5 hangs her head, defeat written all over her face.

Gr MP5: But doesn't that mean I'll never be able to take on a real combat mission...?

Commander: War isn't a good thing.

Gr MP5: That's just because you don't think I'm reliable, Commander!

Gr MP5: I can...I can clearly handle a lot of tasks! But you keep giving me all these unimportant missions...

Commander: What gives you that idea...?

Commander: (Sighs) It's not that you're weak, Gr MP5... It's just that it might be too early for you to handle certain things.

Gr MP5 says nothing. She merely stands in front of the Commander with her cheeks puffed up, like a kid who won't leave unless she gets her sweets.

The Commander looks at her and sighs in defeat.

Commander: Still, a somewhat tricky mission has come up recently, so I might have to trouble you to handle it.

Commander: Don't make me regret my decision...

Gr MP5: Somewhat tricky? Humph, am I going to have to find cats in the ruins again? How many will I have to—

Commander: No. This time...you'll be going into a war zone.
Part 2

2

...Morning, at the Griffin base.

The Dolls passing by the HQ block might have heard a muffled voice — one which sounds somewhat delighted.

Meanwhile, XM8, who is squatting downstairs, has a look of disbelief on her face.

XM8: What was that just now? Did someone just say...

XM8: "Thank you, Commander"...?

XM8: Don't tell me the Commander actually agreed and threw that shorty onto the battlefield...

Just as XM8 starts muttering to herself, the shorty in question runs down the stairs.

Gr MP5: XM8! Did you know? The Commander just said—

XM8: —That you could go onto the battlefield?

Gr MP5's face shows no sign of annoyance at being interrupted.

Gr MP5: Yup! An operation in the war zone came up at the last minute!

Gr MP5: Normally, the Commander would've given it to Master, but Master already went out on a mission in the morning, so—!

XM8: Alright, I get it, it's been assigned to you instead, the low-spec version of Thompson.

Gr MP5: Don't keep calling me that! Even if I AM a lower-spec version of Master, I've absorbed the secrets of her teachings over the course of my training!

Gr MP5: And the Commander also said that based on the data, I ought to be able to handle it!

Gr MP5: Although, the Commander sounded a bit hesitant about telling me something... Eh, anyway, it probably wasn't important!

XM8 shakes her head.

XM8: I don't know why, but I think I can imagine what exactly the Commander tried — and failed — to get out...

Gr MP5 tilts her head and looks at XM8, then she regains the look of excitement with which she had left the HQ block.

Gr MP5: I'll take a rain check on this game of chess! I'll make it up to you when I get back!

Gr MP5: I'm finally going to have a chance to show everyone what Master taught me—

XM8 doesn't immediately respond to what Gr MP5 said. Instead, she falls silent for a moment.

XM8: Look, Gr MP5, actually...

XM8: Forget it...just come back in one piece.

Gr MP5 never managed to decipher the complex blend of emotions on XM8's face that morning.

Her rushed schedule does not permit her much time for pondering the matter, and by the time Gr MP5 revisits those words, the shells are already going off all around her.

...In the war zone.

Amidst the city ruins.

Gr MP5: Dammit! XM8, you jinx!

Bangbang! Bangbangbang—!

P99: Let's fall back for now! These reinforcements that suddenly turned up are a little hard to handle...

P99: We need to reorganize ourselves and send a report back to base!

Gr MP5: A-Alright!

Gr MP5: You guys go first! I...I'll use my skill, I'll be fine...!

P99: Urgh... Don't push yourself too hard!

P99: Everyone! We're relocating to the ruins at 8 o'clock! Mind yourselves and listen to my orders!

...

Under P99's leadership, Gr MP5 and her team members find cover, taking a brief moment to catch their breath amidst the never-ending hail of gunfire.

Gr MP5 sits in a corner, looking at her scorched skin and the singed hems of her dress. She can't keep her tears from falling.

P99: Gr MP5...

P99: Don't worry, I've already contacted the base. The Commander says we can withdraw to a safe point about a kilometer away.

P99: Our intelligence was flawed, so the danger rating of this mission has been upgraded to an S rank, which means...

P99: All we have to do now is wait in a safe place to hand things over to our replacements.

Gr MP5: I...I didn't expect the fighting to be so intense...

P99: That's not your fault...

Gr MP5: I even went and ran my mouth to XM8 and the Commander about how strong I was...

Gr MP5: This is just so embarrassing!

P99 adjusts her glasses and smiles helplessly.

P99: Don't be like that. It's not like you're weak either, Gr MP5.

P99: At the very least, every time I return to my room after a mission I always run into you coming back from the range, Gr MP5.

P99: You've already worked very hard, so don't be so hard on yourself.

Gr MP5: B-But if Master were here, she wouldn't have let things end up this way!

P99: (Sighs) You've always had that problem.

Gr MP5: Huh?

P99: Miss Thompson is Miss Thompson, but you are you, Gr MP5.

Gr MP5 falls silent. Her expression flickers rapidly; even P99 is unable to tell what she is thinking.

Just as she is about to speak, a loud explosion comes from outside the ruins.

BOOM—!

Gr MP5: W-What happened?

P99: ...!

P99: Oh no! We can't let the enemy block our path of retreat!

P99: Everyone, listen up, we're going to stage a breakout!

Bang bang!

Intense cannon fire blasts through the run-down walls that provide the team with shelter. It flings debris through the smoke-filled air, which slashes past the Dolls' bodies like flying razor blades.

Gr MP5 staggers to her feet and reflexively moves in front of her teammates.

The return fire from Gr MP5 and her teammates in this unevenly-matched battle is like a wisp of smoke disappearing into the night sky, completely drowned out by their opposition.

P99: Ladies, mind yourselves! I'm activating my skill, so fall back as quickly as you can!

P99 stands behind Gr MP5 as she directs the other team members while opening communications to the command post to verify the coordinates of the unit taking over from them.

It's probably because they've been roommates and battle buddies for so long that P99 senses something amiss about Gr MP5 amidst the furious gunfire.

Gr MP5: (Whimpers) If only I were as strong as Master...

Gr MP5: If I can hold out against the next wave of attacks, everyone will be safe!

P99: What are you babbling about, Gr MP5?! Don't just stand there, RUN!

Gr MP5: I need to be stronger...like Master...

Gr MP5: If I can just soak up all the attacks...!

BOOM—!

Even Gr MP5 doesn't know if she mumbled those words to herself or if she shouted them at the last moment.

By the time she realizes it, all that remains is the sound of explosions, interspersed with the sound of her teammates calling out to her.
Part 3

3

Gr MP5 opens her squeezed-shut eyes by just a sliver. That's when she finally realizes the explosions, which were so loud that they hurt her ears, are all gone.

Light filters into Gr MP5's visual modules, and she sees a worried face scowling hard at her.

XM8: You stupid shorty! P99 told you to stop standing around and run! Are you deaf?

Gr MP5: Ehhhhh? What are you doing here, XM8...

Gr MP5: Your face is huge, XM8, just scoot back a bit...

P99 looks over and barely manages to keep XM8 from knuckling Gr MP5 on the head.

P99: Are you awake?

P99: Hehe, what a coincidence. I was still checking for the coordinates of our reinforcements back then, I didn't expect them to show up by airdrop—

XM8: Yeah, I arrived and the first thing I saw was a stupid little shorty standing motionless so the enemy could get some target practice.

Gr MP5: Um...well... A-Are the enemies all gone?

XM8: Yup. We checkmated them.

Gr MP5: That's good... I have to hand it to you, XM8. Your experience in actual combat makes you really amazing.

Gr MP5: Hehe...not like me, I lost a leg,

Gr MP5 exhales deeply and giggles, but as she looks down at the stretcher she's lying on, particularly at her lower body, her face turns gloomy again.

Gr MP5: If Master were here—

XM8: How much longer are you going to keep muttering about Thompson?

XM8 interrupts Gr MP5's ramblings without any mercy, the way she always has.

But this time, Gr MP5 looks genuinely depressed.

Gr MP5: If Master had been here...she wouldn't have lost a leg, at least...

XM8: If Thompson were here, she wouldn't have lost a leg, because she wouldn't have LET herself lose a leg.

Gr MP5: You're starting to sound like a tape recorder, XM8...

P99 once again steps in just in time to keep XM8's hand from punching down on Gr MP5.

P99: I think...what XM8 means is that Thompson wouldn't have let herself get into a situation like that in the first place, right?

Gr MP5: That's because Master is cool and strong!

Gr MP5: Of course someone as strong as her could have withdrawn in one piece. It's all because I didn't train enough...

XM8: So why did you stay put and let yourself get beaten up when P99 told you to run?

XM8: I mean, you're much weaker than Thompson, aren't you?

P99: XM8, you're being way too harsh...

XM8 ignores P99's whispered reminder.

XM8: You're weak, you're cowardly, so why do you keep acting tough?

Gr MP5 pouts and looks away.

Gr MP5: That's because...because...

Gr MP5: I thought that...if I didn't run away, maybe I could become mentally stronger...

XM8: You stupid shorty...

XM8: Being mentally strong doesn't mean standing around on the battlefield like a moron...

Gr MP5: But Master wouldn't have run from a fight!

P99: Argh, you're you, Gr MP5, and Miss Thompson is Miss Thompson...

Gr MP5: Ah, you're a tape recorder too, P99.

Gr MP5: —Ow!

Smack!

XM8 finally gets her chance to flick Gr MP5's forehead.

XM8: Thompson doesn't run from a fight because she doesn't have to.

XM8: Can YOU do that, Gr MP5?

Gr MP5: I know that, even if you don't say—

XM8: What the hell do you know?!

XM8: Honestly...you're just like those newbies who jump grades to compete in international chess tournaments and insist on comparing themselves to the grandmasters. With an attitude like that, it would be a miracle if you didn't fall apart at all.

Gr MP5 lies motionless on the stretcher. All she can do is look at XM8 and P99 with a put-upon expression on her face.

XM8: I've called you a stupid shorty already, but you really are a moron...

Gr MP5: It's not like I'm denying it, right...

P99 adjusts her glasses.

P99: I think...XM8 wants to say that Thompson wouldn't make her friends worry like this, am I right?

Gr MP5: Yeah, that's because Master is very strong—

No sooner has Gr MP5 finished her sentence than she realizes what she just said. She freezes up and protects her head.

Gr MP5: Ehhhh? Um...XM8, I think I sort of understand what you mean...

XM8 sighs heavily. P99 has pinned her hands behind her, and she is as immobile as Gr MP5.

XM8: What did I tell you before you set out?

XM8: Come. Back. In. One. Piece. What I meant was that you shouldn't try to pointlessly tough things out.

XM8: You aren't like Thompson. You don't HAVE to be like Thompson. Just fight in your own way.

Gr MP5: Like say...by not standing still and running away instead...?

XM8: Yeah, you're an important person who stands in the vanguard to protect others. How can you do that if you don't even protect yourself?

XM8: What would P99 and the others do if you went down?

Gr MP5 does not answer immediately. XM8 and P99 stand quietly beside her.

Gr MP5: A long time ago, I had a mission...to deliver resources to everyone in the combat zone.

Gr MP5: When that mission ended...I remember Miss Helian said that no matter how much we civilian Dolls were enhanced, we'd never be able to beat military Dolls. But...

Gr MP5: But she also said that there were some things that only we could do!

P99: Ha, I heard that when I joined up too...

P99: "There's a reason why Griffin chose you."

Gr MP5: Ever since then, I've always admired Master...

Gr MP5: Master is strong, beautiful, and she's got a really impressive CV!

Gr MP5: I always felt that...that Master was always shining, that she never made mistakes, but she's also so far away from me, distant and untouchable...

XM8: But you can always see her at the training ground...

Gr MP5: "Very far" is just a figure of speech! A figure of speech!

Gr MP5 pouts, but her eyes look a little lost.

Gr MP5: I'd really like to become like Master...

P99: Personally, I think...maybe Thompson would rather you become "a better Gr MP5", perhaps?

Gr MP5: A better me... But what would that be like?

Gr MP5: I always tell the Commander that everyone can count on me, but I'm weak and I get scared to tears easily... (Sobs)

XM8: Yeah, like I was saying, you just aren't suited for the frontlines—

P99 puts a little more force into pinning XM8's arms behind her.

P99: You know, Gr MP5... Miss Thompson once talked to me about this.

P99: You're small, and the base issued you special equipment too. Going along those lines, wouldn't you be better off becoming stronger in your own way than single-mindedly imitating Miss Thompson?

Gr MP5 is gobsmacked.

Gr MP5: Ehhhhh?! D-Did Master perhaps talk to you about me?!

P99: Yeah—

P99: XM8 heard it too. Miss Thompson said a lot, didn't she?

XM8: ...Ahem, yes.

XM8: Thompson emphasized that you shouldn't stand around like an idiot in the middle of the battlefield. It would be tricky for us if you got blown to bits.

P99: A-Ah, umm...haha... what Thompson meant was that you should consider your friends' feelings when they're concerned about you...

P99 shoves XM8 awkwardly and XM8 immediately shuts up. They both stare expectantly at Gr MP5.

Gr MP5 bites her lip, her eyes looking pensively at the ceiling. She seems to be deep in thought.

P99: Gr MP5...

Smack!

P99 is silent for a moment. Just as she is about to say something, Gr MP5 suddenly smacks her fist into the palm of her hand. P99 jumps in shock and XM8 takes the chance to break free of P99's grip.

Gr MP5: That's right! All I have to do is dodge!

Gr MP5: If I avoid attacks, I can keep standing in the front line, and I can still protect my teammates!

Standing beside her, P99 and XM8 finally sigh in relief and smile at each other.

P99: Well, she's gotten her mind out of that rut at last...

XM8: Yeah, although ultimately it was for Thompson's sake, not ours—

XM8: Owwww! Being kicked in the knee really hurts!

...

The medical Dolls on the transport headed back to HQ cautiously begin their preparations, unsure if this not-very-long journey will end up generating another casualty.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...A month later, in the Griffin base.

At the Commander's office.

Commander: How is it? Are you used to your new gear yet?

Gr MP5: Heehee, it's super cool!

Gr MP5: Commander, do I look like a stylish adult now?

Commander: Ha, yes, you look incredibly cool.

Commander: The fact is, I get many modification requests every day, but I didn't expect your application to be like this.

Gr MP5: Huh? Like what? Is it different from everybody else's?

Commander: How should I put this...? Your modification strikes me as being...very gentle.

Gr MP5: Wait a minute — doesn't that contradict what you just said?

Gr MP5: You agreed that I look cool...

Commander: Well, it's the same thing.

Commander: At first, I thought you'd ask to increase your firepower, but it seems I simply didn't know you well enough.

Gr MP5: Well, "destruction" isn't what I really want.

Gr MP5: Holding a grenade launcher and whatnot is pretty scary.

Gr MP5: I'm dedicated to carrying out Master's instructions! I'm happy enough just protecting everyone!

Commander: Oh? So we have Thompson to thank for this.

Gr MP5: Heehee, well, that's Master for you!

Gr MP5: Although...uh...

Commander: Hm?

Gr MP5: The training curriculum after my modification...was your doing, wasn't it? Don't tell me you're the one who designed it!

Commander: Indeed.

Gr MP5: Oof... This is terrible... It's way too hard... (Whimpers)

Commander: Huh?

Commander: I don't think they're...actually that difficult?

...Some time earlier.

At the training ground.

Boom—!

XM8: Shorty! You're too slow! Move your ass!

XM8's languid yet somewhat stern voice rings out amidst the sound of exploding grenades.

Gr MP5: (Whimpers) Why did you bring your Dummies along for today's training...?

Gr MP5: The sound of grenades exploding is super scary...

XM8: You mean you can't handle this little bit of suppressive fire after practicing in the simulator for so long?

Gr MP5: I get the idea behind it... But how come you can keep using your skill over and over in live battle training...?

Gr MP5: You're cheating, right? You've got to be cheating!

XM8: The enemy isn't going to take pity on you in combat and only fire a few shells your way.

XM8: Now quit standing around and MOVE!

Gr MP5: I-I'm already dodging!

XM8: Too slow!

XM8: Honestly, you can make "takebacks" now, you know? You'll be wasting your modification if you don't make full use of it!

Gr MP5: (Whimpers) I know that...

Gr MP5: You must have been the one who came up with such a harsh training plan...

XM8: It wasn't me. I'm only training with you because the Commander asked me to.

Gr MP5: W-What?!

Gr MP5: No way, the Commander would never do that to me! I don't believe it!

XM8: Granted, I DID make some changes to its contents...

XM8: The Commander trusts you! That's why you're being put through this grueling training! Otherwise, how are you going to become Thompson's successor?

Gr MP5: G-Gah....!

Gr MP5: I-I'll do this for Master's sake!

...Back to the present.

Inside the Commander's office.

Gr MP5: That's roughly how it went...

Gr MP5: I can't believe you arranged such tough training for me... You know, you don't have to rely on me all the time, Commander! Really!

Gr MP5: I can grow slowly, there's no need to rush...

Commander: There's something wrong with this scenario somewhere, but leaving that aside for now...

Commander: Well...

Just as the Commander is about to say a few words of comfort, Gr MP5's communicator buzzes.

After taking the call, XM8's face fills the entire image display.

XM8: Hey shorty, what time is it? Don't tell me you're going to skip today's training?

Gr MP5: I-I'm giving the Commander my report on the situation!

Gr MP5: I'll be there right away, okay?! Gosh, XM8 is so bossy... A bossy tape recorder...

As Gr MP5 mutters to herself, she waves wildly in the Commander's direction before running out of the office.

Commander: For Master's sake...eh?

Commander: Still, I really get what Gr MP5 means when she says she wants to "protect" something.

Commander: Not "destroying" things... That'd be nice... wouldn't it...