...In the Transvaal Region of South Africa.

After a hard sprint, four Tactical Dolls lie panting on the sand that stretches out to the horizon.

NTW-20: So tell me, TEC-9, why did you throw that maple syrup-covered sandwich at that human's face?

TEC-9: Ughh... B-because humans are really scary!

TEC-9: He had veins just like ours on the back of his hand when he reached over to me!

PTRD: There there, don't cry, that human didn't mean ill...

PTRD: At least, not before you threw that sandwich into his face.

NTW-20: And you, why do you need to slather everything you eat in maple syrup?

TAC-50: Because maple syrup makes even the worst-tasting food edible!

NTW-20 sags weakly into the sand.

NTW-20: Are these strangely troublesome and somewhat sticky people really my teammates?

...One week earlier, in the Commander's office.

NTW-20: Commander, about this mission to the Transvaal...

Commander: What's the matter? Do you have any questions?

NTW-20: Commander, I've always carried out my missions alone, and I've completed them quite well, if I may say so myself.

Commander: Yes, you have, NTW. You've always been a very capable Tactical Doll.

NTW-20: But I have three teammates on this mission.

Commander: This mission involves a vicious criminal organization. They've been stealing Dolls from all around and reselling any that they manage to reformat, while dismantling the ones they can't. They are ruthless and disciplined.

Commander: While their branches in various areas have been repeatedly raided and the Dolls they were using have been recovered, there are still human members at large.

NTW-20: My mission this time round involves recovering rare parts left behind in the organization's HQ before their members can get them.

NTW-20: After taking their most recent range of activity into consideration, there is a 93.7% probability that I will not be making direct contact with human criminals.

Commander: I'm not worried about whether you can handle contact with human criminals. However, you've been working solo all this while. I think it's time you learned to work in a team.

NTW-20: ...

NTW-20: Understood.

Commander: Oh yes, one of your team members, TEC-9, was once employed by the organization.

Commander: Fortunately, she couldn't complete the assassinations given to her because she was terrified of human beings, and thus they abandoned her.

Commander: She should be able to provide you with a lot of useful information.

NTW-20: Understood. I'll be mindful of her safety.

Commander: Don't worry. The teammates I chose for you have irreplaceable strengths. I'm sure they'll be able to help you during this mission.

PTRD: We'll carry on with the mission, then. According to the original plan, we ought to have been at our destination by now.

PTRD: It might be hard on us, but in order not to waste time, let's run all the way there!

TAC-50: Alright!

TEC-9: Yeah!

PTRD: Come on, NTW-20, keep up!

As the setting sun draws out the shadows of the three running Dolls, NTW-20 is compelled to shout:

NTW-20: Heeeeey—! You guys...

NTW-20: Are running the wrong way... It's this way...

...Two hours later, near the criminal organization's HQ.

TAC-50: Whew— we're here at last!

TAC-50: I thought these criminals' HQ would look fancy and all, but this...

NTW-20: Well, we finally made it, so we can officially begin the mission.

TEC-9: (Whimpers) I've got to face scary humans again...

PTRD: Are you afraid, TEC-9?

PTRD: You shouldn't be. The organization's been raided several times, so there aren't many of them left.

TEC-9: Yeah... I know...

TEC-9: It's just that anyone who's held out this long is probably going to make it really tough for us...

NTW-20: Yes, this will probably be a tricky encounter.

NTW-20's gaze turns to the windows of the HQ building.

TAC-50: Which is why we should have dinner first before scoping the place out. ♪

TEC-9: Sounds great!

PTRD: We ought to have a good rest too.

NTW-20: ...

NTW-20: So we're not going in right away?

PTRD pats NTW-20, who is rooted to the spot.

PTRD: Don't worry, we'll do the job we came here to do.

PTRD: However, we should fill our bellies first.

NTW-20: ...Alright.

TAC-50 produces a bottle of maple syrup out of nowhere and happily dumps it all on various food items.

TEC-9 takes refuge in PTRD's embrace, trembling as she reads horror stories featuring humans.

NTW-20: This is fine too. Leaving them here will help avoid a lot of unpredictable risks.

NTW-20: I'll find the parts swiftly and then we'll be able to head back to base.

NTW-20 quietly makes her way towards the HQ building.

An hour later, NTW-20 has climbed her way into the building through an external air vent.

NTW-20: Alright, I'm in, though I got lost for a moment.

NTW-20: No biological matter detected; moving in.

NTW-20 takes a deep breath, and then crashes down through the ceiling—

PTRD: NTW? What took you so long?

NTW-20: What are you doing here?!

TAC-50: You're just in time. Maple Moon finished scanning the building's structure.

TAC-50: Here, I'll share the map data with you.

TEC-9: Why do you look so miserable? Did you run into humans or something?

NTW-20: I...I'm fine...

NTW-20: ...How's the mission going?

PTRD: We did a quick search and found several wrecked computers. TEC-9 is trying to restore their data.

PTRD: NTW-20, come with me and continue the search. TAC-50, stay here and help TEC-9.

...In the basement of the criminal organization's HQ.

PTRD: NTW-20, why did you leave the group and go off on your own?

PTRD: If there's anything you're unhappy with, you can tell me now.

NTW-20: Unhappy? No, there's nothing I'm unhappy with.

PTRD: Then why did you leave the group without saying anything?

NTW-20: What's wrong with that? I've always operated that way.

PTRD: The Commander explained to me that you've only ever carried out solo missions.

PTRD: However, we're on the same team now. Do you understand?

NTW-20: Yes.

While NTW-20 placates PTRD with perfunctory agreement, her eyes are drawn to an old motorbike.

PTRD steps in front of NTW-20 as she looks at the bike and stuffs a package of maple syrup salad into NTW-20's hands.

PTRD: Here's an analogy you might not like much.

PTRD: The four of us are like the ingredients of this maple syrup salad. We're all in this together.

NTW-20 looks sympathetically at the maple syrup salad in her hands.

PTRD: When you try to leave the team by yourself, it's like the grapefruit in here trying to work its way free of the maple syrup.

PTRD: You think you've gotten free of the shackles of the maple syrup, but in truth you've left a trail of it behind yourself...

PTRD: By following the maple syrup, we can find you.

NTW-20: Does TAC-50's maple syrup have some kind of tracking ability?

PTRD: ...

PTRD: NTW-20, do you know what maple syrup is?

NTW-20: Yes...

The communicator beeps at an inopportune moment.

TAC-50: TEC-9 just finished recovering the data. Most of it was unsalvageable, but the bits we managed to piece together are really important!

PTRD: What does it say?

TEC-9: "The last batch of products in HQ will be transferred to the location indicated by the buyer at 2am on the 17th."

TEC-9: These humans...they're going to move a shipment of important goods from here tomorrow!

TAC-50: They're high-end fire control cores...

NTW-20: No wonder they're taking such a big risk to get them back.

PTRD: Stand by over there, you two. I'll contact the Commander and report our findings.

The transmission ends.

PTRD makes a long-distance call to the Commander.

PTRD: I didn't notice it at first, but this place doesn't have signal coverage...

PTRD: I can't contact the Commander.

NTW-20: That's not surprising. The dense terrain naturally causes severe interference.

NTW-20: On top of that, you have this building blocking all reception. It would've been strange if you could get through.

PTRD: Let's go. We'll meet up with the others first.

NTW-20: Sure, hop on.

PTRD looks back in confusion, and sees that NTW-20 has already started up the motorbike.

NTW-20: So, what exactly IS maple syrup?
Part 2

2

...Midnight, at the criminal HQ, which appears to have been looted.

Still nothing...

TEC-9: I searched all the usual hiding places, but I didn't find anything either...

PTRD: But why? Where else could those cores be?

PTRD: Maybe they aren't here at all.

TEC-9: That's possible... These humans are really cunning...

PTRD: And we still can't contact the Commander...

PTRD: That means we'll just have to do this on our own.

PTRD: Let's play it safe and get out of the building first.

PTRD: If our intel is correct, there'll be people coming to move the shipment of fire control cores in a few more hours.

PTRD: If we leave the HQ, we won't be able to intercept the cores as soon as possible.

PTRD: I know that, but we have no idea who these people are, their numbers, their armaments and so on...

PTRD: It's too risky to stay here and try to ambush them while we're completely in the dark.

PTRD: If you're afraid, then leave me here.

PTRD: It's not a matter of being afraid. We're a team, NTW-20.

PTRD: Yes, and you were going on and on about maple syrup salad...

PTRD: So you DO like my maple syrup salad!

PTRD: That's not the point...

PTRD: In any case, we're withdrawing. That's an order.

PTRD: ...

PTRD: Alright.

...1:30am, at the criminal HQ.

It is NTW-20's turn to stand watch, and she takes advantage of the opportunity to sneak back in. She now lies in wait inside the building.

I should be able to find out where that shipment of high-end fire control cores are being kept within an hour.

Then, all I need to do is disrupt the transportation process. That way I'll be able to complete the mission even without making contact with those humans.

It's like hunting. All I have to do is take aim at the target from a dark corner...

NTW-20 looks into the spacious hall.

...20 minutes later.

I wonder if they've realized it yet...

The main door suddenly flies open.

Are they here?!

NTW-20 holds her breath, aiming her sight at the main door.

PTRD: Come out, NTW-20. I know you're here.

PTRD: Why is it you guys again?

PTRD: Why did you run off again?

TEC-9: Yeah, you're as sneaky as those humans...

Just as they enter the hall, the security klaxon goes off and a set of thick bulletproof shutters come slamming down.

PTRD: What's going on?

PTRD: Did we set off some kind of alarm?

While they're wondering what is going on, long-dormant loudspeakers come to life.

Creepy Male Voice: What a lovely night it is, no?

Creepy Male Voice: A bunch of people we've been wanting to take revenge on for a while now have just walked right through our front door.

Creepy Male Voice: ...

Creepy Male Voice: A trap?

Savage Male Voice: Just as we were starting to worry about running out of operation funds, four high-end fire control cores walk themselves right up to us.

Savage Male Voice: Looks like we're fated to make a comeback, muahahahaha...

Creepy Male Voice: Considering how generous you've been, we'll end your suffering in about 10 minutes.

Creepy Male Voice: ...

The broadcast ends.

NTW-20 tries the door leading out, but finds that it's been completely sealed by the security system.

TEC-9: (Whimpers) After going to all that effort, we still fell into their hands...

TAC-50: Leader, what do we do now?

PTRD: Whew...okay, let me calm down and think...

NTW-20: TEC-9, are there any other exits here besides the main door?

TEC-9: Uhhh...no...

PTRD: The broadcast said "10 minutes"...

PTRD: TEC-9, how do they usually deal with Dolls and extract their cores?

TEC-9: They have killers, humans who specialize in killing Dolls! They usually work in pairs...

TEC-9: They smash civilian Dolls outright and send them to their specialized dismantlers...

TEC-9: Tactical Dolls might be sent in for reformatting...

TAC-50: What should we do? We can't fire on humans, right?

PTRD: True...but all routes of escape have been cut off...

PTRD: All we can do is think of a way to get past the killers and out of here...

PTRD: How did you escape this organization in the past, TEC-9?

TEC-9: I suddenly woke up when I was on the way to being dismantled...

TEC-9: Then I secretly sneaked off their truck when they stopped for a break and rolled down a slope...

TEC-9: And then the Commander found me...

TEC-9: That doesn't give us anything to work with...

TEC-9: In other words, to them you're a Doll that doesn't exist, right?

TEC-9: I have an idea...

PTRD: I think I understand what you're thinking...

2:00 am, at the main door of the HQ building.

Beep—

The indicator light turns green and the heavy door slowly opens.

Killer A: Ahaha, 4 high-end fire control cores, I haven't gotten such a big order for a while.

Killer B: You idiot! Don't celebrate too soon!

Killer B: Don't forget, we're dealing with Griffin's Tactical Dolls; they're not like normal civilian Dolls.

Killer A: Ahaha, how different can they be? They're all robots that can't hurt humans, right?

Killer B: You check the second floor; I'll check the first.

Killer A: Ahaha, alright!

...Meanwhile, inside a room on the second floor.

TEC-9: It's them! Those two killers are very dangerous!

TEC-9: One of them is mean and has a bad temper, and the other one seems like a moron that keeps going "ahaha", but he's actually hiding a vicious streak!

TEC-9: Be careful, NTW-20...

TEC-9: Don't worry, just stick with the plan.

Three minutes later, on the second floor.

Killer A: Ahaha, let's see what cuties are waiting for me on the second floor!

Despite Killer A's frivolous calls, every step he takes is steady and cautious.

Killer A: Ahaha, come on out, little kitties from Griffin! I promise it won't hurt—

A Doll corpse lying in the corner suddenly comes into view.

Killer A: Ahaha, did they start fighting among themselves...wait, isn't this TEC-9?

A look of surprise comes over Killer A's face. He approaches carefully...

TEC-9 twitches, and a sticky yellow substance starts oozing out of her mouth and eyes.

Killer A: Gross... Is this machine oil?

Killer A: And this is weird, wasn't TEC-9 sent off for dismantling long ago?

While Killer A's attention is focused on TEC-9, TAC-50 directs her drone Maple Moon to approach him quietly.

Then it lifts Killer A's ID card from his pocket and flies over to NTW-20.

Nobody notices the mocking smile on Killer A's face.

Well done, Maple Moon.

NTW-20 gets on her bike and rides to the main door at top speed. She opens the door with Killer A's ID.

But just as NTW-20 is about to draw the attention of the two killers with a shout as planned, she feels something cold pressing against the back of her skull.

Killer B: Didn't Griffin's tactical training teach you not to use encrypted comms in enemy territory?

Killer B: Heh, in the end you're just a bunch of scrap metal morons.

Killer B: What—?!

Blam—!

NTW-20 falls off her bike, lying motionless on the ground.

Killer B pulls out a device to check NTW-20's condition.

Killer B: Sometimes, I just have to thank Griffin for that base program that keeps you from hurting humans.

Killer B: Oh? You're still functional even in this state?

Killer B presses his gun right against NTW-20's neural cloud, but does not pull the trigger.

Killer B: Well, writing you off like this would be a waste. Let's try something different with you.

Killer B smiles savagely, then opens NTW-20's neural cloud access port and connects a storage device to her...

...Meanwhile.

What's wrong? I think I heard a gunshot.

PTRD: NTW-20, what happened?

There is no response.

PTRD: TAC-50, can you take a look with Maple Moon?

PTRD: Okay...

Someone suddenly kicks open the door to the room. Killer A stands in the doorway, holding a gun.

Killer A: Ahaha, I guess not.

PTRD: What?!

PTRD: TEC-9!

TEC-9: (Sobs) I'm sorry...it hurt too much when he beat me and I couldn't keep up the act...

Killer A tosses TEC-9 — who had been posing as a corpse — into the room.

Killer A: Ahaha, my fair ladies, please take each others' hands and form a circle.

Killer A: What's the meaning of this...

Killer A: I'm asking you to form a circle! Move it!

PTRD has no choice but to hold hands with everyone and make a circle.

Killer A: Ahaha, tonight might be the last time you feel the warmth of your friends.

PTRD: Where's NTW-20? What did you do to her—

Before PTRD can finish, Killer A presses a stun gun to her back.

Zzt—!

The world fades into darkness.

...Five minutes later.

Killer A: Ahaha, why did you come over empty-handed?

Killer B rubs his swollen forehead.

Killer B: Dammit, it got away.

Killer B: I was going to test a newly developed virus on it, but it sat up the moment I plugged it in and that tin can's head nearly KO-ed me!

Killer B: By the time I came to, it had already run off on its bike.

Killer A: Ahaha, that's fine. I heard that Griffin Dolls never abandon their friends.

Killer A: So I'm guessing it'll be back.

Killer B: Hmph, whatever.

Killer B: We'll start by doing what the boss wanted and send these three over intact. Once their neural clouds are reformatted, we'll have new killers...
Part 3

3

...In the forest near the HQ building.

A battered NTW-20 lies beside her bike.

There's...an email from the Commander?

Is that the only way of contacting us? Just as well; I can ask for backup...

But first, I need to verify my condition.

System: Commencing chassis diagnostics.

System: Left arm missing. Abdomen damaged in two places...

System: Energy depletion critical. Initiating power-conservation mode. The following functions will be temporarily disabled...

System: Looks like I've taken major damage. I don't know if I'll be able to hold out until backup comes.

System: But forget about me... I don't know if they can hang in there...

NTW-20's expression turns gloomy.

It would have been fine if they had just left me alone...

Why did they have to follow me...

NTW-20's hand makes contact with something sticky.

Ugh, what's this tacky stuff?

NTW-20 pulls out a squashed container of maple syrup salad from her now-sticky bag.

...

The four of us are like the ingredients of this maple syrup salad. We're all in this together.

When you try to leave the team by yourself, it's like the grapefruit in here trying to work its way free of the maple syrup.

You think you've gotten free of the shackles of the maple syrup, but in truth you've left a trail of it behind yourself...

NTW-20, do you know what maple syrup is?

So they followed the maple syrup, huh...

The bio-detector on NTW-20's waist suddenly starts vibrating, though only for a couple of seconds.

TEC-9...

Why are you so afraid of humans? Isn't the Commander human too?

TEC-9: Have you heard of the "uncanny valley" effect? What I have is a kind of "reverse uncanny valley" effect...

TEC-9: I find it really hard to overcome that fear...

TEC-9: What if you got help right away when you were feeling afraid?

TEC-9: I guess...it'd be better?

TEC-9: Alright then, put this on.

TEC-9: Press it when you're scared. I'll follow the signal and come and get you.

TEC-9: R-really?!

TEC-9: ...

NTW-20 reaches into a hidden pocket, takes out a piece of bread that TAC-50 hasn't touched yet, and eats it.

Bleh, this tastes gross...

Because maple syrup makes even the worst-tasting food edible!

NTW-20 puts down the bread with a conflicted expression on her face.

...5 minutes later, NTW-20 gets back on the bike after performing some simple repairs on herself.

I'm just saving three hostages. I can handle missions like that with one arm tied behind my back.

I've definitely done harder things than this single-handedly.

Well, maybe not literally, but this time, I'm not alone...

...In front of the HQ building.

After loading up their truck with cargo, the killers begin moving the Dolls.

Killer B: These tin cans look skinny and all, but they're freaking heavy!

Killer A: Ahaha, well, they are Griffin Dolls, they must be fitted with lots of combat-spec parts.

Killer B: Then you come help carry them!

Killer A: Shush, I'm waiting for it.

...In the forest near the HQ building.

NTW-20 quietly watches the killers load her friends onto the truck and pack them into transport capsules.

Transport capsules...that means the Dolls won't be damaged even if the truck flips...

The plan's workable.

NTW-20 grips her bio-detector tightly.

...Wait for me.

...The truck drives through the desert at night.

Killer B: Looks like the Doll that ran away isn't coming back. You lose.

Killer A: Ahaha, I don't feel like I've lost, though.

Killer B: Hmph, you and your big mouth—

Blam—

Their conversation is interrupted by a sudden gunshot.

Killer A: Ahaha, you see, it's come at last.

A skinny figure comes into view in the rear view mirror. It is perched precariously on top of a motorcycle.

Tsk, not having an arm makes everything harder. My accuracy drops like a rock and I can't even keep my balance.

I'll need to make sure I hit the tires with the next shot...

A window opens on the truck driving at high speed, and a hand holding a gun comes poking out.

Blam—

NTW-20 barely manages to swerve away from the shot, but the wound on her waist rips open a little more.

(Gasps) Better stay in his blind spot for now.

I need to find a position that'll let me take a successful shot...

NTW-20 moves behind the truck, keeping her distance but following it closely.

However, she doesn't expect the back of the truck to open up, revealing Killer B, who is wielding a gun in hand and laughing maniacally.

What?! Dammit...

Killer B: If you stop and surrender now, you can avoid ending up as a pile of scrap.

Killer B: Then again, you're pretty much scrap at this point, hahaha...

Killer B: So save me the trouble and die already!

Killer B: (Pants) I'll need to use the terrain to avoid getting hit...

Bang bang bang...

NTW-20 is forced to duck behind a sand dune to avoid a heavy barrage of fire.

Killer B: Are you blind? It went that way! Hurry and catch up with it!

Killer A: Ahaha, have you forgotten that our main objective is...

Killer B grabs the steering wheel in exasperation and yanks it to the side.

Killer A: Ahaha, looks like you're really seeing red.

The truck wheels around toward the sand dune where NTW-20 is hiding, exposing her to fire once more.

Bang bang bang...

Sand sprays up all around.

They're on me already...

If I take time to aim, I'll have a hard time avoiding bullets, and my body can't take any more hits...

All I can do is be patient and wait for a chance.

NTW-20 swerves in a serpentine course to avoid most of the bullets, but some still hit their target.

She catches her breath while the killer reloads.

However, the warning indicator flashing red reminds NTW-20 that she doesn't have much time left.

...Is this where I meet my end?

Just as NTW-20's vision starts to blur, the Dolls inside the transport capsules begin to wake up.

They struggle to rise, and see the heavily-damaged NTW-20 through the truck windows.

PTRD: NTW!

TAC-50: You can do it, NTW!

TEC-9: (Weeps) NTW!

NTW-20's increasingly bleary eyes sharpen once more.

I'm fine, you guys lie down for a bit.

Soon...I'll put an end to all of this...

NTW-20 puts on a burst of speed, as though she's suddenly thought of something, and overtakes the truck.

Killer B: Get it! Catch up to it and run that damn thing over!

Killer A: If we follow it, we'll stray from our course—

Killer B: Cut the crap—!

Killer B stamps down on Killer A's right foot and floors the gas pedal.

Bang bang bang—

This is the only way...I just need to hold on a bit longer...

Almost there...almost there...

NTW-20 evades the incoming fire by ducking behind boulders, but more and more bullet holes appear in her torso.

Whew— At last...

NTW-20 sees her long-awaited chance through the murkiness of the night, and she eagerly revs her engine in a forward dash—

Killer B: There's nowhere to run, trash! Just give up already!

Killer A: No wait, that's—

It is only then when the killers realize they are heading straight toward a cliff.

And ahead of them, the one-armed Doll throws away her last chance at braking and turns around, taking aim at the truck tires with a smile on her face—

Killer B: Hit the brakes—!

Killer A: I-it's too late—

Bang—

The truck flips, rolling several times before coming to a stop on the ground.

Meanwhile, NTW-20 sails into thin air on her bike—

What a shame that it's nighttime. You can hardly see anything even though the angle's so good.

The four of us are like the ingredients of this maple syrup salad. We're all in this together.

When you try to leave the team by yourself, it's like the grapefruit in here trying to work its way free of the maple syrup.

You think you've gotten free of the shackles of the maple syrup, but in truth you've left a trail of it behind yourself...

Will you be able to find me this time?

NTW's shattered body and bike plummet from the sky—

Boom—
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...In cyberspace.

NTW-20: ...

NTW-20: Since I woke up here, I'm guessing my body must be a lost cause.

NTW-20: Just as well, I can get a good rest now.

NTW-20 lies down, and the cyberspace transforms into the Namaqualand in August she remembers, with wild flowers springing up from under her feet all the way to the horizon...

NTW-20: I wonder how they are now? They should be fine in their transport capsules.

NTW-20: I doubt those two killers will be able to do much after a crash like that...

NTW-20: Huh?

NTW-20's mind is suddenly sucked out of cyberspace, as though someone had turned on a powerful vacuum cleaner.

NTW-20: Huh? Commander?

Commander: How does your new body feel, NTW-20?

NTW-20: It feels more agile than before, and I think my sense of balance has improved...

NTW-20: Right, Commander, what happened to PTRD and the others?

The Commander sighs, and remains silent for a while.

NTW-20: ...

NTW-20: Commander, why don't you say something?

Commander: After you fell off the cliff, those two killers escaped and took the others...

Commander: They continued on to their pickup point after that, then we lost track of them.

NTW-20: It can't be! I planned everything out...

The Commander places a hand lightly on NTW-20's trembling shoulder.

Commander: Pull yourself together, NTW-20.

Commander: I'm sure they wouldn't have wanted to see you like this...

NTW-20: ...What about their neural clouds?

Commander: ...

NTW-20: This can't be happening...

Commander: I'm sorry, NTW-20.

Commander: Everything I told you...

Commander: ...was a lie.

NTW-20: ...

NTW-20: Ehhhhh?!

Three Dolls rush in from outside the door, full of life and energy.

PTRD: The look on your face was more interesting than I expected.

TAC-50: I didn't know you're as expressionless as ever when when you're sad.

TEC-9: (Wails) I'm so glad to see you again, NTW-20!

NTW-20 looks conflicted as she's smothered by hugs.

NTW-20: So the mission was a success in the end?

PTRD: Yes. After the truck crashed, the steering conked out, and we managed to find the parts on the truck.

PTRD: But by the time we found you, you were smashed beyond repair...

PTRD: Good thing your neural cloud was largely okay...

TAC-50: You were soooo cool during the car chase!

TAC-50: And the way you rode into the air!

TAC-50: Oh yes, I made some maple syrup sandwiches and maple syrup marshmallows for you...

Commander: Ahem, sorry to interrupt.

Commander: Come take a look at your new body, NTW-20.

NTW-20: Mm, thanks, Commander

Commander: We also upgraded your vehicle-riding modules. Now you should be able to ride a bike easily even with just one hand.

Commander: Oh, and one more thing...

NTW-20 suddenly notices the three girls winking at her suggestively.

Commander: You should have noticed, right? Your equipment is well suited for jungle warfare.

Commander: Your next mission will be in the jungle, and there ought to be many opportunities for you to ride a bike.

Commander: I'll give you the details once you've fully recovered.

Commander: Now you can think about your teammates...

NTW-20: ...Wait, teammates? And I'll be riding a bike again?

NTW-20's query is drowned out by the joyous cheers of the other girls.

PTRD: Looking forward to working with you again, NTW-20. ♪

TAC-50: I've always wanted to go to the jungle!

TEC-9: Y-you said you'd come save me if I pressed this...So I'm coming with you!

Already dreading her next operation, all NTW-20 can do is close her eyes as the others pull her back and forth.