...

The area near PP-19's dorm is quiet. No, it's not so much quiet as subdued.

The clamor of the Dolls seems to be avoiding this area, and the closer one gets to her doorstep, the further away the joyful chatters seem to be.

However, this oddity does not seem to bother the visitor who has just arrived.

Knock, knock. She knocks on PP-19's door.

PP-19: I told you NO! I'm not going!

PP-19: I'm not going no matter who's asking!

AK-Alfa: This is AK-Alfa. I know you're very angry now, but neural upgrades are very important.

AK-Alfa: Let me in, please. Arguments should not be had in the doorway.

...

The sound of conversation from the nearby Dolls dies down, and all eyes are focused on AK-Alfa.

Someone even brings up Miss Kalina's number on speed-dial, ready to put the call through if things turn bad.

However, the Dolls' fears do not come to pass.

PP-19 opens the door, grabs AK-Alfa by the arm, and yanks her inside.

The invisible pressure in the air fades away, and the Dolls resume their cheerful bustle.

Inside the dorm room.

PP-19: And why would Your Ladyship deign to lower yourself to visit me?

PP-19: I thought you're dissatisfied with the sanitary condition of this place and the fact that you couldn't see the stars from here. You even specially requested a room on a higher floor.

AK-Alfa: I came because this is important. Kalina is hoping that you will accept it...

PP-19: Shaddup! I said no, didn't I?!

AK-Alfa: ...But why? This is a rare opportunity.

AK-Alfa: A Doll's service life is typically around 20 years. If you accept the neural upgrade, you will be completely revamped and will be able to stay in service longer.

PP-19: I know that, I'm not stupid.

PP-19: (Sighs) Why do I have to explain it to you...? You're such a stick in the mud I'm wondering if your rating is the real deal.

AK-Alfa: My rating is decided by the breadth and depth of my neural cloud. If you accept the neural upgrade, your rating can be raised to my level.

PP-19: But it's no use to me at all! I'm stronger than you and I can do more things than you.

PP-19: Also, there are many more people out there who need an upgrade, compared to me. Many, MANY, more. I'm fine as I am, so why should I compete with others for a slot?

AK-Alfa: Shall I recite the report from the meeting?

AK-Alfa: "During the hostage rescue operation codenamed "Night Rain", PP-19 caused many hostage injuries. The cause was determined to be inflexible logic links and excessive self-defensive action. A motion recommending neural upgrade was filed to prevent similar incidents from occurring again. 28 in favor, 2 opposed."

PP-19: It was just a small problem, at the very most I can just not take part in rescue missions like this until it's my turn for a neural upgrade.

PP-19: Still, who voted against it apart from me?

AK-Alfa: It was an anonymous vote. Why are you asking me?

PP-19: Oh yeah. In any case, I don't mind letting someone else have this chance.

PP-19: Makarov, Tokarev and PPK all deserve it.

AK-Alfa: And then?

PP-19: And then what? What do you mean, "and then"? I'll just do what I can do!

AK-Alfa: So you'll do what you can do and let others clean up your messes?

PP-19: You—

AK-Alfa: Why are you so angry? Did I touch a nerve?

AK-Alfa: When Tokarev went on that mission with you last time, she was constantly apologizing for you and the Commander was berated by the hostages' families for ages. What about you? Do you think you can get away with everything with regret and resolve alone?

PP-19: ...But I'm not weak!

AK-Alfa: You're right, you're not weak. That's why everyone pushed you into this batch of neural upgrades. Can't you tell?

PP-19: I...

AK-Alfa: You've caused a lot of problems for everyone, and your abilities aren't enough to offset the problems you've caused.

AK-Alfa: I hope you will come to your senses soon.

PP-19: ...

PP-19 says no more. Her fists are clenched tight. Anger still lingers on her face, but her eyes are now clouded with uncertainty.

AK-Alfa does not say anything either. She merely casts her gaze to the empty window sill.

PP-19: ...Are neural upgrades really such marvelous things? Will everything be solved once you get one?

AK-Alfa: I haven't had one, but that's what Miss Kalina says.

AK-Alfa: There's one thing I know for sure. As long as you retain your current body and only upgrade your neural cloud, you can always revert all changes made and return to your previous version.

PP-19: So should I give it a try?

AK-Alfa: You should be asking yourself that.

...

Two days later, in the Griffin base, in front of the door to the Commander's office.

Kalina: Thank you for your hard work, Commander!

Kalina: The paperwork's all sorted, now all that's left is...

PP-19: Commander! Kalina! I'm back!

Kalina: ...All that's left is pick it all up and sort everything again.

PP-19: Oh, I'm sorry, let me help too. In any case, my neural upgrade is complete! I don't feel any different than before, but apparently I'm stronger now.

PP-19: Commander! Give me a new mission! I want to see how strong I am after my upgrade!

Kalina: This...

Kalina smiles awkwardly, then looks to the Commander with a pleading expression on her face.

Commander: Normally speaking, you ought to be handling more difficult tasks after your neural upgrade is complete. But your body hasn't been upgraded, so we can't really say the upgrade is complete.

PP-19: But my neural cloud's been upgraded! Surely something should have changed!

Commander: Good point. Now, for a mission that will let you feel the change in yourself... Let's go with...

Commander: A biological specimen escort.

PP-19: ...Huh?
Part 2

2

...

Kalina: Commander, is it really okay to let her go by herself?

Kalina: Bandit activity has been reported in the area.

Commander: It's only 100km to the next town, it'll be fine.

Commander: Besides, even if there are bandits, Bizon can easily bull her way through them.

Kalina: Sounds like you're tripping some sort of death flag.

Commander: If all this voodoo crap actually worked, then I ought to put K5 in charge of everything.

Kalina: This is no time for jokes!

Commander: Alright, relax. I've arranged for someone to follow her, it'll be fine.

...

A truck drives steadily over a lightly-contaminated patch of wasteland.

PP-19 is in the front seat. She has a little girl in her arms and is staring out the window, utterly bored.

Julian: You're pretty curious about the outdoors, aren't you?

PP-19: Yes, it's not often that I get to see stretches of wilderness without enemies, like this.

Julian: ...This is unusual. It's the first time I've seen an armed Doll like yourself who's able to hold a conversation like this.

Julian: And it looks like your interest in the outdoors isn't simply limited to watching the surroundings.

PP-19: Well, all my colleagues can converse like this, I don't consider it to be anything special.

PP-19: Is this your first time hiring a PMC?

Julian: Yup. I've made enough money over the past two years that I can afford it.

Julian: A few years before, when things were bad, I didn't even dare drive my truck for fear of being robbed by wasteland bandits.

PP-19: But why is that? Surely bandits can't beat a truck, no matter how strong they are.

Shelley: Yeah! Papa, why is that?

Julian: (Sighs) Why would these bandits attack head-on?

Julian: They're vicious and cunning. You can't compare them to the average thug.

PP-19: How so?

Julian: They lay traps on the road to burst your tires, then when you get out of the vehicle, they pop out of grass patches or some other place, grab you by the neck and loot your cargo...

Julian: Then there are the bandits who pretend to be explorers in trouble, but once they get on the vehicle, they stick you up. You just can't win with them.

Shelley: That sounds so scary! Have you ever met bandits like that before, Papa?

Julian: Haha... Papa is lucky. If I had met them, I wouldn't be able to bring Shelley home to Mama.

Shelley: Then you've got to be lucky every time, Papa!

Julian: Alright, Papa will do his best.

PP-19: Are you sure you haven't met them before? You sound like you've had first-hand experience with them.

Julian: I truly haven't. One of my colleagues did though, and the best thing that could be said about that was that he escaped with his life.

PP-19: Are biological samples really so valuable?

Julian: Why wouldn't they be? Nowadays, uninfected lifeforms sell for a lot, especially ones raised in the wild.

Julian: But they're very ill-tempered, and just transporting them is a challenge, let alone protecting and capturing them.

PP-19: I don't hear anything from the truck bed, though. Are they sedated?

Julian: As if we could keep them under for so long. That's the result of driving technique, separated cages and simulated environments.

Julian: Hope I don't come off like I'm tooting my own horn, but this truck alone probably costs close to three times what it cost to build you.

PP-19: But how... Do you have a whole other universe in the back?

Julian: Haha, it sure comes close! It took a lot of doing to make them think that they're still in their old environment during transit and to keep them calm despite the vibrations from driving.

Julian: My seniors brought me into the business several years ago. For the past three to four years, I've been learning from them and being a gopher. Heck, I copied them when making this vehicle too. It's really expensive.

PP-19: I don't quite understand. Wouldn't that make the truck more valuable than the creatures in the back?

Julian: Let me think. If I raised the animals myself and took all the profits, about five trips would pay for this truck.

PP-19: Those are some crazy profits!

Julian: I know, right? People like us are fattened lambs for those bandits.

Julian: They think that we're opportunistic profiteers, so they rob us if they can. And I've heard that a band of robbers have been roaming the region recently. To be frank, I wouldn't want to bring Shelley along for this if it wasn't for the fact that the new year was coming...

Shelley: That sounds scary...

PP-19: Don't worry, Shelley. I'll protect you.

Shelley: Are you strong, Big Sis?

PP-19: Hey, I may not look it, but I'm pretty strong, you know.

PP-19: Big Sis over here can take out ten of those gunslinger bandits by herself!

Shelley: Are all Big Sisters so strong?

PP-19: Big Sisters?

Shelley: All the Big Sisters in Griffin with you!

PP-19: Of course, they're all very strong.

Shelley: How strong are they? Are there any who are stronger than you?

PP-19: Certainly, but I'm plenty strong as it is. You'll be fine as long as I'm around.

PP-19: If any bandits are clueless enough to try and rob us, I'll snap their guns in half and hang them up on the trees.

Shelley: Okay!

An hour later, the truck parks in front of a rest stop.

Julian: Let's take a break here for a while.

Shelley: (Groans) I don't feel too good.

Julian: Are you carsick, Shelley? Just wait outside for a bit, then. Papa is going to the nearby shop to buy something. I'll be back right away.

PP-19: Let me go with you.

Julian: The shops here are safe. Please help me look after Shelley and the truck instead. The animal in the back of the truck's pretty fierce. Something's bound to happen if nobody keeps an eye on it.

PP-19: Alright.

Shelley: Then I'll wait for Papa!

Julian hugs his daughter, who gives him a loud peck on the cheek.

After this brief moment of tenderness, Julian leaves.

PP-19: Shelley, have you seen another big sis like me before?

Shelley: Sure did! I saw her before we set out.

PP-19: Before we set out? Could you tell me what that big sis looked like?

Shelley: Hmmm... She had very very light lilac-colored hair, black and white clothes, and a biiiig case on her back.

Shelley: She was slim and pretty, like a fairy...

PP-19: Wow, she does sound like a fairy. Where did you see her?

Shelley: She went behind the truck.

Shelley: I might just be seeing things, because she was gone in a flash.

PP-19: You might not be, Shelley. Let's go take a look, shall we?

Shelley: Sure!

The two of them jabber along as they leave the truck stop and return to the side of the truck.

There is no sound from the truck bed apart from the hum of the environmental control devices.

Shelley: It doesn't look like there's anyone here...

PP-19: Come, Shelley, I'm going to show you a magic trick.

Shelley: A magic trick?

PP-19: Yup. And the first thing about magic is that it turns what you believe in into reality—

PP-19: Get out here, AK-Alfa! I know you're in there!
Part 3

3

...

After a brief silence, the door to the truck bed opens.

AK-Alfa stands beside the door, looking down on PP-19 and Shelley.

Shelley: Ah! That's the pretty big sis!

PP-19: I can't believe you were spotted by a little girl. Your skills are overrated, AK-Alfa.

AK-Alfa: ...I admit it was an oversight on my part for letting my guard down against her.

PP-19: How much longer are you going to keep looking down your nose at us? Come down and talk.

AK-Alfa jumps down, landing in front of PP-19 and Shelley.

Shelley looks at her with curiosity and reaches a hand out to touch AK-Alfa's clothes, but the latter pulls back abruptly.

AK-Alfa: Don't get too close. I'm carrying a weapon. You might get hurt.

Shelley: But you're so pretty!

PP-19: ...There's no point praising her for that.

PP-19: So, why are you here? Did the Commander send you?

AK-Alfa: Yes, the Commander sent me as your backup, and also to evaluate the results of your neural upgrade.

PP-19: And what are the results?

AK-Alfa: Your conversation logic is smoother than before and your cognitive breadth has improved.

AK-Alfa: As for your combat performance, there is no data, so I cannot give an opinion.

PP-19: That was a pretty professional evaluation... Forget it, I'd feel dumb if I got mad because of that.

PP-19: Is the Commander still worried about me?

AK-Alfa: It's because of "Night Rain".

PP-19: ...

Shelley: Big Sis?

PP-19: It's nothing. Shelley, why don't you go back to the shop and wait for your dad?

Shelley: No...I'm scared...

Shelley: I've seen this before... You two are just like Mama and Papa when they're about to have a fight...

AK-Alfa: It won't come to that. We just need to talk about some things in private.

Shelley: For real?

PP-19: For real, I promise. I'll come back for you right away.

Shelley hesitates for a bit before she leaves.

PP-19 stares at AK-Alfa, a crestfallen look on her face.

AK-Alfa: She's a lot like that girl from the report, the one who got hurt.

PP-19: She's not like her at all. Shelley is active, curious about everything and very observant...

PP-19: But...but then again, I did not get to know the other girl.

AK-Alfa: I didn't take part in that operation. I only know what happened in the end.

PP-19: You're curious about it? Huh, well, no need to answer. It's not like there's anything to hide.

PP-19: That was...

PP-19: A really, really bad...terrorist attack.

AK-Alfa: "Night Rain". It was a vicious terrorist operation driven by vengeance. There were 1 death and 85 wounded.

AK-Alfa: That's all I know.

PP-19: Yeah. You were on another mission when Griffin took part in that op, right? In any case... I went on it.

PP-19: Looking back, I do feel I should have been more cautious - used more flashbangs or something.

AK-Alfa: But you threw a grenade into a location which contained hostages.

PP-19: Yes. The terrorists withdrew inside a supply station, then killed a person and heaved the corpse out a window to make a statement.

PP-19: Back then, I thought that if we didn't do anything, the others would surely be killed. I couldn't wait, so I blew up the wall...

PP-19: But I didn't expect my weapon to be so powerful. We managed to get everyone out, but... Fine, it makes sense that the Commander sent you.

AK-Alfa: You HAVE changed.

PP-19: What?

AK-Alfa: Before the upgrade, you would have gone, "I had no choice" or "It was no big deal."

PP-19: ...Alright, but I don't feel anything. I guess that's a change brought about by the neural upgrade.

PP-19: From the moment I set eyes on Shelley at the start of this mission, I got the feeling that the Commander was doing this on purpose.

PP-19: After all, the Commander saw that girl back then.

AK-Alfa: The girl who got caught in the blast?

PP-19: Yeah. Bleeding human children aren't like us Dolls. The first time I saw her, the shock overloaded me and all I could do was stand there and watch her cry.

PP-19: Makarov was the one who scooped her up and delivered her to the first-aid medic at the site.

AK-Alfa: But you won't do that anymore.

PP-19: Wow, is Miss Detached From The Mortal Realm actually comforting someone?

AK-Alfa: What is that all about?

PP-19: I mean, you're the only elite Doll around here who looks at the sky all day long and doesn't talk to us.

AK-Alfa: That's because there's nothing worth saying.

PP-19: I think I like you better when you say nothing at all. It really gets on my nerves.

AK-Alfa: ...

AK-Alfa doesn't say anymore, and silence fills the space between them.

Just as PP-19 is about to go, Shelley runs up to the garage.

PP-19: Shelley? What's wrong?

Shelley: Big Sis! Please save Papa! The shopping district... They say that the place where Papa is came under attack!

PP-19: ...

AK-Alfa: I'll keep an eye on Shelley and the truck. Just go.

PP-19: ...I'm counting on you.

After entrusting Shelley to AK-Alfa, PP-19 sprints over to the shopping district with all her might.

Shouts, clamor, cursing... All these sounds grow louder the closer she gets, and PP-19 feels more and more uneasy.

She readies her gun, and when she sees a bandit, she immediately fires a warning shot into the air—

PP-19: Freeze! Don't make any sudden moves!

Bandit: Hah? Who the hell are you? You think we don't have guns of our own?

Bandit: Guns out, bros!

PP-19: I suggest you get a better understanding of the situation. Don't try to threaten me or take hostages!

PP-19: You over there, take one more step and I'll put a bullet through your ankle.

Bandit: A Doll?

Bandit: That's weird, why does this Doll look so smart...?

Bandit: Must be some rich guy's new toy. Eh, who cares. Since when are Dolls any match for a human? Get her, bros!

...

Five minutes later, PP-19 is helping Julian limp away from the scene.

Julian: Wow, armed Dolls nowadays are amazing.

Julian: Those guys were all armed - looks like my money was well spent.

PP-19: They had guns, but they had no training.

PP-19: This was much easier compared to...back then.

Julian: Back then?

PP-19: It's nothing, just something from the past.

PP-19: Wait a minute... Something's wrong at the truck stop!
Part 4

    4chevron_right

The truck stop is presently in chaos.

Everywhere from the garage to the rest area is a mess, as if a typhoon had swept through. The scene is filled with lamenting travelers and staff members trying to pick up the pieces.

PP-19: Shelley! AK-Alfa!

PP-19: Where are you? Answer me!

PP-19 shouts at the top of her voice, but everyone is busy cleaning up and nobody answers her.

Julian: Shelley...oh my Shelley...

Julian: No, noooo! How can I go home if anything happens to my daughter?! How can I bear to face my wife?!

PP-19: Calm down, Julian.

PP-19: There's no blood here, so I'm sure Shelley is fine. I'll find her.

PP-19: Keep calm, PP-19.

PP-19: AK-Alfa isn't exactly useless, and there were no gunshots coming from here, so she wasn't in combat.

PP-19: Maybe my auditory modules can give me a clue...

Distant Voice: Stop crying! You think crying's going to help? Your father's going to pay for this!

Shelley's Voice: (Sobs)

PP-19: Oh no, it's a kidnapping!

Julian: A kidnapping?

PP-19: I heard someone tell Shelley her father is going to pay.

Julian: I...I have money.

Julian: This is all the money I have, and this is my credit card. Tell Shelley "it's your Mama and Papa's anniversary", she'll know what the code is.

PP-19: I'll take care of the kidnapper, you don't need to give me this...

Julian: Miss, I know you're strong, but I'm worried the kidnapper is going to use Shelley as a human shield.

Julian: If you can't deal with him, then use this to get her back... I can't let anything happen to my daughter...

PP-19: ...Understood.

Masking her approach with the background clamor, PP-19 swiftly arrives at the source of the voice — the truck stop supervisor's office.

The sound of a girl's weeping grows louder and more distinct as she approaches.

Shelley: I'm sorry... I'm sorry...

Rough-Sounding Man: Stop crying! Wait here and don't go anywhere!

Rough-Sounding Man: Little brats like you are always up to no good! When your parents get here, I'm going to teach you all a lesson.

PP-19: Initiating infrared scan... There are only two people inside - confirmed.

PP-19: I need to be careful. I can't make the same mistake again.

PP-19 raises a hand and lightly knocks on the door.

Rough-Sounding Man: Who's that?!

PP-19: Hello. I'm here to deliver the payment for Miss Shelley.

Shelley: Oh, Big Sis...

Rough-Sounding Man: Oh! You seem pretty reasonable. Now hand the money over.

Rough-Sounding Man: Are you her parent?

PP-19: No, I'm her temporary guardian.

PP-19: I've brought enough money to pay for Miss Shelley. Please have a look.

Rough-Sounding Man: Pay for her? You think money is enough to pay for my losses?

Rough-Sounding Man: Your brat's been pretty damn wild, going on and on about how magic is turning what you believe into reality, how she believed the bison could save you... She's so young, yet she's spouting lies like that... (Sighs) In any case, just get in here!

As the voice approaches and the door handle turns, PP-19 rams the door open. The glass is shattered by the force of the impact and the fragments rain down on the ground.

Big Guy: Ow!

The man inside the room howls in pain, but he isn't sent flying like PP-19 expects. On the contrary, he uses his massive frame to keep the door from opening fully and reaches behind himself—

PP-19: Don't think you can get your gun!

In an instant, PP-19 slips into the room by virtue of her slender frame and executes a picture-perfect grab and pin before the man can touch his gun.

Before Shelley, her face still wet with tears, watches in a daze as a man who's several times her size is forced to the ground.

Big Guy: Let go of me!

Shelley: Big Sis...?

PP-19: Don't worry, Shelley! It's over! I won't let him hurt you!

Big Guy: I didn't do anything to the brat!

PP-19: Save it for the police!

PP-19: Mr. Julian, you can come in now!

Julian: Shelley! Are you alright? Papa's here, hurry and...

Julian: Huh? Mr. Supervisor?

PP-19: ...Supervisor?

AK-Alfa: Whew, rounding up all those bison was hard... Oh, you're back, Mr. Julian. Please take stock of your herd and see if any are unaccounted for.

AK-Alfa: ...Mr Julian? PP-19? What's going on?

PP-19: ...

...

Evening, in the Griffin base.

Kalina: So you're saying Shelley, the daughter of our client, released the bison at the truck stop in the hope that magic would make them save her dad?

PP-19: Yes.

Kalina: So the truck stop was wrecked, the supervisor detained Shelley, and when Julian came back, you mistook him for a kidnapper?

PP-19: Yes...

Kalina: You can't say nobody got hurt. The truck stop supervisor's arm was sprained and that's an injury, PP-19.

AK-Alfa: Mr. Julian paid for it. He said it wasn't entirely PP-19's fault.

Kalina: Still, the truck stop sent us a complaint letter. You were too rash, PP-19.

PP-19: I know, it was my fault for jumping to conclusions...

Kalina: ...Eh? Good lord, did you just admit you were wrong, PP-19?

PP-19: Huh?

AK-Alfa: Looks like her neural upgrade was very effective.

Kalina: It's like a dream-come-true! Neural upgrades are amazing! In any case, your rating for this mission is a B.

Kalina: Do your best, PP-19!

PP-19: I will. Can I change over to a new body now?

PP-19: I think the neural upgrade was better than I thought.

Kalina: Of course you can! Your new body is in your dorm.

PP-19 leaves. Kalina watches as she vanishes beyond the door, then turns to look at AK-Alfa.

Kalina: Come to think of it, you voted against it back then, so what changed your mind?

AK-Alfa: I just thought that...if a Doll doesn't want a neural upgrade, then we should leave her alone and let someone else have the opportunity.

AK-Alfa: In fact, I only accepted this mission so you and the Commander wouldn't be inconvenienced.

Kalina: Huh~ So that's why.

Kalina: So, you no longer believe that?

AK-Alfa: Yeah, you could say that. She does shine at times. Perhaps apart from humans, there are things beneath the starry sky that are worth observing...

AK-Alfa: Kalina, do you think she could be a...pen pal of mine?

Kalina looks at the complaint letter in her hand and laughs bitterly.

Kalina: Well, ah... I think that's a bit unlikely...

Kalina: No, there's always hope! However distant it might seem...

AK-Alfa: Yeah. Thought it might seem astronomically improbable, I will hold out for that hope nonetheless.

AK-Alfa: Let's take care of the documents now, in that case.

Just as AK-Alfa finishes speaking, the door flies open with a loud crash.

AK-Alfa: ...

PP-19: Oh yeah, I just remembered something!

Kalina: Wow, you changed fast.

Kalina: But the documents are all over the ground now.. I hope you can change that too.

PP-19: Sorry. But I have to ask, AK-Alfa! Were you the one who protected Shelley from the bison herd?

AK-Alfa: That was part of my job.

PP-19: Which is why I have to say, Shelley might have gotten hurt if it hadn't been for you.

PP-19: Thank you! You aren't so bad after all!

AK-Alfa: Just doing my duty.

PP-19: Aw, don't say that. I've got the same performance rating as you now, so let's go on a mission together next time!

PP-19: I'll show you how much better I've become. How about that?

AK-Alfa: ...More importantly, are you interested in beer?

PP-19: Beer?

AK-Alfa: It's either beer or sci-fi novels. People who don't share interests won't be able to coordinate in combat.

PP-19: Oh, you seem to be taking me lightly. It's just beer, right? I'll drink it! In fact, I'm up for a drink right now!

Kalina: Wait!

Kalina: At least tidy up the documents first—!