...Winter.

This war-ravaged border town is now a hell on earth.

Military automatons walk through the burning streets as they search for moving targets.

Only when they have all left does Papasha poke her head out from behind a pile of rubble.

PPSh-41: Whew...

PPSh-41: It should be just up ahead.

Papasha orients herself within the ruins.

Explosions occasionally erupt in the city, shaking the very earth.

Dust billows through the gaps between the smashed bricks as the chilly wind howls mournfully.

Papasha takes in this scene of desolation, and her thoughts return to two days ago.

In the Griffin Ops Room.

The mission request comes up in Papasha's field of vision.

PPSh-41: ...A rescue operation?

Commander: Pavlov is a military engineer whose services our client desperately requires. Much like the mission brief says, he is currently stuck in the belly of the beast.

Commander: After an armed rebellion broke out on the border, the rebel troops brought the fighting to the cities along the highway. Since the defense forces are busy organizing a counterattack, they gave the assignment to us.

PPSh-41: I see.

Commander: Pavlov is aware of this operation. In other words, all you need to do is meet him at the designated apartment building and then bring him safely back to the rear.

PPSh-41: Da... Erm.

PPSh-41: Commander, is that all?

Commander: That is all, but completing this mission will not be easy, Papasha.

Commander: The rebel forces are as strong as the regular army and they've instituted a strict lockdown in the area. If even a blade of grass moves in the wind, they'll know it.

PPSh-41: In that case...

Papasha's neural cloud kicks into high gear.

PPSh-41: It should be fine if I conceal my signal and operate under radio silence.

PPSh-41: I'll do my best to avoid the enemy's eyes and ears and refrain from direct confrontations with the enemy.

PPSh-41: If anything out of the ordinary happens, I'll improvise depending on the circumstances.

Commander: Excellent. Make sure to be careful.

PPSh-41: Roger!

Bangbangbang!

PPSh-41: ...!

After darting through piles of rubble, Papasha can see the outline of the apartment block in the distance.

But now, the sound of non-stop gunfire is coming from it.

PPSh-41: Looks like there's a firefight going on...

PPSh-41: I'm picking up two military automaton signals on one side and... humans on the other?

PPSh-41: There's over a dozen of them in total. Hm, I can't rule out the possibility that Mr. Pavlov is among them.

PPSh-41: I need to verify that ASAP.

Papasha picks up the pace at that thought.

The closer she gets to the apartment block, the more intense the sound of the gunfire becomes.

Papasha ducks into a stretch of ruins and through the gaps between the bricks, she pinpoints the source of the enemy signals.

PPSh-41: There are two military automatons.

PPSh-41: And they're fighting... human militiamen?

From where she's looking, the militia are launching a desperate counterattack from their fortified position.

However, the disparity in their battle strength is tremendous, and the military automatons' ferocious firepower has done a lot of damage to the militiamen.

PPSh-41: At this rate, the militiamen will be in danger...

PPSh-41: I ought to help, whether or not Pavlov is among them...!

Given the dire circumstances, the militiamen are forced to constantly pull their lines back, and the military automatons swiftly push forward.

PPSh-41: Now!

Papasha waits for the moment when the military automatons leave their cover, takes aim at their rear flanks, and then pulls the trigger.

Military Automaton: —!

Upon seeing its teammate taken down by an ambush from the rear, the other military automaton immediately turns to counterattack, but Papasha has already thrown a grenade that lands neatly at its feet...

Boom!

After the explosion, the military automatons that originally held the advantage have been reduced to piles of scrap.

She looks again at the militiamen. The fact that their enemies have been suddenly wiped out leaves them a little confused. As they raise their heads to look around, Papasha waves to them from a distance.

She spots a person among them who matches the photo supplied by her client.

PPSh-41: He's actually here...

PPSh-41: Mr. Pavlov.

...

PPSh-41: Hello, I'm Papasha, a Griffin Tactical Doll.

After meeting with the militiamen, Papasha extends a hand in friendship.

Militiaman: Many thanks! If not for your help, we'd probably all have met our maker here.

PPSh-41: No need to thank me, it was no trouble at all.

Militiaman: Let me guess, are you reinforcements from the defense forces?

PPSh-41: I'm sorry, but I'm not your reinforcements. I'm here to look for someone.

Militiaman: You're looking for someone?

Papasha points to Pavlov, who is bandaging the wounded.

Feeling her gaze on himself, Pavlov looks up in her direction.

He is armed, like the other militiamen.

What sets him apart is the two old medals pinned on his chest.

Militiaman: Mr. Pavlov, it appears that this Doll lady is here looking for you.

After bandaging the wounded, Pavlov walks up to Papasha.

PPSh-41: Hello, Mr. Pavlov.

PPSh-41: I am the Griffin Tactical Doll Papasha, and I've been assigned to collect you.

Pavlov: Thank you for your assistance, Papasha.

PPSh-41: No need to thank me... The battle just now proves how dangerous the situation is, but there's no need to worry.

PPSh-41: My client has requested that I take you away from the battlefield and bring you to safety, while the defense forces cover the rear.

Pavlov: ...

Unlike normal rescue operations, Pavlov doesn't seem too happy about it.

He glances at the militiamen around him, then turns back to Papasha.

Pavlov: I'm very sorry... but I don't want to leave right now.

PPSh-41: ...

PPSh-41: Huhhhhh?!
Part 2

2

After helping the militiamen quarter the personnel who were injured in the recent battle, Papasha follows Pavlov to the manager's office of the apartment block.

Militiaman: Mr. Pavlov, you're back!

Pavlov: Yes, thanks for holding the fort. Some people have been hurt, so please go take care of them.

Militiaman: Alright.

The militiaman nods and closes the door behind him as he leaves.

PPSh-41: ...

PPSh-41: Are all these people your friends?

Pavlov: They were housed in this apartment block while being transferred.

Pavlov: Their team leader died while covering their retreat, and since I had some military experience, they handed command over to me.

Pavlov takes a seat and looks down at his two medals as he answers Papasha.

Seeing that they've been smudged, he immediately removes them and starts carefully polishing them.

PPSh-41: ...

PPSh-41: Are these...?

Pavlov: Oh, sorry, I've always had a habit of doing this...

After cleaning off the medals, Pavlov holds them up in his hand.

Pavlov: My ancestors passed them down to me. They once defeated invaders, but in the end only these two medals made it home.

Pavlov: And now, the rebels are attacking again, so I've decided to wear them in the hope that they could give me some courage.

PPSh-41: I see...

Having learned the origins of the medals, Papasha is filled with respect.

PPSh-41: Oh yes, Mr. Pavlov.

PPSh-41: The client said that you ought to have known about this rescue operation.

Pavlov: Sorry, but the enemy has been constantly jamming our communications with the outside world, so I couldn't contact them...

Pavlov: Please go back and tell your client that I need to stay as the safety of many here depends on me, so they should call off the op.

PPSh-41: But—

Perimeter Militiaman: Mr. Pavlov, this is the perimeter defensive position.

Perimeter Militiaman: The enemy is attacking again and we're trying to stop them. Please send backup if you can.

PPSh-41: ...

Pavlov: Understood. I'll be right there.

Pavlov: This is Pavlov. Notify our reserves, we'll be heading out to reinforce the perimeter.

Militiaman: Yes, Mr. Pavlov!

As she watches Pavlov rise after hanging up, Papasha reaches out to stop him.

PPSh-41: Mr. Pavlov, are you heading out onto the frontline again?

Pavlov: The enemy attacks and we counterattack. So it goes.

PPSh-41: But I should point out that military automatons are extremely dangerous to human beings. After the previous engagement, the enemy will surely send more forces to attack this place.

PPSh-41: Under the circumstances, leaving the apartment block to halt the enemy advance will be very dangerous.

Pavlov: Thank you for the reminder, but we are low on manpower, so I must do this.

PPSh-41: Mr. Pavlov, you're a military engineer and my client is very concerned about your personal safety. If possible, could you please refrain from taking such risks...

Pavlov: I told you, the rescue is off. You don't need to keep insisting on it!

PPSh-41: I'm very sorry... But I have to carry out this order. Please cooperate with me, Mr. Pavlov.

Pavlov: You...!

Crash—!

The window suddenly shatters, interrupting their conversation.

PPSh-41: ...Wait a minute...

PPSh-41: It's the enemy!

Bangbangbang—!

Papasha and Pavlov both dive for cover in unison, chased by a roar of gunfire.

Several bullets break the glass and smash up the various items and fixtures in the room.

Amidst the confusion, Papasha quickly scans the enemy.

PPSh-41: Military automatons, about 5 of them!

Pavlov: Dammit, they actually snuck up here.

Just then, a military automaton smashes a window open and jumps into the manager's office.

Before her opponent can raise its gun, Papasha has already pulled her trigger.

Vicious tongues of flame tear through the military automaton's control systems and it collapses heavily to the ground.

PPSh-41: Please come with me!

Papasha seizes this opportunity to drag Pavlov out of the manager's office.

The militiamen on guard duty are trying to fend off the military automatons in the lobby, but there is little effective cover inside an apartment building and people keep going down, while the military automatons easily close the distance.

Pavlov: Oh no, everyone's in danger!

PPSh-41: Mr. Pavlov, please don't be rash!

Pavlov: The enemy is already inside! Do you expect me to hide?!

PPSh-41: I need to ensure your safety!

PPSh-41: Um... Let me handle this place.

After settling Pavlov, Papasha takes advantage of a lull in the enemy attack and darts to a good flanking position in the lobby.

Bangbangbang—

A military automaton goes down after a burst of gunfire.

PPSh-41: Alright, one down, next...

Bangbangbang—!

After spotting Papasha, the military automatons begin their counterattack. However, Papasha takes them down quickly enough, and the first is joined by a second, then a third...

PPSh-41: ...!

Until there is only one military automaton left inside the lobby... and Papasha's drum magazine suddenly goes clack-clack as it runs out of rounds.

PPSh-41: Why now, of all times...!

Before the military automaton can strike a killing blow, Papasha pulls out a handgun.

Since she is not Imprinted to it, all she can do is charge forward and close the distance.

Bangbangbang—

After a series of gunshots...

The last automaton finally goes down too.

PPSh-41: Whew...

PPSh-41: That should be the last one... No!

Papasha looks up as she detects a large thermal source coming from the basement.

Pavlov: Wait, that's—!

Wham!

Papasha raises her gun and rams open the door leading to the basement, but what she sees are not military automatons—

Girl: Babushka, don't be rash, the enemies outside are very dangerous!

Babushka: Dangerous? Are you telling me not to fight back when the enemy is at our doorstep?!

The white-haired granny ignores the girl's exhortations and raises her cane, looking like she wants to have it out with the military automatons from before.

PPSh-41: ...

PPSh-41: Old folks... and children?

Babushka: Hm?

The two stop arguing at the sight of Papasha and Pavlov.

Behind them, Papasha sees that the basement is full of children, the infirm, and the elderly.
Part 3

3

Night falls...

Intercepting Militiaman: The enemy... They're far more numerous than we expected... And they've got... They've got a heavy weapons platform!

...

Intercepting Militiaman: ...Two more people went down, and we can't break out...!

...

Intercepting Militiaman: We... we'll try to delay them. Until then... please be prepared to fight...

Intercepting Militiaman: ...

Intercepting Militiaman: Good luck.

The transmission cuts off.

Pavlov: ...

Pavlov: Let's get ready.

Pavlov puts down the handset weakly and instructs the militia on what to do.

After that, he looks toward Papasha.

PPSh-41: Mind your feet, Babushka.

Babushka: Bless you, darling...

PPSh-41: It's nothing.

Papasha helps the old granny sit down. She notices the old lady's eyes are lingering on the weapon she's holding.

Babushka: The "Papasha"... Oh, how it takes me back!

Babushka: Ay! If only the Papasha that Dyedka left behind back then was still around, I'd gun down all those stinking machines outside! (Coughs heavily)

Babushka: But now all we can do is hide like before!

PPSh-41: ...

Pavlov: They're all city folk who had to flee here after the rebel troops attacked.

PPSh-41: Is there a way to evacuate them?

Pavlov: I tried once, but...

Pavlov clenches his teeth.

Pavlov: The enemy doesn't give a damn about innocent civilians. A lot of people were already...

PPSh-41: I see...

Fear, anger, unease, confusion... This basement is filled with negative emotions, making the air extremely heavy.

The occasional dull explosions come from outside. Although they are very far off, they still make the refugees flinch and huddle up over and over again, not daring to raise their heads.

PPSh-41: ...

PPSh-41: I understand why you chose to stay behind, Mr. Pavlov.

PPSh-41: However, given the current circumstances, you will be in grave danger if you remain here.

Pavlov: If it is dangerous, then so be it.

Pavlov: There is hope as long as we fight back.

Pavlov gently caresses the medals on his chest, then turns to leave the basement. Papasha hurries after him.

Seeing that the militiamen are setting up a defense around the apartment, Pavlov pitches in to help too.

PPSh-41: Mr. Pavlov, I'm low on ammunition and can't be of much help.

PPSh-41: There are casualties everywhere and at this rate...

Pavlov: What happens next hasn't been decided yet.

PPSh-41: ...

PPSh-41: But to me, it's not an unknown.

Pavlov: What?

Papasha picks up a piece of building material for their fortification and hands it to Pavlov, who's staring at her.

PPSh-41: As a Tactical Doll, I can analyze the advantages and disadvantages on the battlefield and select the best course of action in response to the combat situation.

PPSh-41: I can find the best time to attack and retreat in order to guarantee that the final outcome of the battle is to our advantage.

Pavlov: So? Do you intend to prove that we're going to lose with a professional analysis?

PPSh-41: We might lose this battle... but we might win it too.

PPSh-41: However... the price of victory might be very hard to accept.

Pavlov: What price could there be that's so hard to accept?

Pavlov: Will we have to die?

Pavlov: Given our remaining combat strength, it's true that we may have to lose a lot of people and even I may not be spared.

PPSh-41: ...

Pavlov: But Papasha...

Pavlov stops what he's doing and turns to look at Papasha.

Pavlov: I think such a price is worth it.

PPSh-41: Mr. Pavlov...?!

PPSh-41: Do you really care so little about your safety?

Papasha's question draws the attention of the other militiamen, but Pavlov simply smiles.

Pavlov: Perhaps your analysis is spot on, and I will die if I stay here...

Pavlov: But if my death is the price I have to pay in exchange for victory and the safety of these people, I am happy to pay it.

PPSh-41: But, the client...

Pavlov: The client wants me to leave safely so they can win the war.

Pavlov: But without the people, what's the point of defending this empty city even if we get rid of the rebels?

PPSh-41: ...

Pavlov: Back in the day, my ancestors faced a similar situation. These medals represent their choice.

Pavlov: And I will do as they did.

After building up the fortifications, Pavlov takes off his medals out of force of habit and calmly polishes them.

They came from a world war in the previous century, yet they still shine with a mix of red and gold radiance.

PPSh-41: Mr. Pavlov...

Pavlov: I know you are a Tactical Doll, and that we have our differences, but I hope you understand what I'm saying.

PPSh-41: ...Hm...

Papasha looks at the militiamen around her. Their eyes are all filled with determination, and as she thinks of the frightened people in the basement, her heart churns and stirs.

PPSh-41: Strange, all I need to do is complete the mission...

PPSh-41: But what is this indescribable longing?

PPSh-41: ...

PPSh-41: I...

Boom!!!

A sudden explosion destroys the lobby wall utterly, throwing up heavy clouds of dust.

Papasha barely manages to maintain her balance. Then, she sees a massive shape.

PPSh-41: ...

PPSh-41: Oh no...!

The enemy's heavy weapons platform has fought its way to them...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

A heavy weapons platform has barged into the apartment block, and all the militiamen who can still move immediately start attacking it.

However, this killing machine is far more lethal than the military automatons from before. Its powerful weapons scythe down everything like a starving beast, ruthlessly claiming the lives of the militiamen.

Pavlov follows behind Papasha as they swiftly dart behind their fortifications.

However, in the time it takes for them to move from one piece of cover to another, its inky-black gun barrels have already locked onto them.

PPSh-41: Look out!!!

Covered by the defending militiamen, Papasha shelters Pavlov from an explosion and they both quickly get behind cover.

Defending Militiaman: Mr. Pavlov, this damn thing has too much firepower! And its armor is very thick! Normal bullets can't get through it at all!

PPSh-41: Let me try!

PPSh-41: ...

Heavy Weapons Platform: —!

Defending Militiaman: Huh? Did its grenade launcher stop firing...?!

PPSh-41: I suppressed its heavy weapon control system, but... that's all I can do.

However, even though its grenade launcher has been hacked, this heavy weapons platform's automatic machine guns are still spewing tongues of deadly flame.

Pavlov: Those rebel scum, I can't believe they actually brought out a weapon like this...

Pavlov: What else do we have to use?

Defending Militiaman: W-we only have a few explosives left!

Pavlov: Explosives...

Pavlov: ...Papasha, you said we had a chance to win, right?

PPSh-41: Huh?

Pavlov: How can we do it?!

PPSh-41: We...

PPSh-41: We can use these explosives to blow up the weak point on this HWP's armor, but somebody's going to have to detonate the explosives...

Boom—!

The HWP rakes the fortifications with its guns and destroys them. The militia are forced to retreat, and within this short space of time many people fall again.

PPSh-41: (Groans) If we keep dragging our feet, it's only going to get more people killed for nothing...

PPSh-41: Is this the only way...?

PPSh-41: ...

PPSh-41: Mr. Pavlov, I scanned the HWP. Its central control hub is on the inside of its lower chassis. If we could destroy it...

Pavlov: The interior of the lower chassis, yeah?

Pavlov glances at the HWP during a lull in its attack.

Pavlov: Papasha, please continue suppressing its grenade launcher. Leave the rest to us.

PPSh-41: ...G-got it...!

Pavlov signals to a nearby militiaman, and after explaining the situation, one of them brings out an explosive charge that was prepared beforehand.

Everyone lays down cover fire, and using this opportunity, the militiaman carrying the charge rushes out of cover.

However, before the man can even get close to his target, the machine guns' tracers have already perforated his body. The man doesn't even have time to make a sound before he is face down in a puddle of blood.

Pavlov: W-what kind of monster is this?!

PPSh-41: It's just too strong. An enemy like this would need at least a three-man T-Doll squad to handle, but now...

After the man in front goes down, someone else tries rushing up, but the same thing happens to him.

Then a third... Then a fourth...

Pavlov: Dammit! Dammit!!!

After seeing his comrades fall one after the other, Pavlov can no longer hold back his anger and he, too, rushes out of cover, holding an explosive charge.

PPSh-41: What... Mr. Pavlov, come back here!

Papasha tries to move up to stop him, but the electronic suppression wears off.

Upon noticing Pavlov, the HWP immediately locks onto him and opens fire—

And at this moment, Papasha dashes up to tackle Pavlov to the ground.

Boom—!!!

After a mighty explosion, Papasha feels the world spinning round.

She is flung through the air by a massive shockwave before hitting the ground.

PPSh-41: (Groans heavily)

Her body is heavily damaged. She can even hear the electrical currents frizzling in her neural cloud.

Through the static and error messages in her vision, she sees that Pavlov's leg has been wounded by shrapnel and the HWP is heading toward the basement.

PPSh-41: No, you don't...!

Papasha tries to open fire to stop the HWP, but her empty magazine will not let her shoot.

PPSh-41: ...Is this... the end?

Pavlov's Voice: Don't think... you'll get away with this...!

PPSh-41: Mr. Pavlov?!

Papasha looks back and sees Pavlov is gritting his teeth against the pain as he crawls toward the HWP.

Behind him is a medal that has fallen from his chest.

PPSh-41: ...

On the brink of overload, Papasha's neural cloud kicks into gear once more.

However, she does not try to predict what consequences her actions will bring. Instead, she recalls the militiamen who died.

PPSh-41: Death...

PPSh-41: If I can protect those people... Then is the price of death worth paying?

Pavlov: I know you are a Tactical Doll, and that we have our differences, but I hope you understand what I'm saying.

PPSh-41: ...Yes, I do.

PPSh-41: As long as our homes are behind us, as well as the people... Then no matter how great our enemy, no matter how much we must sacrifice, we will rise up to fight them...

PPSh-41: But when it comes to the desire to protect the things that matter to us, whether you're a human or a Tactical Doll...

PPSh-41: We're all the same!

Papasha jerks up her head, then picks up an explosive charge that the militiamen didn't manage to detonate.

At this moment, her mind is clear of all doubt and hesitation. Through her blurred vision, she sees only one target—the weak spot on the bottom of the HWP's chassis.

PPSh-41: AAAARHHHHHHHHHH—!!!

As everyone watches, Papasha charges the enemy, holding an explosive charge.

BOOM—!!!

There is a mighty explosion, and her body is consumed by light.

...

...

...

Pavlov's Voice: ...Pa... sha...

Pavlov's Voice: Papasha...!

...

PPSh-41: (Coughs heavily)

PPSh-41: M-Mr... Pavlov?

PPSh-41: The enemy... Where's the enemy?

Pavlov's Voice: You took him out... The people are fine. We won!

PPSh-41: We did...? That's good then... (Coughs)

Pavlov's Voice: Papasha...!

Pavlov's Voice: Don't worry, I'll figure out how to fix you!

PPSh-41: This... This is enough... Mr. Pavlov...

PPSh-41: ...

Pavlov's Voice: Papasha...?

Pavlov's Voice: Papasha!!!

...

...

Two months later...

Spring is almost here. The rebel offensive is faltering, and uprisings are popping up throughout the various conquered regions.

Pavlov has returned to his home, and at the apartment building which is now in ruins, he lays down flowers as tribute to the fallen warriors.

Behind him are the people he saved back then, all lined up as they wait their turn to lay their flowers beside the already-collapsed apartment block.

Pavlov: ...

Pavlov: The hardest days have passed, and we will make the enemy pay for what they have done, so rest in peace.

Everyone stands still, observing a minute of silence for the deceased.

Pavlov: ...

After wiping the corner of his eyes, Pavlov takes off the two medals on his chest.

Pavlov: In this battle, you all traded your lives for victory, just like my ancestors did...

Pavlov: They too held back a mighty enemy with their blood and lives in this very city, and they protected their homes.

Pavlov: We may have to keep facing such difficulties in the future, but I believe that when the time comes, our people will rise up to fight the invading enemy.

Pavlov walks up to Papasha, who is standing off to the side, and attaches the medals to her cape.

Pavlov: Thank you for sacrificing yourself for all of us, Papasha.

Pavlov: Please wear these two medals and carry on the faith that they embody.

PPSh-41: ...Uh, is this really okay?

Pavlov: Without your help, we wouldn't be able to return to our homes like we did today.

Pavlov: I believe this is there is no better way for me to express my gratitude.

Papasha looks a little nervously at the Commander, who's come to attend the ceremony as well. The latter smiles and nods.

PPSh-41: ...I understand.

PPSh-41: Thank you, Mr. Pavlov. This is a true honor for me.

PPSh-41: From now on, I will keep doing my best so as not to disappoint everyone!

Papasha raises her right hand in salute as a round of applause fills the air.

The two medals on her cape sparkle in the sunlight that shines through the dark clouds.