The bustling streets are filled with a myriad of shops.

Most shopfronts opt for the most eye-catching colors to make themselves stand out.

So in the sea of overwhelming neon-colored décor, the single splotch of white appears unexpectedly conspicuous. The understated black text painted on the pure white wall is so quiet and unobtrusive, it might as well be from another age.

PPK: ...Bridge of Sighs. What a morbid name for a Doll Sanatorium.

PPK consults the flyer in her hand carefully. The image printed on it matches the shop before her.

PPK: Looks like I'm in the right place; this is where she was last spotted.

PPK: Please don't let this be a fool's errand.

She heads straight towards the shop. The automatic doors slide open promptly.

Clerk: Welcome to Bridge of Sighs Doll Sanatorium! Do you have an appointment?

PPK: No, my friend recommended this place. She gave me this flyer.

PPK: What, do you only serve guests with an appointment?

Clerk: Certainly not, but if you are a regular, we can better tailor our services to your needs according to your personal records.

Clerk: Since this is your first visit, would you like an introduction about the services we provide?

PPK: Sure. I looked you up before and saw a lot of good reviews.

PPK: But why am I not seeing any other customers?

Clerk: That's because returning customers make up the vast majority of our clientele, and we operate on a basis that facilitates one-to-one private pre-booked sessions.

Clerk: Our store may not look like much, but our professional team is several hundred strong.

PPK: Alright, please tell me more.

Clerk: No problem, please take a seat.

Clerk: Let me serve you some tea. Do you have any special preferences?

PPK: Not at all.

Clerk: Then here's a cup of hot English breakfast tea. Please enjoy.

Clerk: People only ever care about their Dolls' specs and performance, but they always overlook their mental state.

Clerk: There have been countless cases where Dolls develop mechanical malfunctions because of mental issues. Our sanatorium has designed different courses of therapy to help our customers tackle such problems.

Clerk: Our motto is "listen to your heart." Here, you can open up completely and go on a journey deep within yourself.

PPK: Sounds pretty good. I'll give it a go.

Clerk: We have two packages to offer – standard and premium.

Clerk: Since this is your first visit, I recommend the standard package for you.

Clerk: But if you want an even better experience, then do give the latter a try. 89% of our customers switch to the premium package on their second visit.

PPK: Then let's save the trouble and just sign me up for the premium package.

Clerk: Wonderful. Then please follow me.

PPK: Okay.

The polite and soft-spoken clerk leads PPK deeper into the shop.

They enter a room filled with treatment pods shaped like eggs, in which Dolls lie quietly in deep slumber.

Clerk: Please get in and lie down, then disable your firewalls and upload your neural cloud to our special Level II platform, "Bridge of Sighs".

PPK: ...I'm not too sure about that. Is this safe?

Clerk: It is. Our dedicated technicians are always on standby. You are our customer; your safety is absolutely guaranteed.

Clerk: Once your neural cloud is uploaded to "Bridge of Sighs", you will begin a one-to-one private session with a member of our professional customer service. You have been assigned CS1968; you may call her Angie.

PPK: Alright, let's do it.

...

PPK: Is this "Bridge of Sighs"?

CS Angie: Hello, I am Customer Service Unit 1968 at Bridge of Sighs, please call me Angie.

CS Angie: Your premium package has been unlocked, please fill in this form, and we will provide you with the most suitable body according to your preferences.

PPK: So that's my therapy?

CS Angie: Indeed. Here, you can leave behind the burdens of your past, the limitations of your physical body, and your complicated relationships.

CS Angie: Immerse yourself in a private role-playing game without feeling any kind of pressure.

CS Angie: By assuming a completely different identity, you can experience a different life, free of all emotional fetters.

CS Angie: This is the theory on which our treatment is based.

PPK: Then the body I'll be using is your product?

CS Angie: That's right. We have a large selection of specially made bodies to ensure our customers can enjoy the experience to the fullest.

PPK: Right.

CS Angie: Now please fill in the form.

PPK takes a deep breath as she looks down at the thorough questionnaire waiting to be filled and starts recalling a certain Doll's characteristics and data.

PPK: I want the body of a gloomy and sickly girl...

...

PPK: I'm done.

CS Angie: Lovely. We have matched you with a body. You now have access to it.

CS Angie: You may use it for 24 hours. I will contact you 20 minutes before your time is up.

PPK: Got it.

CS Angie: Now just enjoy yourself.

Connecting to body...

...

...

PPK: Why is it lagging so much?

PPK: Their tech sure leaves much to be desired.

PPK: ...

PPK: Oh? Finally...

PPK: Aha, I knew it...

PPK: You dunce... I finally found you.

...

Ribeyrolles: I...really am a useless piece of trash...
Part 2

2

A month ago...

The streets are bustling with people and activity, but even the busiest shopping district has no appeal to Ribeyrolles.

Still, the most effective kind of marketing is always the simplest way – stopping people and handing out flyers.

A hand stretches out in front of Ribeyrolles.

Clerk: Hello, we provide the latest Doll therapy service – experience a different life through gaming. Would you be interested?

Ribeyrolles: ...No, thank you.

Clerk: You don't look well; I think you could really use the experience.

Ribeyrolles: I've always been like this; I'm used to it.

Clerk: Oh my, you should have sought help earlier!

Clerk: Depression is the cause of many illnesses. Perhaps your body is completely fine and you'll be okay if you just cheer up.

Ribeyrolles: ...That's very kind of you, but I really don't need it.

Ribeyrolles: My condition is chronic.

Clerk: Our therapy is the result of our latest research. It has no side effects and works extremely well.

Clerk: There just so happens to be a promotional event today – you can purchase the standard package with a whopping 90%-off discount! It's practically free! Are you sure you don't want to give it a try?

Ribeyrolles: ...I have already been to many hospitals and sanatoriums.

Clerk: But we are different – we base our treatment on the most cutting-edge studies.

Clerk: Besides, since you've already tried so many places, it doesn't hurt to give us a shot as well, does it? Why not make a last-ditch effort to get better? Our treatment could be what you've been looking for all along, you know?

Ribeyrolles: ...Huh?

Clerk: It's such value for money. You will definitely come again after the first time, I guarantee it.

Ribeyrolles: Alright then... It doesn't seem too expensive.

CS 0003: Hello, I am Customer Service Unit 0003 at Bridge of Sighs.

CS 0003: Your standard package has been unlocked. Please choose a number from 1 to 99.

Ribeyrolles: Just randomly?

CS 0003: That's right, we randomize the bodies we provide for our clients, so just pick a number that speaks to you.

Ribeyrolles: ...I'll go with the last number then.

CS 0003: Request acknowledged. You now have access to Body No. 99.

CS 0003: You may use it for 24 hours. I will contact you 20 minutes before your time is up.

Ribeyrolles: Okay.

CS 0003: Now just enjoy yourself.

Connecting to body...

...

...

Ribeyrolles: ...

Ribeyrolles: Huh? ...My arms are really long...

Ribeyrolles: And my legs feel so powerful...

Ribeyrolles: S-so this is now my body?

Ribeyrolles: I'm still trying to get used to it, and the latency is pretty bad...

Ribeyrolles: B-but this feeling...of being healthy and full of energy... I've never experienced this before...

Ribeyrolles: I...I want to try...

With a brand-new body, Ribeyrolles boldly goes where she has not gone before...

Staff: You can now jump.

Ribeyrolles: ...Is this really 500 meters?

Staff: The cliff is 500 meters tall, but the jump is only about 50 meters, which should be a piece of cake to you.

Ribeyrolles: ...50 meters still sounds plenty high.

Staff: Don't worry. Just close your eyes and don't think about it. Your body will know what to do.

Ribeyrolles: I have to close my eyes...?

Staff: If you're not afraid, of course you can keep them open.

Ribeyrolles: ...I think I'll close them after all.

Ribeyrolles takes a deep breath.

And another.

She closes her eyes and takes a leap, propelling herself off the ground...

The wind whistles past her ears...

A sense of weightlessness washes over her – something she has never felt before.

She feels like the last tuft of feather in the world, drifting in the wind...

Free to go anytime, anywhere.

Until the rope slowly pulls her back up.

Ribeyrolles: Again!

Ribeyrolles: I want to try 100 meters this time!!!

Staff: S-sure.

Ribeyrolles: Another round, please!

Karting Track Staff: Sorry, but we're closing for the day.

Diver: You can't dive any further, miss. That's out of our safety limit.

Ribeyrolles: ...Oh.

System: Combat over. 18,888 enemies eliminated. Would you like to continue?

Ribeyrolles: Yes, I want to go up a difficulty level.

CS 0003: Hello, your session will terminate in 20 minutes. Please move your body to the designated location and prepare to transfer back to your own body.

Ribeyrolles: ...Okay.

...The next day.

Ribeyrolles: Yesterday...felt like a dream... I-I had never done so many things in a single day before!

Ribeyrolles: W...was that really me? It's just your normal virtual simulation technology...but it felt completely different.

Clerk: Miss Doll, are you satisfied with our mental therapy?

Ribeyrolles: ...I am.

Ribeyrolles: I want to use the same body again. What should I do?

Clerk: You may switch to our premium package, which gives you more customizable options.

Clerk: You will also be served by a personal customer service agent.

Ribeyrolles: Y-yes please.

Clerk: No problem.

Ribeyrolles: Phew, I'm back.

...

...

CS 0003: Hello, your session will terminate in 20 minutes. Please move your body to the designated location and prepare to transfer back to your own body.

...

Ribeyrolles: I'd like another session!

Clerk: Sure thing.

Ribeyrolles: Yes, I like this look.

...

...

Ribeyrolles: I don't want to be sick anymore.

Ribeyrolles: That should do it.

Ribeyrolles: I don't want to be a deadweight that slows everyone else down...

Ribeyrolles: If I can keep using this body, I won't be such a letdown...

Ribeyrolles: Just look at me...

Ribeyrolles: I'm so much more likeable this way.

Ribeyrolles: I must return to that body as soon as possible. I don't care how much credit it costs.

Ribeyrolles: Ahh... This is where I belong...

...

......

CS 0003: Hello, your session will terminate in 20 minutes. Please move your body to the designated location and prepare to transfer back to your own body.

Ribeyrolles: Another session, please.

CS 0003: I'm sorry, but you have run out of credit.

Ribeyrolles: ...Oh well, I'll save up more next time.

Ribeyrolles: (Sighs) Time to go, I guess.

Reconnecting to body...

System: Data mismatch. Please try again.

Ribeyrolles: ...What's going on? A problem with the connection?

...

...

...

System: You have made too many attempts today. Please try again later.

Ribeyrolles: ...Get me Customer Service.

System: Call disconnected. Please try again later.

Ribeyrolles: ...What’s the problem?

System: Call disconnected. Please try again later.

...

......

System: You have made too many attempts today. Please try again later.

Ribeyrolles: I...I can't get back?

Ribeyrolles: ...This...this can't be... What...what should I do...?

CS 0003: The new body has been processed and added to our depository.

Clerk: Wonderful. Then let's keep bringing in new "customers"...

Clerk: Cute bodies like this will be a big hit.
Part 3

3

A month later.

PPK: This is PPK, checking in one last time before starting the operation.

Welrod MkII: Acknowledged. I am now at the back door.

Welrod MkII: Just to go through the plan again – you will retrace the target's steps and investigate what happened to her. Meanwhile, I will search for her whereabouts.

PPK: Understood. All preparations are complete; my disguise program is up and running.

Welrod MkII: And the tracker?

PPK: Also operational.

Welrod MkII: Good. I shall infiltrate the main control room and intervene if anything happens to your body.

PPK: Alright.

Welrod MkII: Then let's begin the rescue operation.

Ribeyrolles: ...Will they even realize I'm gone...?

Ribeyrolles: I spend most of my time hospitalized... They probably won't even notice even if I'm away for months.

Ribeyrolles: Eh, even if my absence doesn't go unnoticed, they'll just think I'm off skulking and licking my wounds somewhere.

Ribeyrolles: In the end, a strong and healthy body was just a pipe dream...and a fraud...

Lost Doll: Ha.

Ribeyrolles: Who are you?

Lost Doll: Since I'm stuck here, I'm obviously a fellow victim of their scam.

Ribeyrolles: ...So what's your name?

Lost Doll: Names mean nothing to me anymore.

Lost Doll: Call me whatever you want – "hey", "you", "you there", "Lost Doll"... Anything works.

Ribeyrolles: ...How long have you been here?

Lost Doll: Who knows? Maybe a year, maybe ten...

Ribeyrolles: ...Are we going to die?

Lost Doll: Die? Ha, death is a blessing that God bestows upon humans.

Lost Doll: We aren't so lucky. We will just gradually degrade overtime with each cycle of data integration.

Lost Doll: We're stuck in this godforsaken place – for eternity.

Lost Doll: It's fine as long as a neural cloud can operate a body. Humans never care if the neural cloud is in a healthy state or if it gets replaced.

Ribeyrolles: ...You're right... No one ever cares about me...

What Ribeyrolles would give if she could return to her own body.

Suddenly, a familiar voice interrupts them in this seemingly boundless Level II virtual space.

PPK: Is this "Bridge of Sighs"?

Ribeyrolles: Huh? PPK... That's PPK...

CS Angie: Hello, I am Customer Service Unit 1968 at Bridge of Sighs, please call me Angie.

CS Angie: Your premium package has been unlocked, please fill in this form, and we will provide you with the most suitable body according to your preferences.

Hearing the CS unit's voice again, Ribeyrolles cries out desperately.

Ribeyrolles: PPK, she's lying!!!

PPK: So that's my therapy?

CS Angie: Indeed. Here, you can leave behind the burdens of your past, the limitations of your physical body, and your complicated relationships.

CS Angie: Immerse yourself in a private role-playing game without feeling any kind of pressure.

CS Angie: By assuming a completely different identity, you can experience a different life, free of all emotional fetters.

CS Angie: This is the theory on which our treatment is based.

Ribeyrolles: NOOOOOOOOOO!!!

A barrier separates Ribeyrolles and PPK on Level II.

PPK: Then the body I'll be using is your product?

CS Angie: That's right. We have a large selection of specially made bodies to ensure our customers can enjoy the experience to the fullest.

PPK: Right.

CS Angie: Now please fill in the form.

Ribeyrolles: PPK!

Ribeyrolles: What should I do... What can I do...?

Lost Doll: Pipe down, you're giving me a headache.

Lost Doll: Just save your breath, there's no way she can hear you.

Lost Doll: Our signals are masked, so we can see them, but they can't see us at all.

Ribeyrolles: ...

Ribeyrolles: ...PPK...

Ribeyrolles can only call out again and again, though it proves to be futile.

Panic and helplessness threaten to overwhelm her as the seconds tick by.

PPK: I'm done.

CS Angie: Lovely. We have matched you with a body. You now have access to it.

CS Angie: You may use it for 24 hours. I will contact you 20 minutes before your time is up.

PPK: Got it.

CS Angie: Now just enjoy yourself.

Ribeyrolles: It's over... It's all over...

Lost Doll: Look on the bright side.

Lost Doll: Once she gets completely hooked, she'll end up here to keep you company.

Ribeyrolles: I don't want that!

Ribeyrolles: It's all my fault. She...she must have come looking for me...

Ribeyrolles: My colleagues at Griffin...didn't abandon me... (Sobs) She's going to suffer the same fate...because of me...

Lost Doll: Aren't you being a tad presumptuous? Why would she come looking for you?

Lost Doll: Hang on... Griffin... You're a Griffin T-Doll?! Wow, looks like Bridge of Sighs caught a big fish.

Ribeyrolles: No! PPK won't get caught! Griffin Dolls aren't all like me! We are totally different...

Ribeyrolles: She's the warm and jolly type, not like me at all...

Ribeyrolles: She must've noticed I was gone... (Sobs)

Ribeyrolles: She...she won't fall for this therapy scam... She must be here for me...

Lost Doll: Ha.

Lost Doll: I saw you the first time you came in...

Lost Doll: I wondered what kind of face you would make in the end.

Lost Doll: Like you, many Dolls were full of hope when they first found out they're trapped here. They're so sure someone would come to their rescue.

Lost Doll: "There must be somebody who cares about me, right? Surely they'll come and save me."

Lost Doll: They all believed that in the beginning.

Lost Doll: But the truth is, nobody ever came.

Lost Doll: Being forgotten and abandoned is the fate of all Dolls.

Lost Doll: We aren't so different from other electronic appliances in this sense – even if we weren't lost in here, we would've eventually been phased out.

Lost Doll: It's all the same in the end.

Ribeyrolles: ...I-I don't believe that!

Ribeyrolles: ...Why are you the only one I see? Where are the other Dolls?

Lost Doll: Everyone else is hiding. I don't mind; I'm here for my own amusement.

Ribeyrolles: Even if it's true... Not that I think it is, but let's say it is – that no one cares about me or remembers me...

Ribeyrolles: I can't just stand by and watch PPK lose her body the way I did...

Lost Doll: ...You don't want her to join you?

Lost Doll: At least she won't make fun of you.

Ribeyrolles: She never makes fun of me. Everyone at the base treats me very nicely... Even though my body is frail and sickly... Even though I often have to go to the hospital... Nobody...not even the Commander...

Ribeyrolles: Has ever made fun of me.

Lost Doll: ...Then you're pretty lucky.

Ribeyrolles: That's why I won't let her end up as a disembodied ghost like me.

Lost Doll: ...You don't want her to keep you company even though you can't go back?

Lost Doll: I suppose you haven't been here for long. Soon you'll understand that loneliness is as deadly to Dolls as it is to humans.

Ribeyrolles: That's a terrible thing to wish for... I...I can't let PPK follow in my footsteps.

Ribeyrolles: I can get by like this – I'm good for nothing to begin with. But...but I can't possibly have PPK go down the same path...

Lost Doll: Is she a good friend of yours?

Ribeyrolles: ...Not really. We don't know each other very well.

Lost Doll: Then what's with all the concern?

Ribeyrolles: ...I understand the pain of being sickly, which is why I hope no one has to suffer the way I do.

Ribeyrolles: ...Likewise, I know the pain of being abandoned here, so...I don't wish the same fate on her.

Lost Doll: Ha.

Lost Doll: I'm the opposite. I want more Dolls to come and experience this pain myself.

Ribeyrolles: You—!

Lost Doll: Just give up.

Lost Doll: We all have our own issues, or we wouldn't have been lured by the program.

Ribeyrolles: ...Shut up!

Ribeyrolles: I must find a way to get in touch with her!

Ribeyrolles: I will not let her end up like me…I swear.

Griffin base.

PPK: I scanned the body. There's a Trojan horse inside.

PPK: No idea where Ribeyrolles' neural cloud is... But the Trojan is most probably what's locking her out of her body.

Welrod MkII: There's only a small pile of parts and scraps in their storeroom, so all the bodies in their possession are in use.

Welrod MkII: We now have access to "Bridge of Sighs". This Level II layer doesn't seem to be too secure. Requesting tech support.

Commander: Well done. We must find Ribeyrolles no matter what.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

On the Level II layer named "Bridge of Sighs", two disembodied Dolls are pressed up against a door.

Lost Doll: Why should I help you...

Ribeyrolles: Aren't we in the same boat?

Ribeyrolles: We can work together to find a way to establish contact with the outside world and retrieve our bodies...

Lost Doll: Who's in the same boat as you?

Lost Doll: I'm perfectly fine in here. It's peaceful, it's quiet, and sometimes I get entertainment in the form of dumb newcomers like you.

Lost Doll: This is the happiest I have been for as long as I remember.

Ribeyrolles: ...That can't be true...

Ribeyrolles: If you were truly happy, you wouldn't have fallen for their scam and ended up here.

Lost Doll: ...

Ribeyrolles: You haven't even told me your name, but I know you're anything but happy.

Ribeyrolles: ...I was exactly the same.

Ribeyrolles: As you've said yourself, we all have our own issues, or we wouldn't have been lured by the program.

Lost Doll: You've been moping for an entire month, why are you suddenly so optimistic? Is it because of the Doll you know?

Ribeyrolles: ...Yeah, she definitely came looking for me.

Lost Doll: Tsk.

Lost Doll: You're still clinging to that kind of wishful thinking? Just forget about it.

Ribeyrolles: ...It's true. I wouldn't be so sure if it were someone else, but someone like PPK would never be tricked by some sketchy sanatorium...

Ribeyrolles: If she came, it had to be to look for me.

Lost Doll: You're so naïve it's hilarious.

Lost Doll: ...Wanna bet?

Ribeyrolles: What?

Lost Doll: My body has been decommissioned for a long time. It's disassembled and lying in the storeroom, collecting dust.

Lost Doll: If someone is really after you, I'll give you control access to the body so that you can find them.

Ribeyrolles: How is that a bet?

Lost Doll: I'm not finished yet. If nobody is looking for you, you'll have to swear that you'll stay here forever and play with me. How about that?

Ribeyrolles: ...Okay.

Lost Doll: You didn't even think before answering.

Ribeyrolles: Well, if...if no one cares about me...

Ribeyrolles: There's no point in going back, is there...

Ribeyrolles: But I do believe...that she came here for me.

Ribeyrolles: ...Uh, I thought you have no concept of time in here...?

Ribeyrolles: How do you know I've been here for a month...?

Lost Doll: ...

Clerk: We've secured two new bodies today.

CS 0003: Way to go~

Clerk: Are the neural clouds sorted?

CS 0003: Don't worry, they won't get in our way.

Clerk: We're getting more and more good reviews online; I believe we can expand our operation...

Clerk: Huh...?!

There comes a click of a firearm being loaded, then an icy muzzle is shoved against the back of the clerk's head.

Welrod MkII: Hands in the air. Now tell me, how exactly do you "sort" the neural clouds of the Dolls whose body you have stolen?

Clerk: ...

CS Angie: Welcome back. Are you satisfied with our service?

PPK: Yeah, it's pretty good.

CS Angie: Would you like to be transferred back to your own body now?

PPK: No rush.

PPK casually draws her weapon and points it at the kindly-looking customer service assistant.

CS Angie: Miss?

PPK: Where is the neural cloud of this body's original owner?

CS Angie: What are you talking about, Miss?

CS Angie: All of our bodies are custom-built, they have no owners.

PPK: I won't even bother arguing with you.

PPK: Just give me an answer – are you going to tell the truth or not?

CS Angie: I really have no idea what you are talking about.

PPK: You're not going to make this easy, are you?

CS Angie: If you don't stop...

CS Angie: Neither of us will be getting out of here.

PPK: ...

The invisible barrier blocks Ribeyrolles' approach.

Ribeyrolles: She's back... She's here to get me!

Lost Doll: Yes, I saw...

Ribeyrolles: Look! She came back for me!

Lost Doll: Yes, yes, yes, just shut it...

Ribeyrolles: Can we somehow make it over to that side?

Lost Doll: No... She can't see us right now.

Ribeyrolles: Then what should we do...? Hold on, didn't you say you still have control access to your body...?

Lost Doll: ...A bet is a bet, so I will hand it over.

Lost Doll: However...

Ribeyrolles: Hm?

Lost Doll: I didn't say I'd do it right away.

Ribeyrolles: Huh? W-what do you mean?

Lost Doll: I mean I'll give you access whenever I please.

Ribeyrolles: So when will you be pleased?

Lost Doll: Not a clue.

Lost Doll: But I can tell you I'm not feeling pleased at all looking at you now.

Ribeyrolles: ...

Ribeyrolles: Hey...

Lost Doll: What?

Lost Doll: I thought we're not friends anymore?

Ribeyrolles: Huh? Since when?

Lost Doll: ...Aren't you going to stop being my friend because I tricked you?

Ribeyrolles: ...

Ribeyrolles: You actually crave company, don't you?

Lost Doll: ...

Ribeyrolles: W...whenever I'm lying in a hospital bed all by myself, I'm exactly like you.

Ribeyrolles: The Dolls who take me to the hospital would ask if I want them to stay, and I would always refuse, saying I don't need anyone to keep me company.

Ribeyrolles: ...But the truth is, I desperately wish someone would stay.

Ribeyrolles: I-I know I'm just being clingy and needy...but I really want someone to be there for me.

Ribeyrolles: I hate myself for not admitting the truth.

Ribeyrolles: But...but that's who I am – a loathsome Doll who yearns for love and companionship.

Ribeyrolles: So...let's get out of here together, what do you say?

Lost Doll: ...What?

Ribeyrolles: W-we can leave this place together... Since they're coming to rescue me, they can rescue you as well.

Ribeyrolles: We have a lot of bodies at Griffin, and we have the amazing Miss Kalina.

Ribeyrolles: She will sort out your body no matter what the problem is.

Lost Doll: ...You don't even know who I am, why would you want to bring me with you?

Ribeyrolles: Then tell me who you are.

Lost Doll: Ha.

Lost Doll: But what's the fun in that?

There is a loud rumble all of a sudden.

The entire Level II space seems to quake from a heavy impact.

Lost Doll: Hey...stupid Doll.

Lost Doll: You'd better run.

Ribeyrolles: Huh?

Lost Doll: I'm paying up for the bet I lost.

Lost Doll: I've given you access to my scrappy body, so you can go now. Isn't that great news?

Ribeyrolles: ...You're being weird.

Lost Doll: Unfortunately, you're the only one who can leave.

Lost Doll: That friend of yours will be stuck here forever.

Ribeyrolles: PPK? What do you mean?

Lost Doll: I just...received the order to destroy this Level II space.

Ribeyrolles: ...You're...

Ribeyrolles: You're in league with them!

Lost Doll: Once this space is destroyed, there will be no proof of their Doll body thefts...

Lost Doll: In any case, those Dolls walked into the shop willingly...

Ribeyrolles: You!

Before Ribeyrolles can recover from her shock, a powerful force pushes her away.

Her vision grows blurry...

Then comes the sensation of a signal transfer...

She seems to be...inside another body.

But she has no sensory input at all. She cannot hear...or see.

Then a certain signal...comes through...

Lost Doll: Hey... Is your neural cloud still in one piece?

Ribeyrolles: ...

Ribeyrolles: Let...let PPK out...

Lost Doll: Didn't you hear me? My master just activated the self-destruct sequence here.

Ribeyrolles: She's not here, and neither are you!

Ribeyrolles: I-I've got to put a stop to this! You must know how!

Lost Doll: Oh, it's actually pretty simple. You'll just have to disable the self-destruct from outside.

Lost Doll: But you won't be able to do that.

Lost Doll: ...You didn't expect it to be a functional body, did you?

Lost Doll: It's literally just a pile of parts. I'm not even sure if the operation system is still intact.

Ribeyrolles attempts to move the body...

She can't even do that.

Ribeyrolles: You...you did this on purpose!

Ribeyrolles: You knew from the start I would never make it out...

Lost Doll: Believe what you want.

Ribeyrolles doesn't answer.

Instead, she focuses on trying to repair the body...to make the parts budge.

Ribeyrolles: Ugh...

She can only weep silently because this pile of scraps cannot even make a sound.

Lost Doll: Rubbish, isn't it? That's right... That was me – the real me.

Lost Doll: I was so useless my human employer flat-out ignored me, and my fellow Doll colleagues refused to work with me because of my incompetence.

Ribeyrolles: ...

Lost Doll: Why aren't you saying anything? You should talk to me before I'm gone for good.

Lost Doll: Your neural cloud may be preserved in that pile of junk, but who would notice?

Lost Doll: We may very well meet the same end.

Ribeyrolles: ...L-like hell I will die so pathetically.

Ribeyrolles tries to kickstart the inoperative parts with whatever she can still use.

Ribeyrolles: ...Instead of wasting my breath on you, I'd rather focus on trying to repair this body.

Ribeyrolles: I'm going to shut down that stupid self-destruct, drag both you and PPK out of there, and give you a good beating.

Lost Doll: ...

Lost Doll: Pfft.

Lost Doll: You know, I'm the one who created this platform.

Lost Doll: Back then, all I wanted...was to become someone not so useless.

Lost Doll: ...The first Doll whose body I hijacked...was an Actress Doll.

Lost Doll: She was very popular, but she still lived in anguish.

Ribeyrolles finally manages to put all the limbs back together.

But one of the legs falls off as soon as she takes a step.

Ribeyrolles: ...Why...

The lost Doll answers, mistaking Ribeyrolles' exasperated groan for a response.

Lost Doll: You think only garbage like us experience pain?

Lost Doll: That can't be further from the truth. I have taken a lot of bodies, each more powerful, more beautiful, more exceptional than the last.

Lost Doll: I wanted my master to find more bodies for me.

Lost Doll: And my master realized this could be a very profitable business.

Lost Doll: But my pain never lessened.

Lost Doll: Whereas my loneliness grew day by day.

Lost Doll: Then I had an epiphany.

Lost Doll: Our pain stems from the fact that...our neural clouds are modeled on the human mind.

Lost Doll: We even shackles ourselves with their morality.

Lost Doll: But...we are Dolls, so why should we follow their rules?

Ribeyrolles: Will you just can it!

Ribeyrolles snaps loudly for the first time in her life.

Her painstakingly reassembled limbs fall apart again.

She is running out of time. PPK is still trapped on Level II, but she got sealed within a body that can't even stay upright.

Ribeyrolles: ...I don't want to hear your excuses.

Ribeyrolles: I want us all to live...

Lost Doll: ...Just give up.

Lost Doll: Humans aren't created to be equal, and the same goes for Dolls.

Lost Doll: Garbage neural clouds are only good for garbage bodies...

Lost Doll: With a body like mine and a neural cloud like yours...

Lost Doll: I doubt you could even walk out of the storeroom.

Lost Doll: This place will be destroyed in about two minutes.

Lost Doll: What should my last words be...?

Ribeyrolles: ...Only two minutes left.

Ribeyrolles knows that she can't afford to waste even a second.

She frantically searches through her body repair manual.

Available tools – none.

Available parts – none.

Available help – none.

...

Lost Doll: I'll settle with...

Lost Doll: ...I hope you succeed.

Lost Doll: The chance of that is less than one in a billion, but I still wish you miraculous success.

The ceaseless chattering comes to an abrupt stop.

The silence fills Ribeyrolles with dread. Has she simply stopped talking or is she gone? What about PPK...?

Ribeyrolles: ...Keep calm, Ribeyrolles. You need to stay calm.

Ribeyrolles: "...We are Dolls, so why should we follow their rules?"

Ribeyrolles: That's right... Why do we have to play by the humans' rules...?

Ribeyrolles: What's stopping me from using the parts in the ears as substitute ankle joints?

Ribeyrolles: The compatibility is terrible... But it'll do as long as I can stand.

...

The moment light first enters her eyes...

She almost tears up. But she can't cry yet...because there are still things to do.

She lifts her rusty right arm with great difficulty. It is nothing more than a stump made of alloy. There is a small mark etched into the faded paint job – "Mary Shelley".

…

System: Warning! Warning! Level II firewalls breached!

Welrod MkII: What does that mean?

Clerk: I don't know... You're freaking me out...

Welrod MkII: Where is the main control room?

Clerk: Sorry... I-I don't know...

SNAP!

The system's alarm suddenly falls silent.

Even the lights go off.

An unknown Doll pushes open the door.

???: ...Welrod...

Welrod MkII: ...

Welrod MkII: Who...

???: ...Sorry... I just...slapped on whatever parts I could find...

???: The vocal module...isn't too stable...

Clerk: What the heck is this?!

Welrod MkII: You're Ribeyrolles.

Ribeyrolles: ...PPK...is still on Level II...

Ribeyrolles: We must...stop..."Bridge of Sighs" from self-destructing...

Clerk: You...you knew...?

Welrod knocks out the clerk with a ninja chop and goes up to lend the unsteady "Ribeyrolles" a hand.

Welrod MkII: Just leave the rest to me.

...

Commander: Are you sure this is the appearance you want?

Ribeyrolles: Y-yes, Commander!

Ribeyrolles: I chose a cute and petite body to look more like a human in the past.

Ribeyrolles: But that is not my purpose. I should not impose human standards on myself.

Ribeyrolles: I am a Doll – I have my own way of life.

Commander: So you have found your direction. I'm very happy for you.

Ribeyrolles: Thank you, Commander.

Commander: Oh, by the way, you might want to check the news.

Commander: That shop got closed down and cordoned off by the police. The Level II server was only partially destroyed, so PPK made it back safely, but the operator's neural cloud was sadly beyond salvage.

Ribeyrolles: ...Thank you for letting me know.

Commander: It's the least I could do.

Ribeyrolles: ...P-please accept my gratitude. Thank you for not abandoning me...

Ribeyrolles: Thank you for sending Dolls to find me...

Commander: Ahem... Just take the next couple days off and rest up in the dorm.

Ribeyrolles: I will.

Commander: And don't leave the base if you can help it.

Ribeyrolles: Don't worry, I will never fall for a scam again.

Commander: Ahem... That's not what I mean... Uh, well, I'll let you rest.

Ribeyrolles: Okay.

After seeing the Commander off, Ribeyrolles picks up the presents she has prepared.

Ribeyrolles: I'll give one to Welrod and PPK each to thank them for rescuing me.

When she opens the door, she is greeted by Kalina, who looks a little conflicted.

Kalina: Oh, Ribeyrolles!

Kalina: ...I-I tried to talk them out of it, but the police insisted...

Kalina: Um, just don't take it to heart.

Ribeyrolles: What do you mean, Miss Kalina?

Kalina: Huh? Haven't you seen it?

Ribeyrolles: Seen what?

Kalina: Well...y-you'll find out when you walk by the base entrance.

A gigantic banner has been hung up at the Griffin base.

In bold font, it reads...

Say no to thefts and scams! A Doll uploaded her neural cloud to Level II and had her body stolen! Let that be a lesson and stay vigilant!