Hurried footsteps race through the gravel-strewn valley. Wisps of gunsmoke wind through the air like the coils of some undersea monster...

Men run silently through the mist and the radiation, all of them armed to the teeth, and then they come to a sudden halt in front of a mysterious caped figure.

Armed Men: Everything is ready.

Mysterious Transmission: At last...

Mysterious Transmission: The final restraint has ended.

Mysterious Transmission: Let us sound these wrathful death knells!

Mysterious Transmission: The two keys to the future shall shatter the chains and begin our sojourn into the Green Zone.

Mysterious Transmission: So long as one of them turns, victory will belong to the Knell!

Boom— Rumble—

In the Griffin Neural Cloud Repair Bay.

The system is activated, and logic modules begin their analysis in response to the situation.

Unfamiliar Voice: Please repeat your designation.

RMB-93: RMB-93...

Unfamiliar Voice: Repeat after me, "Morningstar".

RMB-93: Morningstar.

Unfamiliar Voice: Do you know why you're here?

RMB-93: I do...

Unfamiliar Voice: Pre-examination protocol complete.

Unfamiliar Voice: Unit with the designation RMB-93, you will now be subjected to a neural cloud examination for violating orders during an assignment to the Police Special Operations Department.

Unfamiliar Voice: If you understand, then we can begin.

RMB-93: ...Understood.

Unfamiliar Voice: Examination 1.

Unfamiliar Voice: Do your personal decisions take precedence over the decisions of the operational plan—

In the Griffin Data Room.

Griffin Weekly: The armed militia known as the "Knell" has made Sector C3 their base for a long time now, but recently they have been very active. The Green Zone police force's Special Operations Department has mounted many expeditions to pacify them, but many of those operations have ended in failure.

Griffin Weekly: We predict there will be intense resistance within this sector, so all field Commanders should take heed...

Kalina: The membership of this Knell militia that's sprung up lately includes a lot of refugees who were repeatedly denied permission to enter the Green Zone, and the Griffin Weekly report just now has already explained the situation regarding this organization.

Kalina: According to our sources, in three hours' time, "Knell" will blow up a purification facility within the Green Zone and use it as a breach to enter the Green Zone. Your mission is to stop them.

RMB-93: I'm sure these insurgents are resorting to such desperate measures because they know their pleas will not be met.

Kalina: Assuming nothing goes wrong, the Special Operations Department will try to open negotiations.

RMB-93: If nothing goes wrong? Then, if something goes wrong...

M1887: If something goes wrong, then we'll take care of it. 93, what's the current situation?

RMB-93: Heh, it's just like you to show up without warning.

RMB-93: If Makarov were here, I'm sure she'd give you an earful about it.

M1887: Well, kudos to your amazing reflexes for not shooting at me...

M1887: So, why do we have to be so thorough with these terrorists?

RMB-93: The target location is a certain purification facility in the Green Zone, but they're packing enough TNT to blow up ten city blocks.

M1887: Now this looks interesting.

RMB-93: Still, I have my doubts. If they really wanted to enter the Green Zone, why would they blow up the only purification facility over there? Do they plan to take everyone with them?

M1887: We can look into their reasons later. Right now, the most important thing is to stop this terror attack.

RMB-93: You have a point. Kalina, what does our countdown look like?

Kalina: You still have 2 hours, 49 minutes and 59 seconds.

RMB-93: Are you confident in pulling this off?

M1887: You ought to turn the timer back to 3 hours, and you wouldn't need to ask that question.

Kalina: Looks like everyone's pretty confident.

Kalina: I'll be staying here to keep you updated on the situation in real time. You should head out.

There is 1 hour and 47 minutes left until the explosion is due to happen.

RMB-93 and M1887 hurry over to the designated purification facility and begin an extensive thermal scan in the hopes of finding some trace of "Knell".

RMB-93: Scan complete. No life signs detected.

M1887: That's strange...

RMB-93: Are you serious? This place is about to explode, why would anyone be here?

M1887: ...Were they dispersed by the SOD beforehand?

Police Supervisor: Are you the Dolls from Griffin? This is the Special Operations Department, you...

M1887: We've arrived.

Police Supervisor: Got it. I won't waste time on explanations. In short, I am now in command. Go in, defuse the bomb, and leave.

M1887: Understood.

Inside the purification facility.

57 minutes until the bomb detonates...

After some searching, RMB-93 and M1887 find the planted bomb. RMB-93 checks it, and her face darkens.

M1887: What's the matter?

RMB-93: This is a "Cradle" type bomb...

M1887: What does that mean?

RMB-93: Simply put, if we disarm this bomb, all other bombs within range will detonate too.

RMB-93: Hm... I've disarmed bombs like this before in simulations, so I'm sure of it.

M1887: Now that's troublesome...

RMB-93: Does this mean overtime? Looks like this will be triple the standard rate.

M1887: Does she really have to be so calculative...

M1887: Uh, Mr. Supervisor, we have a bit of a situation here.

Police Supervisor: Don't tell me the place has been blasted into a parking lot already.

RMB-93: Ha-ha, very funny. Do you have so little faith in us? Don't underestimate us, eh?

Police Supervisor: Get on with it, I'm in a hurry to knock off.

RMB-93: Hm? You—

M1887: This bomb has a wireless "Cradle" detonator. If we're careless when disarming it...

Police Supervisor: In other words, if you disarm this one, it'll immediately set off another one?

M1887: That seems to be the case, and we have less than an hour left.

Police Supervisor: So where's the other bomb?

M1887: Given the transmission efficiency of this device, it's probably not too far away.

Police Supervisor: Immediately cease all attempts to disarm it and wait for further instructions. Ah, yes, since you're there, pull back three kilometers and establish a defensive perimeter.

M1887: A defensive perimeter? Against who?

RMB-93: Against the incoming refugees, of course... Eh, since we've been paid, we should prepare ourselves to get blown up.

M1887: So we're going to stop disarming the bomb and set up a perimeter? Surely they know that the Green Zone isn't going to exist without this purification facility, right?

RMB-93: Let's contact Kalina first.

Kalina: How are things on your end?

RMB-93: Looks like we'll be clocking overtime.

Kalina: I've received your intel. Hm... A "Cradle" mechanism... And the SOD has no idea where the other bomb is?

RMB-93: I think it should be close by.

Kalina: It looks like these terrorists really aren't planning on leaving themselves...a...

Kalina: Way out...

RMB-93: Hello? Hello? ...Dammit, did the signal cut out?

Distorted Voice: Oh my... It's really hard to get the hang of this frequency... Ahem...um... Dear guests from Griffin, I hope you are well.

Distorted Voice: I trust the dictators of the Green Zone are tearing their hair out over our outstanding work, hm?

RMB-93: !

RMB-93: This is a secure channel, who is this?

RMB-93: What do you want?

Distorted Voice: As I thought, a question that only a Doll could ask. Hahaha, machines only think of themselves after all.

RMB-93: You should cease this scheming if you want to enter the Green Zone.

Distorted Voice: Let me put it this way. It is the belief of all the residents in the Yellow Zone believe that "Knell" is their only hope.

Distorted Voice: Rather than be discarded like beggars and slowly wither away amidst the radiation, why not become a note in the tolling of every bell...

M1887: Pardon me, but what you're spouting is as nonsensical as we expected.

Distorted Voice: You're missing one thing, in that we still lack a star for tonight's main event...

Distorted Voice: Perhaps we ought to let everyone decide on their own seating, but I'm afraid we don't have enough time for that.

RMB-93: Listen up, the SOD won't be joining your little party.

Distorted Voice: Nonono, you see, I originally invited them, but you ended up taking their place instead. That makes this experiment more valuable.

RMB-93 glances over to M1887, but the latter shakes her head.

M1887: The signal trace failed. These guys are pretty tricky.

Distorted Voice: The "Cradle" bomb before you is simply an appetizer. The main course is in an SOD safe house due northeast from your current position.

Distorted Voice: But remember, this dish was originally served for them.

Kalina: Uh...

Kalina: What's going on?

M1887: This channel isn't secure. Switch to the backup line.

Kalina: They hijacked the mission channel? They actually managed to crack our signal encryption...

M1887: I'm sending you some audio data. Looks like we'll need to hurry over to the northeast safe house.

M1887: RMB-93, are you ready?

RMB-93: I am. Huh? I'll be going alone?

M1887: According to what that man said, the other "Cradle" bomb might be over there.

M1887: Between the two of us, you're better at defusing bombs.

M1887: I'll establish a perimeter here and help keep an eye on the surroundings for you.

RMB-93: I guess I can't argue with that...

M1887: Be careful. I have a feeling that this mission isn't going to be an ordinary one.

RMB-93: Relax, we aren't ordinary Dolls either.

Inside the SOD safe house.

28 minutes until the bomb goes off.

RMB-93 is standing in front of the safe house, trying to sense what's going on inside.

RMB-93: Hailing M1887, I'm at the safe house.

M1887: Roger. I've already retreated to a safe zone and the purification facility has been locked down, but there haven't been any movements from the SOD yet.

RMB-93: What a troublesome client... I'm going in.

M1887: Keep me posted on the situation.

RMB-93 carefully enters the safe house and surveys the interior.

RMB-93: Huh? What...

The room is empty, save for a little girl sitting on a wooden chair. Wires are tangled all over her.

Girl: (Whimpers)

RMB-93: Relax, dear, I'm here to save you.

Girl: (Cries)

RMB-93: Stay still and don't struggle, okay?

Girl: ...Huh?

RMB-93: Do you like this? Then here, you can have it.

RMB-93 takes off her necklace without any hesitation and gives it to the girl.

RMB-93: The girl's stable for now, but I'll have to be really careful with what comes next.

RMB-93: Pretty, isn't it?

Girl: Mm.

M1887: So this is the "main course"?

RMB-93: It's a "Cradle" setup, just like the other one...

M1887: What?!

RMB-93: No doubt about it.

M1887: I'll contact the SOD. Don't do anything rash, 93.

M1887: Hailing SOD, the Griffin squad has found the other bomb site, requesting further instructions.

Police Supervisor: Griffin...handle...matter...

M1887: What's going on? Is the transmission being jammed?

RMB-93: What happened to you? How many more minutes do we have?!

Police Supervisor: How many...you need...tell you...

The intermittent transmission finally cuts out altogether. RMB-93 hears M1887 trying to get through again and again.

RMB-93: M1887! We're out of time!

M1887: I can't contact that supervisor, Kalina, or the Commander!

M1887: Wait a minute... Is that... an SOD armored vehicle? They've sent someone over to defuse the bomb, we can...

RMB-93: I need to finish the mission, no matter what!

M1887: Listen to me, RMB-93! Our mission is to stop disarming the bomb and establish a defensive cordon!

M1887: Finding the other bomb and disarming it is the SOD's business!

RMB-93: I'm not leaving! I won't abandon this little girl!

M1887: The mission is over. All they wanted was for us to find where the other bomb was. The final decision is in their hands.

47 seconds to detonation.

M1887: Once they start disarming it, the bomb on your end will immediately explode.

Girl: Miss... These wires are hurting me...

RMB-93: Don't worry, I'll sort that out right away...

M1887: Get out of there, that's an order!

RMB-93: Only 30 seconds left, there's no time to move her out of range of the "Cradle". There's only one thing I can do...

M1887: RMB-93, what the hell are you doing?

Girl: Miss!

RMB-93: The SOD people haven't moved in yet, right?

M1887: You!

The beep of the timer reaching zero echoes through all the active frequencies. A single person grins.

Suddenly, everything comes to an abrupt halt...

Boom...

...

Distorted Transmission: So this is your choice?

Distorted Transmission: Machines are machines in the end. If their coding forbids them from harming human beings, their actions are bound to be short-sighted.

Distorted Transmission: Hahaha, what fascinating hypocrisy.
Part 2

2

RMB-93 wakes up, but when she opens her eyes, she sees nothing.

RMB-93: It feels so heavy. Something's hanging around my neck.

RMB-93: I can't see... Is there a problem with my visual system?

RMB-93: No, it's not a malfunction. My hearing is perfectly fine, but... Am I dreaming?

Ka—boom—

The massive explosion throws up dirt all around, and its shockwave can be felt all the way in the White Zone.

RMB-93: I guess the mission was a failure. But it wasn't exactly a failure either, was it?

A necklace with a red star pendant falls through the darkness...

Examination 2.

Are you willing to take personal responsibility for a choice which others do not endorse?

RMB-93: A choice that others don't endorse...

Inside the Griffin Data Room.

Griffin Weekly: This is the latest news on the "Knell" group - their activities in the Green Zone have led to the destruction of a Green Zone purification facility and radiation levels have drastically increased.

Griffin Weekly: The Green Zone faces a severe risk of regressing to a Yellow Zone. Meanwhile, a large number of refugees have joined the Knell group after being denied entry into regions with lower radiation readings.

Griffin Weekly: We will continue to monitor the events in this sector...

Kalina: So it was a complete failure?

M1887: 93 will come by to deliver her report in a while. I want to see how she evaluates her actions.

M1887: I hope her mind is still intact.

Kalina: The neural cloud exam is only a few minutes to us, but for her, it's...

M1887: Just as well. The depth of the examination will allow her to see where she went wrong.

M1887: Humph, disobeying an order is a sure sign that there's a problem with her neural cloud.

The electronic hatch opens and RMB-93 steps through it.

RMB-93: How long...was I out?

M1887: You're just in time.

RMB-93: How's everyone?

M1887: We're fine. We want to hear about what happened to you.

RMB-93: That girl, she...

M1887: We're talking about how you disobeyed an order and acted on your own initiative. Surely you must have heard the report this morning?

RMB-93: ...

M1887: Something's strange. Kalina, look at her. Something's different about her.

Kalina: Your...necklace...?

RMB-93: ...

M1887: Did you lose it? (Sighs)

RMB-93: I think... It's with that girl I saved. What happened to her? Is she alright?

M1887: ...Do you not know what happened after you disarmed that bomb?

RMB-93: I...I don't remember. I think someone attacked me...

M1887: You blew up the purification plant in Sector C3. We failed our mission because you rescued the girl.

RMB-93: And you begrudge me for that?

RMB-93: If I had just left her there and done nothing, it would be no different than killing her, no?

RMB-93: A Doll can't make that choice.

M1887: But that wasn't in the plan!

RMB-93: Then what would you have done in my place?

M1887: Kalina...

Kalina: Don't tell her... Her neural cloud is unstable enough as it is.

M1887: She'll find out sooner or later. Even if we don't tell her now, she'll learn about it eventually, and it'll be more painful.

RMB-93: Find out...about what?

M1887: The girl.

RMB-93: !

M1887: She was from Knell.

RMB-93: ...

M1887: After you carried out that ridiculous plan of yours, she hit you in your vitals.

RMB-93: ...But how...

RMB-93: How did things end up like this?

RMB-93: Should I not have done it?
Part 3

3

Two weeks later...

It is a hot day on the training ground. m45 and M1887 are quietly whispering to each other in a corner.

M1887: What did you say?

m45: I feel the same way too...

M1887: So you all think there's something wrong with 93 recently?

m45: It's just a simple breakout exercise, but she's been hiding in a corner all this while.

M1887: It looks like she's...stuck on something?

m45: Do you know why?

M1887: She's been like that ever since that last assignment went south.

m45: Huh? Is she ill?

M1887: I guess she just can't accept that failure.

m45: The poor thing... She must be really hung up on it.

m45: I think I should find some time to talk to her. Want to come too, Miss 87?

M1887: (Sighs) It would be nice if that would change something, but you shouldn't get your hopes up.

M1887: I won't be going. She's got to work out her issues by herself.

m45: But didn't the two of you go on that operation together...

M1887: Hm? Stop beating around the bush.

m45: I just think that...she might have her own reasons. I find it hard to believe that in such a situation, 93 would...

M1887: Hey!

M1887: Why don't you take a look at what's happening down at the border of the Green Zone? The contaminated region is spreading by the day.

M1887: This is a major incident and it is those refugees who are suffering the consequences.

M1887: How could we forgive someone for making such a serious blunder just because "she might have her own reasons"? That wouldn't do anyone any favor.

M1887: ...

M1887: Um, sorry. I got a little worked up.

m45: ...

m45: Um... I'm just saying that as a Doll, she shouldn't feel that it was her fault the bomb went off.

M1887: So you mean I'm being too harsh on her?

M1887: But I always consider the plan when I take action. Isn't that what a Doll ought to do?

m45: Surely anyone would choose to save a life under those circumstances.

M1887: You might have a point.

m45: Well, think about it and go a little easier on 93.

m45: What she needs right now is your support.

After the training session, m45 heads over to RMB-93's room, snacks in hand, and knocks on her door.

m45: Hi, 93! It's me, m45.

RMB-93: Hello.

m45: May I come in?

RMB-93: Please verify your identity.

m45: Huh? Don't you recognize my voice?

RMB-93: You are my colleague.

RMB-93: But I do not remember scheduling a meeting for tonight.

RMB-93: If you are simply an audio clip, then there is a possibility that the base has been taken over.

m45: Er... What an odd way of confirming my identity, I need to think of a solution...

m45: Right, our bonuses came in and you got a ton of overtime pay.

m45: Want to come out and check?

The door suddenly opens.

RMB-93: So soon? How much?

m45: I'll tell you once you let me in.

RMB-93 nods...

m45: Okay, I'm going to sit here. Don't be scared, I'm real.

RMB-93: ...

m45: Since you've accepted my presence here, I'll tell you what I think.

m45: It wasn't your fault.

RMB-93: My fault? What do you know?

m45: If I were in your place, I would have made the same choice.

RMB-93: ...

m45: Maybe you don't need to take all the responsibility on your own shoulders. You have us, after all.

RMB-93: Us? Do you mean...my colleagues?

m45: Colleagues? No, I mean your friends.

RMB-93: Well, if we're colleagues, all we need to do is stick to the plan and do our part.

RMB-93: We may work together, but that doesn't make us friends.

m45: Huh? Then what about me? I don't count as a friend?

RMB-93: Hm? I suppose you're a very special colleague. Thanks for coming to talk with me.

m45: Huh? So she treats everyone as simple colleagues? Surely she's not that dumb...

RMB-93: I think I need to find a way to accept myself before I can address my colleagues as equals.

m45: But you're no different than everyone else.

RMB-93: I can't afford to make any more mistakes.

m45: Then you should prove yourself during training.

RMB-93: I'll keep that in mind. However, there is one thing...

m45: Hm? Is there something you want to ask me?

RMB-93: Aren't you here to give me my bonus?

m45: Ah, well, er...

m45: I guess some things never change...

The next day, on the training ground.

This is a simulated hostage rescue scenario. M1887 has a hostage over her shoulder and is just about to jump out the window and escape when she sees RMB-93 slaughtering everyone in her path.

M1887 immediately terminates the simulation before grabbing RMB-93 by the collar and hauling her up into her face..

M1887: 93, look at me!

RMB-93: Huh? Let go of me...

RMB-93: This isn't part of the training plan!

M1887: The plan? This is just a hostage rescue scenario, all we need to do is save the hostage.

M1887: Why were you taking down all the enemies?

RMB-93: I'm sorry, I need to take all possibilities into consideration.

M1887: So you're going to treat me as an enemy, then? Good thing you missed. Honestly...

M1887: Ahhh, my old habits are kicking in again.

RMB-93: I simply don't want to make any mistakes again.

RMB-93: Never again.

M1887: What you need now is a break, 93.

RMB-93: ...

M1887: I'll let Kalina know what happened here. You're not the same 93 that you used to be.

RMB-93: ...

Examination 3.

By asking for help, are you acknowledging your own problems?
Part 4

    4chevron_right

The air is filled with the smell of dirt and the sound of heavy panting. Candle flames flicker in the dim cave and shadowy figures mill back and forth.

The Knell members excavate dirt in the depths of the cave and form a human chain to carry it out, slowly drawing closer to the tunnels below the White Zone—

Distorted Transmission: How goes it?

Armed Men: Very well. We're at the last step.

Distorted Transmission: Have those interfering lawmen made a move?

Armed Men: Hehe, those fools have no idea what's going on.

Distorted Transmission: Very good! Then let us turn the final key.

Distorted Transmission: New members, the sound of the sacred bell shall shatter your chains. I promise you, this is the first and last step Knell will take.

Refugees: Knell! Knell! Knell! Knell! ...

In the Griffin command room.

Kalina and M1887 are standing around the tactical monitor and running through the information on Knell.

Kalina: It's the same no matter how many times we analyze it. Their comms security is really simple...

M1887: What is their exact location?

Kalina: After performing audio frequency triangulation on their transmissions during the bombing, we've found that they all originate from the same position, an abandoned air raid shelter in the Green Zone.

Kalina: We still have no idea what their "final key" is, but I'm sure it's crucial to them.

M1887: Could it be a bomb?

Kalina: That's very likely. They need to blast through the final bedrock walls before they can enter the White Zone's underground tunnels.

M1887: So if we're sure that's their hideout, shall we head out immediately?

Kalina: No. Without permission from the SOD, all we can do is relay information to them.

M1887: But are they going to take actual action?

Kalina: (Sighs) My guess is that they'll just set up a quarantine zone and then arrest the refugees who've been tricked by Knell.

Kalina: Still, no matter what, this is a White Zone matter and we can't intervene of our own accord.

M1887: Griffin can do nothing against this group which has provoked us on many occasions in the past?

M1887: I won't take it lying down.

Kalina: Don't forget, M1887.

Kalina: The SOD doesn't trust us anymore after our previous blunder.

Kalina: All they've arranged for us is low-level information transmission work.

M1887: ...

Kalina: Still, nobody knows where Knell will strike next.

Kalina: So I suppose it isn't too far-fetched if you "run into" the enemy while out delivering information, you see what I mean?

M1887: I'm not afraid of doing this on my own, and humans can only do so much damage to me.

M1887 confidently hefts her gun.

Kalina: So have you really decided to go?

M1887: Yeah.

Kalina: Hey, M1887.

M1887: Hm?

Kalina: I knew it. You do care for RMB-93 despite all that pretense.

M1887: ...I just want to settle this grudge between Knell and ourselves... Anyway, let's take a look at our plan.

Kalina: YOUR plan.

M1887: We'll find their "key", then make a video of their boss going meekly into custody with RMB-93.

Kalina: Do your best to avoid combat. If the "key" they were talking about is something dangerous, notify me immediately.

Kalina: If you fail... I'll relay the information to the SOD immediately.

Kalina: You know what I mean, right, M1887?

M1887: Yes.

M1887: I won't be getting any support on this op, but I'll have to do it for RMB-93...

M1887: For all of Griffin.

RMB-93 is hiding outside, and having overheard the conversation, she sinks into deep thought.

She reflexively reaches for the pendant on her chest, but there is nothing there...

Outside the air raid shelter, M1887 parks her combat bike in a secluded corner near the entrance to the main entrance.

M1887: This should be the place. There are piles of dirt outside, so it seems they're doing some kind of digging in there.

M1887 is not skilled at infiltration and is spotted by the refugees, and the commotion draws the armed men...

Countless bullets rain down on M1887's shield. The sound of gunfire fills the main chamber of the air raid shelter.

M1887 carefully gets up from behind her cover and peers out beyond.

Kalina: How is it going? Don't force it if things are too dire. Break out as soon as you can.

M1887: My shield will hold for now, but...there are too many of them.

Kalina: Just hang in there, reinforcements are on the way!

The armed men point their pulse weaponry at M1887.

Distorted Voice: Griffin again? That bunch of robots don't know when to quit! Take her down.

M1887: Kalina, I think...

M1887: They won't make it in time...

The signal cuts off...

The refugees are curled up in the corner of the main chamber.

M1887 is locked up in a sturdy cage and the onlooking refugees seem to be nervously waiting for something.

M1887: ...

Distorted Transmission: Griffin robot, the fact that you'll be able to witness history means you won't be walking away empty-handed.

M1887: Haha...

Distorted Transmission: ?

M1887: If you had any sense, you'd know that my presence means that the SOD is waiting at the other end of your tunnel.

Nameless Refugee: Nonsense! It was you people in Griffin who made my family homeless! Don't believe this Doll's lies!

Nameless Refugee: Once Lord Knell plants the explosives, we'll be able to enter the White Zone and we won't have to die a slow death from radiation!

Distorted Voice: Do you think anyone will believe what you have to say, you faulty machine?

M1887: Please believe me!

Nameless Refugee: Humph, you must have come to arrest us too!

Nameless Refugee: You Griffins are the same as those fat cats in the White Zone.

Nameless Refugee: They keep refusing to let us refugees enter the White Zone and even call us terrorists, so I won't believe any of you!

Nameless Refugee: All we want is to live! Why does everyone reject us?!

Distorted Voice: Heard that? Nobody can defy the voice of the masses.

Distorted Voice: Hahaha, now behold a strength that you cannot control.

Boom!

A cloud of dust fills the shelter.

When it clears, RMB-93 is standing there.

RMB-93: Glad I made it in time.

M1887: RMB-93!

RMB-93: Hm?

Armed Men: Reinforcements! Hurry, on your guard!

RMB-93: Hm? There's so many of them? Looks like it's time for Plan B.

RMB-93 deploys her shields.

Armed Men: Is that all you have? Wait, why aren't I getting through? ...Ahhhh, I've been hit.

Armed Men: Why am I not dead... So sleepy...

RMB-93: Are you alright, colleague?

RMB-93: You should have brought sleeping gas rounds for this special operation.

M1887: I'm fine, I'm just-just-just...a little, how shall I put it...twitchy.

RMB-93: So your neural datalinks were disrupted by special electromagnetic pulses?

RMB-93: Your shields seem pretty badly damaged too... Wait here, we'll be knocking off soon.

M1887: What do you plan to do about these refugees?

RMB-93: I'll be following Kalina's plan and leading them away.

RMB-93: But before that, there's something I have to do.

M1887: You mean...

RMB-93: There ought to be a bomb here called the "Key". I'm going to defuse it.

RMB-93 marches straight through the crowd.

Unable to move, the refugees begin whispering to each other. Their anxious eyes seem wander as if in search for something...

M1887 watches as RMB-93 walks off but doesn't know what to say.

An old man suddenly steps in front of RMB-93...

RMB-93: What are you trying to do? Step back.

The old man takes out a necklace with a red star pendant.

Old Man: I believe this is yours.

RMB-93: Hm? Why do you have this?

RMB-93: Are you a member of Knell?

Old Man: I didn't join Knell. They're too extreme for my liking, but my best hope to fulfill my last wish is to follow them.

Old Man: ...I want to see my son in the White Zone one last time.

Old Man: My dear boy said he was going to work as an odd job laborer under a nobleman in the White Zone, but then he never contacted me again.

Old Man: It's been ten years since we last met, and this is my last chance to see him.

The old man pulls open his sleeve.

RMB-93: You don't have much time left, given the state of your radiation sickness.

Old Man: This age of war no longer cares about this withered old body of mine.

RMB-93: So what do you want to do?

Old Man: The great people at Knell know what I want. They gave me this.

RMB-93: ! Old man, what's that on your body?

Old Man: ...I want to see my son, no matter what it takes.

Old Man: If anyone tries to remove the bomb on me and stop us from blowing open that breach...

Old Man: I will release this button and put an end to myself.

RMB-93: Old-timer, have you really thought this through?

Old Man: This is my final option. Living in such tumultuous times, this is the only choice I get to make for myself.

Old Man: The refugees outside don't know about this, and they can't hear our conversation, so I will bear all the sins by myself.

RMB-93: But why are you leading these refugees to the grave with you?

Old Man: Like me, they have nowhere else to go.

Old Man: It's just that I have this bomb.

RMB-93: We'll think of something.

Old Man: Something?

Old Man: We've tried everything. And when you blew up that purification plant, our last measure of peace was taken from us too.

RMB-93: I'm sorry...

Old Man: Humph, that apology isn't convincing in the least.

Boom— Rumble—

RMB-93 recalls the scene of the explosion. The girl in the dust stands up and slowly walks toward her...

Girl: You...

Girl: Have changed nothing...

RMB-93: At the very least, I can change myself...

RMB-93: And I need to take this old man away.

M1887: Are you planning to take this bomb out of the signal range of the "Cradle"?

M1887: If you fail, Knell will lead these refugees into the White Zone, you know.

RMB-93: This is the best option.

M1887: Got it. Go along with him first and we'll think of something later.

RMB-93: We have 20 minutes to detonation. Can we find his son?

M1887: Kalina, are you listening?

Kalina: I'm here, I'll do my best to find him. You guys get him out first.

Kalina: Fall back to the location M1887 indicated! That's the only place where we can avoid the eyes of the White Zone.

RMB-93: Come with me, old-timer. I'll take you to find your son.

Old Man: Can you really do that? Don't be ridiculous. Those officials would never agree to a request from a commoner like me.

RMB-93: You WILL see your son. I guarantee it. He'll be waiting for you not far from here.

Old Man: If you let me see him... I'll...

RMB-93: Time is tight, but you still have time to choose.

Old Man: ...

Old Man: My son... He's waiting for me, right?

RMB-93: Yes.

Old Man: Alright, I'll go with you, but if you try anything funny, I'll set off the bomb on me.

RMB-93 approaches M1887.

RMB-93: Lend me your bike, colleague.

M1887: It costs a lot, so you'd better make sure you bring it back in one piece.

M1887 places the keys in RMB-93's hand with great solemnity.

The bike races across the sprawling wilderness as RMB-93 takes the old man to the area where Kalina indicated.

Old Man: I'll finally get to see him very soon, right? At long last...

RMB-93: You must be very close, given how far you would go for your son.

Old Man: A machine like you wouldn't understand.

RMB-93: Oh yes, it IS difficult to understand that emotion. But I actually envy it.

Old Man: Your kind experience envy?

Old Man: Still, you should keep it in check. It's of no use to you.

Old Man: Hm? Where are we going?

RMB-93: As you wanted, we're going to see your son.

Old Man: This road... We're heading toward an SOD outpost!

Old Man: No, they'll lock me up as a terrorist!

Old Man: I'm going to let go!

Kalina: Something's not right, 93. I checked the records for people matching the old man's description, but there's no match among the populace.

RMB-93: How could this be?

Old Man: You...You lied to me, I should have known! I'm taking you down with me!

RMB-93: The backup plan's gone off the rails. I need time...

Old Man: You have ten minutes. If you don't want to see those refugees get beaten to death as terrorists after entering the White Zone, you'd better find my son!

Old Man: Otherwise I won't move another step, and when I die, it'll be on you!

RMB-93: Wait a minute.

Old Man: ...

RMB-93: How did you know the disposition of the SOD's forces?

RMB-93: I didn't say a thing. How did you know they would be waiting for refugees on the other side?

Old Man: Are they...not?

Kalina: Look out, RMB-93! That old man isn't listed as a refugee either!

The old man takes a pulse projector out of his pocket...

RMB-93: Ah—

Old Man: Looks like you saw through me in the end.

Old Man: But I have to thank Griffin for getting me away.

RMB-93: You're...

The old man activates the voice-changer on his neck.

Distorted Voice: It is time to say goodbye to your teammate.

Distorted Voice: I hope your kind are spared the emotion of sorrow.

RMB-93: You...You don't care about the refugees under you in the least, do you?

Distorted Voice: Heh, we're nothing more than people who share the same aim of wanting to live in a White Zone.

Distorted Voice: Since you've already sniffed us out, then if I mess up, what good would they do, eh?

RMB-93: That isn't your choice... You can't make that decision for them!

Distorted Voice: But the decision has never been mine to make. It is yours, RMB-93, isn't it?

The old man takes off his bulletproof vest.

Distorted Voice: I'll let you enjoy the one I'm wearing.

RMB-93: You bastard!

Distorted Voice: This is my offering...

Distorted Voice: For the final knell.

Distorted Voice: I offer it to myself—

Distorted Voice: Goodbye, Griffin toy soldiers.

The old man releases the button he's holding...

RMB-93: Wait, over there, it's... 87—!

A massive explosion fills the air, startling countless birds into flight as the blast races over the horizon.

After a long time...

Distorted Transmission: This...This isn't right... That's the wrong direction! What's going on?!

Distorted Transmission: ...Did it not succeed?

Distorted Transmission: It can't be!

In the distance, an SOD vehicle drives up, its massive searchlights trained on the old man...

87...

This is the answer.

Nobody has to make all their choices by themselves—

M1887 paces back and forth in the corridor, waiting for RMB-93's upgrade to be finished.

Kalina emerges from the Factory.

M1887: How is she?

Kalina: Hm... Her neural cloud seems to have grown more resilient after her upgrade.

M1887: Her head's gotten harder, more like... She came out to help without getting permission. She's nothing but trouble.

Kalina: Well, both of you were pretty reckless, so it cancels out, I guess.

The electronic hatch opens again, and RMB-93 emerges, full of pep.

RMB-93: Hey! What are you guys doing?

M1887: How come you came out so soon? Doesn't it take you forever to power up?

RMB-93: Maybe I'm a little too excited?

M1887: Do you still remember who I am? Or do you still think of me as a colleague?

RMB-93: If you hadn't moved the bomb back then, I guess I'd still be the same and I wouldn't remember you, dear 87.

RMB-93 smiles sweetly.

M1887: Since when was she such a sweet talker?

M1887: Hm? Your necklace is back. It's quite...shiny.

RMB-93: I couldn't have gotten it back without you, 87. Here, you can touch it.

M1887: Get lost...

Kalina: So, how are you recovering, M1887?

M1887: I can't wait for the next training session. Oh yes, what happened to the refugees?

Kalina: Negotiations are still ongoing, but once the truth came out, nobody believed in Knell anymore. It's all thanks to you, M1887.

RMB-93: What about me? I caught their boss!

M1887: You? Hehe, you can talk about that once you can figure out the details on your own.

M1887: Kalina, was there something you wanted to tell us?

Kalina: You've got a new mission. I've sent you the plan I worked out with M1887, 93.

M1887: This is your first mission after your upgrade, so don't mess it up.

RMB-93: It'll be easy.

M1887: Don't speak too soon. What do you think of this plan?

RMB-93: That's not important~

M1887: Not important? I worked hard on this, how about taking a look?

RMB-93: I have you. That's all that matters.

M1887: You seem to have gotten even more annoying with the upgrade...

RMB-93: Only someone who believes that they won't ever miss a single shot would value a plan over their friends.

RMB-93: But people with that kind of self-confidence are amateurs with not much to learn, am I right, dear 87?