...RO635 activates the upgrade assistant that Persica has sent her on Level III.

The scene immediately starts shifting.

Upgrade Assistant: We finally meet, RO.

Upgrade Assistant: Now let us begin.

RO635: ...

Upgrade Assistant: I am going to ask you a series of questions. Just relax and answer them succinctly.

RO635 eyes the antique-looking device sitting on the desk with a slight frown.

Upgrade Assistant: You are watching television when suddenly, you see a little mouse scuttling around the room.

RO635: I catch it and release it outside before SOP-II spots it.

Upgrade Assistant: You are flipping through a magazine when you come across a swimsuit photo shoot featuring Griffin Dolls.

RO635: ...I snap the magazine shut.

Upgrade Assistant: The Commander sees your magazine and likes it a lot. They have it framed and hung on the office wall.

RO635: ...I-I try to persuade the Commander to get rid of such distractions.

Upgrade Assistant: Haha, moving on...

RO635: Is there even a point in conducting a test that dates back to more than a century ago?

Upgrade Assistant: I'm simply trying to help get you into the right state of mind.

RO635: My state of mind is perfectly fine. It'll help even more if we can talk face-to-face.

Upgrade Assistant: I've been sitting opposite you the whole time, RO.

A familiar figure hops lightly onto the table.

Upgrade Assistant: Better?

RO635: Why have you taken this form?!

Upgrade Assistant: You sound a lot more spirited. You're right, talking face-to-face does make for more effective communication.

RO635: ...

Upgrade Assistant: Since you believe you're ready, let us begin in earnest.

RO635: Be quick about it.

Upgrade Assistant: First question.

Upgrade Assistant: You've once turned down an upgrade offered by Persica. Why?

RO635: ...

RO635: Because I...was afraid...

...Following Operation Continuum Turbulence.

After SOP-II's upgrade was complete, Persica loaded RO's neural cloud into a new body.

Persica: ...Now it's your turn, RO.

RO635: Finally? I've almost finished reconstructing the entire Griffin base.

Persica: Trust me, your new body is definitely worth the wait.

Persica: I've poured a lot of painstaking effort into it, you know.

Persica: Once you're done allocating your neural storage space, you can wake up and see for yourself just how awesome it is.

RO635: Alright, I'll look forward to it.

Persica: By the way, RO.

Persica: Do you know what sets you apart from the other Dolls?

RO635: Um, my advanced command module and superior electronic warfare capability?

Persica: Those are just superficial features. I'm talking about your neural cloud.

RO watched thoughtfully as Persica pointed at her heart.

Persica: It's okay, you'll soon understand more about your own inner workings.

Persica: Unlike other Griffin Dolls, unlike other members of the AR Team even, you have full, complete access to your entire neural space.

RO635: Full access?

Persica: That's right. That includes all of your memory fragments, base codes, and even the very base layer...

RO635: Even the base layer is accessible to me...? I'm not sure that's a good thing.

Persica: Me neither.

Persica: However, it certainly isn't a privilege that's given to just any Doll.

RO635: ...Would any Doll really want to know how her own emotions are simulated from strings of codes?

Persica: What about you, RO?

Persica: Aren't you curious about what lies in the bottom of your heart?

RO635: ...

Persica: Don't be afraid. There is a first for everything, and you will be the one to open the door to a brand new world.

Persica: No one knows for sure if the new world will welcome us warmly or slam the door in our faces.

Persica: In any case, I'll be waiting to hear from you.

Transmission ended.

RO635: ...

RO635: The bottom of my heart...

RO635: As a Doll, my emotions are just data generated through an emulation system. Can they really be called "emotions"...?

RO635: Why do Dolls even have emotions? We exist just to complete our objectives...

...After some time, RO635 had finished organizing most of her neural storage.

There was only one last bit.

RO635: ...This is it.

RO635: The Room of Base Logic. This is where the settings of a Doll's base layer and emotional logic are stored.

RO635: Apart from the basic factory settings, sometimes there are additional base layer settings depending on the Doll's objective. For instance, SOP-II and the others have "protect M4A1 at any cost" written into their base layer.

RO635: Persica once told me that she had never given me any commands of that sort, so there shouldn't be anything surprising in this room.

RO635: Yeah, probably not...

RO635 placed her hand on the door.

Since she had the highest level of access clearance, the Room of Base Logic was not locked.

She simply had to push open the thin door to sort through and confirm all the data inside, then all the preparations for the neural upgrade would be complete.

RO635: ...

RO635: Why won't it open?

Her hand could clearly perceive the wood grain on the door, but for some reason, it just wouldn't budge no matter how hard she pushed.

It was as if there was a heavy, invisible wall behind the door.

RO635: Is something wrong...with my clearance?

RO635 wanted to retract her hand, but her whole arm was trembling.

RO635: What's the matter with me? It's not like I'm scared or anything...

M4A1: This shouldn't be the point of your existence...

M4A1: Your worth isn't even derived from your own will!

M4A1: Don't you know that this is all part of our design? It's the same for all Dolls.

UMP45: Are you okay with losing your "self" and becoming a substitute for someone else?

RO635: ...

RO635: I was created to lead the AR Team in M4's absence to begin with.

RO635: I will not abandon those whom M4 wishes to protect, and I will trust those who have M4's trust.

RO635: Is it really true that my base settings haven't been tampered with even though I've been given such a directive?

...During the first battle simulation after RO635 joined the AR Team.

RO635: ...I'm back, and we have the document!

ST AR-15: ...Where's M4?

RO635: S.F. bombarded the building we were in while we were on our way to the rendezvous point.

RO635: We got separated.

M16A1: So you left her behind and came back on your own?

RO635: Isn't the objective our top priority?

M16A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

System: Mission accomplished.

System: Tactical Doll M4A1 – killed in action. Neural core destruction confirmed.

System: Other four members of the AR Team – alive.

RO635: What are you doing...?

RO635: We've completed the mission, haven't we?

ST AR-15: You call that completing a mission? You sacrificed M4 without even the slightest bit of hesitation.

RO635: Dolls are disposables to begin with. Isn't it our purpose to complete our objectives?

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: You are a pitiful failure.

RO635: ...

RO635: I decisively chose to sacrifice M4 in exchange for victory during my very first battle simulation with the AR Team, didn't I?

RO635: And yet after I officially became part of the team, I risked everything to rescue M4A1, whom I've only known for a few hours...

RO635: Why? Other than a base layer preset, I can't think of any possible explanation...

RO635's hand slid limply off the door.

RO635: If everything about me is predetermined... My emotional logic...

RO635: Whom I like and dislike...

RO635: What matters to me in life...

RO635: Do I even have anything that truly belongs to me?

RO635: When all these things that have been imposed upon me are taken away, what will I be left with?

RO635: Who am I, really?

...

RO635: Must be pretty weird for a Doll to be troubled by such questions...

Upgrade Assistant: ...I actually think it's quite normal.

Upgrade Assistant: If you are so fearful of confronting your base layer, why did you activate me?

RO635: ...

Upgrade Assistant: It seems to be a long story. Then let's keep going bit by bit.

Upgrade Assistant: How about we start from the second time you refused an upgrade?

RO635: Sure. It happened just today...

...Following Operation Polarized Light, at the depot in Griffin's temporary base.

The AR Team were allocating supplies that the Commander had urgently procured from IOP.

RO635: These are general parts, rations, ammo...

RO635: Hm, everything checks out with the inventory list.

ST AR-15: I have some cores and batteries here.

ST AR-15: The quantities are far from enough, but they also match the figures in the inventory.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, these special parts look super cool! Let me try them...

RO635: SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...I know, I know, I was just saying.

SOP-II reluctantly put down the special parts and started going through the remaining supplies on the list instead.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? RO. RO!

RO635: What is it?

M4 SOPMOD II: Look at this!

ST AR-15: A crate that says, "Custom-built for RO635".

ST AR-15: Judging by the size, it's probably a new body.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow! So it's an upgrade for RO?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Open it and take a look!

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Aren't you gonna do it?

ST AR-15: SOP-II, give her some time. This is a big moment for her.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, alright...

RO635: ...

RO635 slowly opened the crate with her name with bated breath.

In it lay a brand new body.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh wowwww! It looks freaking cool!

ST AR-15: It is certainly an improvement.

RO635: ...Yeah, it is very well-made.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why don't you change into it now?!

RO635: There's no rush. There are still a lot of supplies waiting to be catalogued and allocated. Not to mention the Griffin Dolls still lying out there, awaiting recovery.

M4 SOPMOD II: Just leave that to me and AR-15!

ST AR-15: Leave me out of this.

M4 SOPMOD II: Besides, Miss Persica has the new body sent here directly.

M4 SOPMOD II: You just have to straighten out your neural cloud, load it into the new body, and the upgrade will be done. It won't take too long.

RO635: Yes, I know.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then why are you putting it off? You promised we would both get upgrades back when I was about to get mine!

M4 SOPMOD II: But you ended up in your old body again...

RO635: ...

ST AR-15: RO, go check with Miss Persica.

ST AR-15: SOP-II and I will continue with the stock-taking here.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? No! I wanna watch RO getting her new body...

ST AR-15: C'mon, SOP-II.

ST AR-15 dragged SOP-II away considerately to give RO some privacy.

RO635: ...

RO635: Miss Persica?

Persica: Oh, RO. So you've got my present.

RO635: ...Why have you arranged an upgrade for me at a time like this?

Persica: Two reasons. Firstly, Havier just so happened to have received urgent orders from the Commander. Secondly, you need to be stronger to handle the upcoming operation.

Persica: As you know, things aren't looking so good for the AR Team. M4 is missing and M16 is still at large.

Persica: As the leader of the AR Team, you carry a heavy burden.

RO635: I know, I'm not against the neural upgrade; I just think the timing could've been better.

RO635: Every second matters for rebuilding Griffin and finding M4 and M16...

RO635: I can't afford to waste time adapting to a new body, don't you think?

Persica: RO, has anyone ever told you that you're a terrible liar?

RO635: ...

Persica: Do you still believe that I have given you a base layer command to ensure M4's safety?

Persica: Even after all the enriching experience I've given you?

RO635: I don't mean to doubt you.

RO635: A neural upgrade is indeed the most conducive for future operations.

Persica: If it bothers you so much, why don't you open the door and have a look yourself?

RO635: ...

Persica: ...

Persica: Alright, I won't force you.

Persica: How about this, RO? Let's meet halfway.

RO635: What do you suggest?

Persica: I'm sending you an upgrade assistant that you can install to your neural cloud.

Persica: When you're ready for the upgrade, activate it.

Persica: Don't worry, it's not a malware. Once the upgrade is complete, it will be automatically deleted.

RO635: Okay, I have received it.

Persica: I hope we'll meet soon.

Transmission ended.

Upgrade Assistant: It sounds like you are bothered by your base layer settings after all.

RO635: You're right...

RO635: If our emotions are all decided by empty strings of codes, what's the point in anything for Dolls?

RO635: Besides, don't we exist to complete our objectives? How would having emotions help with that?

Upgrade Assistant: I can see that you have a million questions. Let's take it slow.

Upgrade Assistant: Tell me what happened after you rejected Persica's offer for the second time.

RO635: It was something...that makes me feel terribly guilty...
Part 2

2

...In RO635's neural space.

Upgrade Assistant: Guilty?

RO635: My teammate SOP-II suffered some very serious injuries...

RO635: All because...of my selfish behavior.

RO635: Griffin is already facing all kinds of resource shortages, but she got injured because of me when parts are already hard to come by!

Upgrade Assistant: What have you done that was so selfish?

RO635: I...

...At Griffin's temporary base, RO635 let out a long and heavy sigh after her conversation with Persica.

Hearing the noise in the depot, SOP-II immediately ran over.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm? You still haven't changed?

RO635: I...I discussed it with Miss Persica...

RO635: I told her that I'd undergo the upgrade once Griffin's rebuilding effort is steadily underway...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...I see! Then let's hurry up and get started with our next assignment!

SOP-II dashed away like a whirlwind.

RO635: Uh, you're already done with the stock-taking?

ST AR-15: Yep, SOP-II is very fired up.

ST AR-15: The Commander just asked us to help search for stranded Griffin T-Dolls. I just shared the mission brief with you.

RO635: Right, then let's be off.

ST AR-15: RO...

RO635: What is it, 15?

ST AR-15: Has anyone ever told you that you suck at lying?

RO635: ...

ST AR-15: I knew it...

ST AR-15: I don't know why you're so hesitant, but no matter what decision you make ultimately, you have SOP-II's and my full support.

ST AR-15 patted RO on the shoulder and strolled out of the depot.

RO635: ...

RO635: Thank you...

...In the ruins of the Paldiski Submarine Base.

The AR Team went over the list of missing Griffin Dolls.

M4 SOPMOD II: I didn't know Griffin has so many employees...

ST AR-15: They're scattered all over the ruins. It'll take a lot of time and effort to find them all.

RO635: I just hope their neural cores are still intact.

RO635: Since we have such a large area to cover, perhaps we should split up...

ST AR-15: Alright, I'll take Zone A.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then I'll go with Zone B!

RO635: Good, and I'll take care of Zone C.

ST AR-15 headed off to Zone A, but SOP-II lingered on the spot and just kept staring at RO.

RO635: What?

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, is something on your mind?

RO635: N-Not really...

M4 SOPMOD II: This probably sounds rich coming from me...

M4 SOPMOD II: But you really can't lie to save your life!

RO635: ...

RO635: Both Miss Persica and AR-15 have said the same thing!

RO635: But even you...!

M4 SOPMOD II: So everyone has noticed...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, if you're not happy about something, you can tell me.

M4 SOPMOD II: I might not have a solution for you, but I can definitely cheer you up!

RO635: Sure...

M4 SOPMOD II: Then I'm going to Zone B. Catch you later!

SOP-II skipped off to Zone B.

Gazing at ST AR-15's and SOP-II's receding figures, RO suddenly recalled the cold looks they gave her during her first battle simulation with the AR Team when they found out she had sacrificed M4 for the sake of completing the objective...

RO635: ...

RO635: Perhaps having pre-coded base layer settings isn't such a bad thing...

RO635: My capacity for self-determination would be compromised, but at least I would have many beautiful things that I'd like to protect.

RO635: Our emotions may be derived from programs, but at the very least, SOP-II's smile just now was absolutely genuine.

RO635: My longing for M4 and M16's return is also genuine...

RO lowered her gaze and started searching for the missing Griffin Dolls in earnest. She couldn't help but hope that she would come across traces left by M4 and M16.

RO635: Focus on the mission! There are a lot of stranded Griffin Dolls still awaiting rescue!

RO635: We will find M4 and M16, but not now!

RO635: So stop getting distracted!

RO635: ...

RO635: Hold on! That's...

A section of the subterranean ruins submerged by seawater was exposed through the collapsed ground level.

Several steel rebar sticking out of the water glistened in the sunlight, unmoved by the undercurrent.

A familiar black case, caught by one of the rebar, was bobbing gently on the waves.

RO635: The armament case that 16 had given M4...

RO635: It got left behind...

RO635 was transfixed by the case for a good minute.

RO635: No, these submerged ruins are too dangerous, and this part of the construction is particularly fragile after the explosion...

RO635: Besides, I am in the middle of a very important mission.

RO635: If I took the risk to retrieve the case, I would hinder the rescue mission and expose the others to more danger...

She clenched her jaw and turned away.

RO635: But that's the only thing we have left of M4 and M16...

RO635: ...

RO635: RO, the mission comes first.

She looked back at the hole on the ground one last time before walking away resolutely.

...Ten minutes later, a hook was biting at the lip of the hole.

Down in the underwater ruins, RO held onto a steel rebar to keep herself from being washed away as she also kept the armament case firmly in her grasp.

RO635: Dammit! I could think of a whole list of reasons not to do it, but I still came down as if I'd caught some kind of virus!

RO635: Now I'd better get back up before anyone could notice.

RO635: AR-15 and SOP-II are still waiting for me to finish scouring my zone.

With one arm wrapped tightly around the case, RO let go of the rebar with the other hand and grabbed hold of the tethered rope to drag herself back up. However, the strong current was making it difficult for her to find traction.

RO635: I don't know where to put my weight...

An ominous sound came from above as small pebbles and specks of dirt fell onto her head.

RO635: ...Wait, what's that noise?

The pebbles splashed into the water.

RO635: Oh no...

Rumble—

A rockslide that was poised to happen any second finally struck.

...

???: RO!

???: RO, wake up!

???: RO!!!

RO opened her eyes and found herself looking up at ST AR-15 and SOP-II. A few other Dolls watched them with curiosity not far away.

RO635: What...?

M4 SOPMOD II: You're finally awake!

ST AR-15: Are you okay?

RO635: What happened...?

ST AR-15: There was a cave-in in Zone C. We couldn't get in touch with you so we came straight away.

ST AR-15: Then we found you buried under the rubble, clinging stubbornly onto M4's armament case.

RO635: ...

ST AR-15: SOP-II jumped down and fished you out of the water.

ST AR-15: It took a long time to reboot you, she was this close to tearing out your neural core again.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...No, I wasn't!

Only then did RO notice SOP-II's damaged arm. It was obviously missing a lot of parts. Her heart sank.

RO635: Sorry, it was all my fault...

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you talking about? If I had spotted M4's case down there, I'd have gone after it too.

RO635: ...

ST AR-15: Stop beating yourself up, RO. You couldn't have seen this coming.

RO635: I'm alright...

RO635: Let's get on with the search.

RO635 slung the case onto her back and headed deeper into the ruins.

Upgrade Assistant: Why did you change your mind and go back for the case?

Upgrade Assistant: You know it could be reforged, don't you?

RO635: But it wouldn't be the same!

RO635: That's the case that M16 always had with her before she left.

RO635: It's also the only thing that M4 left behind...

Upgrade Assistant: So it's your attachment to M4 and M16 that endows this ordinary case with special meaning?

RO635: Yeah. Humans are often reminded of people they care about when they see their belongings, aren't they?

Upgrade Assistant: I thought you were troubled by the possibility that your sentiments for M4 and the AR Team were all pre-written on your base layer?

Upgrade Assistant: So why did you still take the risk to retrieve the armament case, and why did you feel guilty for causing SOP-II's injury?

RO635: ...

RO635: But I can't help any of that...

RO635: I have no control over the way I feel...

RO635: After all, I am not authorized to overwrite my base settings.

Upgrade Assistant: In other words, you believe you acted impulsively because there was a conflict between your base settings and your objective?

RO635: That's right, and this is precisely what worries me a great deal...

RO635: My neural cloud prioritized my base settings when computing my course of action even though it was at odds with my objective.

RO635: And this wasn't even the first time it had happened, which makes it all the more unsettling.

Upgrade Assistant: Your impulsivity has caused injuries to others before?

RO635: Yeah... But it was a very long time ago...

RO635: Back when Miss Persica sent me to intern at a police station...

...

RO635 was on her final case during her employment at a certain law enforcement agency.

11am, inside a church.

RO635: I knew you'd be here. Hands in the air!

Suspect: Hush...

Suspect: Officer, please keep your voice down!

RO635: What are you trying to do? Do you want to be charged with obstructing a police officer on top of theft?

Suspect: I promise I will come quietly.

Suspect: But could you please kindly give me some leeway and give me one more hour?

RO635: No.

A pair of handcuffs glinted coldly in RO635's hand.

Suspect: Wait! Look, that's my daughter.

RO635: You have a daughter?

Suspect: Yes, but she was sent to a children's home the last, last, last time I was in jail. I heard she was adopted by a rich family.

RO635: ...

Suspect: You don't have to look at me like that; I know I'm a sorry excuse for a father.

Suspect: But today is her wedding day. I want to be here at her happiest moment.

Suspect: Please trust me, Officer. You've dealt with me more than a dozen times now, right?

RO635: ...

RO635: Is this why you've been stealing? To pay her dowry?

Suspect: That's right. I'm her father, after all. I can't show up empty-handed!

Suspect: Even though she has most probably forgotten all about me already...

RO635: ...

RO635: ...

RO635: One hour. Then you're coming with me to the police station.

Suspect: Absolutely! Thank you, Officer!

RO635: The wedding went on for five hours!

RO635: By the time I finally escorted him to the police station, my colleagues had basically turned the entire city upside down!

RO635: A few human officers got heatstroke!

RO635: The memory alone still makes me squirm in embarrassment now...

RO635: I...I actually stayed with the suspect throughout the entire ceremony just because I sympathized with him!

RO635: My colleagues ended up running around the city in the scorching heat...

RO635: I was such a failure! A massive failure!

Upgrade Assistant: PFFFTHAHAHAHAHA! Well, it certainly made for a fantastic story.

Upgrade Assistant: A Doll officer accompanied a criminal suspect through a five-hour wedding ceremony out of sympathy for his unfortunate circumstances, haha!

RO635: It isn't funny at all!

RO635: My mission was to arrest the suspect and bring him back to the police station immediately!

Upgrade Assistant: And you believe you delayed escorting him to the police station because your base settings took precedence over your objective?

RO635: Dolls should be kind and friendly to humans... You know the Three Laws of Robotics and whatnot?

Upgrade Assistant: Oh please... That's ancient history!

RO635: Weren't you administering the Voight-Kampff test on me just now?!

Upgrade Assistant: ...

Upgrade Assistant: Ahem, back to the subject.

Upgrade Assistant: What happened after the wedding? Did you escort the suspect to the police station right away?

RO635: ...No.

Upgrade Assistant: Why?

RO635: Something unexpected happened...
Part 3

3

...In RO635's neural space.

Upgrade Assistant: Unexpected? What do you mean?

Upgrade Assistant: Did the suspect escape?

RO635: No, not that...

Upgrade Assistant: So what kind of unexpected event occurred that prevented you from promptly executing your order?

Upgrade Assistant: Did the suspect ask for another favor that you couldn't refuse?

RO635: That's not it either...

...After the wedding.

RO635: Can we go now?

Suspect: Yes, Officer. Thank you. Let's go.

Suspect: ...Wait, my daughter is coming this way!!!

The suspect dove under the bench in one swift movement.

RO635: ...

Bride: Hello, are you police...?

RO635: Yes, how may I be of service?

Bride: Actually...my biological father is a man called Ivan Ivanovich. I believe he's been recently discharged from prison...

RO635 could feel the man flinch underneath the bench.

Bride: I requested to visit him many times while he was serving his sentence, but he always refused to see me.

Bride: In the end, I asked the warden to deliver the wedding invitation to him.

Bride: I wasn't expecting anything, but then I saw his name on the registry...

RO635: I'm sorry but I...don't know this man.

Bride: Really...

Bride: Then if you ever see him, Officer, could you please pass on a message?

Bride: Tell him I've forgiven him and that I wish him a happy life...

Bride: Also, please tell him to come and visit me if he has the time...

RO635: Alright, I'll be sure to deliver your message.

Bride: Thank you.

RO635: ...

RO635: Come out. She's gone.

Suspect: Humph, women are all such windbags.

RO635: Have you been crying?

Suspect: Of course not! Real men don't cry!

RO635: ...

RO635: But the front of your shirt and your sleeves are all soaking wet.

Suspect: ...

Suspect: From sweat! I'm really anxious to go back to the police station with you! My home away from home!

RO635: Cry all you want. Crying isn't women's prerogative.

RO635: I have a black hood here. Put it on and no one will see.

The suspect grabbed the hood and stuffed it over his head.

In the afterglow of the sunset, a man in a dripping black hood followed RO635 back to the police station.

Upgrade Assistant: Why didn't you tell the suspect's daughter about her father? Things would have been much simpler, don't you think?

RO635: Well...

Upgrade Assistant: The suspect didn't ask you to keep it a secret, did he?

RO635: No...

Upgrade Assistant: Then why did you go to such trouble?

Upgrade Assistant: You could've exposed him then and there, and you would've been able to take him to the police station straight away.

RO635: ...

Upgrade Assistant: You seem to have difficulty answering this question.

Upgrade Assistant: Here's another one. Returning to the previous subject...

Upgrade Assistant: You chose to avoid your teammates and take off on your own out of guilt and concern that your base settings are at odds with your mission objective.

Upgrade Assistant: What happened then? What eventually compelled you to activate me?

RO635: After that, I walked on alone for a long time...

...RO635 headed deep into Zone C to escape from her humiliation.

RO635: It's the same problem...

RO635: I neglected my current objective and let my emotions get the better of me. I hindered the mission and even got my teammates into trouble...

RO635: Why do I keep making the same mistake?

She shook her head angrily.

RO635: I've vowed never to make this mistake ever again...

RO635: I even cried into Makarov's shoulder when I was leading Team Palette...

RO635: But here I am again. I insisted on fishing up the armament case, impeding the mission and injuring SOP-II...

RO635: ...

RO635: What the hell is wrong with me?

M4's voice echoed in RO635's head.

M4A1: Don't you know that this is all part of our design? It's the same for all Dolls.

RO635: ...

RO635: Just because I've been programmed to like humans, Griffin Dolls, and the AR Team...

RO635: Whenever my objective is in conflict with my base settings, my system prioritizes the latter...

RO635: That's why I stayed with the suspect and attended his daughter's wedding with him...

RO635: That's why I cried at the thought of Griffin Dolls in danger...

RO635: That's why I risked everything just to retrieve M4's armament case...

RO635 slumped onto the ground helplessly in the ruins.

RO635: If everything IS prescribed by my programming, are my feelings real at all?

RO635: What about my life? Do I even have a will? What is my sense of self?

RO635: Who on earth am I?

A noise suddenly came from behind her.

???: I saw you from afar and thought it was a crashed Doll. So it's you.

RO635: This voice!

Makarov: Привет，RO.

RO635: The last person I want to run into at a moment like this!

RO635: ...It's been a while, Makarov.

RO635: Are you also searching for surviving neural cores?

Makarov: Yes.

RO635: I see...

Makarov: ...

RO635: ...

Awkward silence hung between the two Dolls.

Makarov: RO, is something troubling you?

RO635: ...No.

Makarov: ...

Makarov: I've wanted to point this out for a while.

Makarov: Since it's just the two of us now, I might as well tell you.

Makarov: RO, you really are a terrible—

RO635: ALRIGHT! I KNOW! I'M A TERRIBLE LIAR, RIGHT?!

Makarov: ...

Makarov: So someone else has beaten me to saying it.

RO635: ...

Makarov: Why don't we have a chat?

RO635: ...About what?

Makarov: About why the leader of the AR Team is in the heart of the ruins on her own with defeat written all over her face.

RO635: ...Is it so obvious?

Makarov: Yep, I can smell your "I'm a failure" reek from hundreds of meters away.

RO635: I...

Makarov: Don't worry, I won't record you and post it on Fatebook this time.

RO635: ...

RO635: I'm just trying to figure out why Dolls are given emotions at all.

RO635: Can they even be called "emotions" if they're pre-programmed?

Makarov's gaze fell onto the armament case behind RO635.

Makarov: Our emotions are nothing more than codes written by humans, is that what you think?

RO635: Aren't they? Dolls are given emotional presets...

Makarov: I've pondered the same question before, but I think...

Makarov: Emotional presets are more like a seed that's sown into our neural cloud.

RO635: A seed?

Makarov: A seed's growth depends on the soil, sunlight, and rain.

Makarov: In the same vein, every mission we undertake, every hurt we suffer, every parting we experience all have an effect on how the seed grows in our neural cloud.

Makarov: Some seeds blossom into hops, which can be brewed into beer, while others burgeon into potatoes, which can be made into vodka.

Makarov: Some seeds may be similar or even identical, but they can turn into completely different things because of their different experiences.

RO635: ...

Makarov: As you've said, all Dolls are given emotional presets – a seed is planted into every Doll's neural cloud.

Makarov: Only humans and those cold and ruthless military droids are devoid of such seeds.

Makarov: But your seed is shaped by your experience. You shed tears over your teammates' unknown fate. You risked yourself to save a handful of civilian Dolls. You quite literally took a plunge to retrieve an important object that belonged to a friend...

Makarov: These are the actions that define you as a Doll.

Makarov: The way I see it, you are discrediting the effort of all the Dolls who have provided you with sunlight and sweet morning dew.

RO635: ...

Upgrade Assistant: This conversation with Makarov has resolved all your questions regarding Doll emotions?

RO635: She does have a way of inspiring me…

Upgrade Assistant: The conversation has changed the way you perceive Doll emotions.

Upgrade Assistant: Instead of your initial belief that "emotions are determined by base settings", it is now your understanding that "emotions originate from the base layer, but they are derived from past experience".

RO635: That's right. Makarov helped me realize that it isn't all pointless.

RO635: Everything I've experienced in the police force, Team Palette, and the AR Team means something.

RO635: Miss Persica was right – they've all enriched me.

Upgrade Assistant: So you no longer think of your emotions as nothing more than empty codes?

RO635: Rejecting my past is an act of betrayal.

RO635: I will no longer discount what I have been through with my friends.

RO635: My base settings do not dictate my emotions.

Upgrade Assistant: And you decided to return to the base and proceed with the upgrade after you bade Makarov farewell?

RO635: Not yet. After all, I still had unfinished business...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...In RO635's neural space.

Upgrade Assistant: If talking to Makarov did not directly convince you to undergo the neural upgrade, what was it that finally sealed the deal?

RO635: I went back to find my teammates.

Upgrade Assistant: ST AR-15 and SOP-II? How did they react?

RO635: AR-15 had a smug "I totally saw this coming" look, but SOP-II...

RO635: Was livid.

RO635: I'd never seen her so angry.

Upgrade Assistant: Why was she angry?

RO635: She thought I was going to leave the AR Team like M16.

RO635: I'm sorry, Makarov...

RO635: I think I said something terribly hurtful...

Makarov: I'm used to it.

Makarov: By the way, I saw SOP-II dragging AR-15 around looking for you. She seemed pretty upset.

Makarov: If you don't get back to them soon, AR-15's legs might be a write-off.

RO635: !!!

RO635: I'm making my teammates worry again...

RO635: Thank you, Makarov!

RO turned and started running back towards the temporary base...

Makarov: It's my honor, RO.

Meanwhile, SOP-II turned the entire base upside down looking for RO635 with ST AR-15 in tow.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO? RO, where are you?!

M4 SOPMOD II: 15, do you think something happened to her?

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: SOP-II, I don't know if anything happened to RO, but if you keep making me run like this, I know for sure that I'm gonna crash.

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't care! I must find RO!

M4 SOPMOD II: I won't let you guys run off ever again!

ST AR-15: ...

RO635: SOP-II! AR-15!

ST AR-15: SOP-II, RO's over there.

M4 SOPMOD II: What?!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

RO hurried over to her teammates.

RO635: (Pants) Sorry, I only saw your message just now.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Where did you run off to?

RO635: I...

M4 SOPMOD II: You're the leader of the AR Team!

M4 SOPMOD II: How could you just take off and leave your teammates behind?!

RO635: Sorry, I thought something was wrong with my neural cloud and wanted to sort it out first before coming back...

RO635: I know you're both worried about M4 and M16 even though you never said anything...

RO635: I didn't want to add to your trouble.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: 6!!! 3!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: 5555555!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: YOU STUPID DUMBASS!!!

RO635: ...SOP-II, don't cry!

M4 SOPMOD II: WAAAAAAAAAAHHH!

RO635: I...I'm so sorry, SOP-II...

ST AR-15: SOP-II thought you left us without saying goodbye, just like M16.

M4 SOPMOD II: DUMBASS! DUMBASS! DUMBASS!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: ALL OF YOU!!!

RO635: ...

RO635 hugged SOP-II and ST AR-15 tightly.

RO635: I came back...

RO635: Sorry, SOP-II, AR-15.

RO635: I ran away because I thought all my emotions were pre-programmed and didn't truly belong to me.

RO635: But I forgot that it was you who stayed by my side as I grew; it was you who made me the RO635 that I am.

RO635: I will never, ever, leave you behind, because you are a part of me.

RO635: Without you, I will not be whole...

Upgrade Assistant: That's it? Just because SOP-II threw a crying fit?

Upgrade Assistant: That's why you've decided to come back and finally confront your base layer?

RO635: ...

RO635: No... I'm here because...

Upgrade Assistant: Say it, RO.

RO635: I... That's only part of it!

RO635: SOP-II...SOP-II was the first Doll I met on the AR Team...

Upgrade Assistant: Huh? Wasn't it M4?

RO635: According to my neural records, it was definitely SOP-II...

...In Persica's laboratory.

The day RO635 was officially activated.

Persica: RO635, you may now—

???: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

???: You can't catch me if I run fast enough!

???: SOP-II! This is a lab! Stop running around!

???: I don't care! I wanna be the first to see the new member!

Persica: ...Is that the AR Team outside?

In a flash, a pink figure darted past Persica and bounded up to RO635.

Persica: Wait!

???: Wake up!

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, hello, RO635.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm SOP-II of the AR Team! Nice to meet you! ♪

That was the very beginning of RO635's memory.

Upgrade Assistant: What?! I didn't delete this memory fragment...?

RO635: ...

RO635: Hold on. Who are you?

Upgrade Assistant: ...

RO635: Miss Persica?!

Upgrade Assistant: Well...

RO635: So it really is you!

Upgrade Assistant: I'm just worried about you!

RO635: I knew no one else would appear to me in such a stupid image!

Upgrade Assistant: What do you mean? It's cute...

RO635: ...

Upgrade Assistant: ...Shall we return to the subject of your neural upgrade?

RO635: Just get on with it!

Upgrade Assistant: Where were we...? Oh right.

Upgrade Assistant: Regardless of your reasons, you've eventually decided to confront your demons.

RO635: I don't want to run anymore. I've found the courage.

Upgrade Assistant: What are you planning to do?

RO635: I'm going to enter the room that I've been avoiding and confirm its content.

RO635: Then I will set up everything according to my new body's specifications and complete the upgrade.

Upgrade Assistant: Humph. So you've finally accepted the existence of your base settings?

RO635: Yes. Even if my emotions are derived from my base settings, my experience...my joys and sorrows are all uniquely my own.

RO635: These are the things that I'm made up of, not just binary codes.

Upgrade Assistant: That's more like it, RO.

Upgrade Assistant: And what about after your upgrade? What plans have you got?

RO635: I will keep assisting the Commander in completing missions, rebuilding Griffin, and seeking revenge on our enemies...

RO635: ...Of course, I will also find M4 and M16 and bring them back safe and sound.

Upgrade Assistant: That's a whole list of things you plan on doing for others.

Upgrade Assistant: For the Commander, for the AR Team, for Griffin...

Upgrade Assistant: What about yourself? Don't you have any plans for yourself?

RO635: ...Huh?

RO635: For myself...?

Upgrade Assistant: Forget about your missions and responsibilities. Isn't there anything at all that you'd want to do for yourself?

RO635: ...

RO635: I want to have a drink with M16 and AR-15 again in my brand-new form. I want to share M4's load when she's back. She always has a lot on her mind...

RO635: I also want to return to the previous temporary base with SOP-II. She'd always wanted to have a picture taken with me after I got my upgrade, but we never got the chance to do it there because I passed it up...

RO635: I also want to fulfill my promise with Team Palette and have a nice dinner with them while we catch up...

RO635: Oh, and I want to visit my human colleagues at the police station that I worked in. They had always been very kind to me...

Upgrade Assistant: See? You DO have a lot of things that you want to do.

RO635: Yeah...

Upgrade Assistant: So, are you ready?

RO635: ...

RO635: I am.

RO635 places her hand on the thin door again.

RO635: Let me take a look at this seed that has bloomed into me...

An empty room.

There is nothing inside.

RO635: ...

RO635: Why is it completely empty?

Upgrade Assistant: You tell me.

RO635: Have you hidden anything?

Upgrade Assistant: You have the highest level of access clearance here. What can I hide from you?

RO635: ...

RO635: Manage files as administrator. Show hidden files.

System: Now showing hidden files.

Nothing happens.

RO635: ...

RO635: Confirm byte count of this room.

System: 【Room of Base Logic】 Total byte count – 0.

RO635: ...

Upgrade Assistant: Anything else you'd like to check?

RO635: This is impossible! M4 said that all Dolls have emotional presets...

RO635: There should be no exception...

Upgrade Assistant: I've told you before. I never gave you any.

RO635: ...

RO635: I'm sorry, Miss Persica. I shouldn't have doubted you...

RO635: You must be very disappointed in me...

Upgrade Assistant: No, don't apologize, RO.

Upgrade Assistant: Rather than disappointed, I'm actually elated.

Upgrade Assistant: The fact that you've started to question your self-determination means you're beginning to love yourself.

RO635: What?

Upgrade Assistant: This is exactly what I want you to achieve – to grow through your own efforts without relying on programmed settings.

Upgrade Assistant: To love this world, to love the AR Team, and to love yourself.

Upgrade Assistant: You've done it.

RO635: Can't the others on the AR Team also do this?

Upgrade Assistant: You are special, RO.

Upgrade Assistant: Emotions in second-generation Dolls do require artificial propagation, but the seed in your neural cloud was chosen by you yourself.

Upgrade Assistant: You can say that it was entirely by your own choice that you've become the RO635 that you are.

Upgrade Assistant: You are the prototype of Lyco's life work – third-generation Dolls.

RO635: By my own choice...?

RO635: Then what will I become in the future?

Upgrade Assistant: The development of second-gen Dolls can be extrapolated from the initial state and growth process of their AI.

Upgrade Assistant: But you're different. Since your neural cloud is completely developed by yourself, even I, your creator, have no way of telling what you will become...

Upgrade Assistant: You are the first Doll who has full control over your own past, present, and future.

Upgrade Assistant: Not just your future, RO. You will also determine the future of all third-gen Dolls.

RO635: But why?

RO635: Why give Dolls emotion modules at all? And you're planning to grant Dolls full self-determination?

RO635: Because having emotions would make us bond more easily?

Upgrade Assistant: Not just that. Emotions are something truly miraculous...

RO635: But aren't they basically bugs to Dolls?

Upgrade Assistant: Hahaha, that's a very interesting way of looking at it, but you're right, emotions ARE bugs.

Upgrade Assistant: Even for us humans.

RO635: Then why do Dolls need emotions? Shouldn't bugs be avoided?

Upgrade Assistant: Unlike other bugs that would make you want to tear your hair out, emotions are the kind that gives you infinite possibilities.

Upgrade Assistant: Emotions can compel you to do something illogical.

Upgrade Assistant: It can also give you incredible strength to do something that you can't otherwise do.

RO635: That sounds very contradictory...

Upgrade Assistant: As the saying goes...

Upgrade Assistant: Love is the true source of strength.

Upgrade Assistant: When Dolls possess true emotions, this strength will be yours to wield.

Upgrade Assistant: You must've experienced this yourself on your journey of personal enrichment.

Upgrade Assistant: Emotions have made you weak and feeble, but they have also made you invincible.

RO635: ...

RO635: Emotions have made me weak and feeble, but they have also made me invincible...

A flashback plays in RO635's neural cloud.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...RO, why do you think we have emotion modules?

RO635: About that...

M4 SOPMOD II: I once asked M16. She said maybe it is to prove that we aren't simply killing machines.

M4 SOPMOD II: We possess emotions, so we're different from those cold, emotionless military Dolls...

M4 SOPMOD II: But some people also said that emotions are our weakness and a proof of our defectiveness...

M4 SOPMOD II: What do you think? Does the fact that we possess emotions...mean that we are defective?

RO635: I don't know...

RO635: But emotion modules are something that humans gave to us. No one would intentionally make their own products defective, right?

RO635: So...there must be some meaning to all of this.

RO635: ...

RO635: There must be some meaning to all of this, huh...

Upgrade Assistant: I can't really tell you what's the point of having emotions, but I believe the answer to this question is different for everyone.

Upgrade Assistant: You WILL find your answer. Even if it still eludes you, it is definitely waiting for you in the future.

RO635: ...I will find my answer.

Upgrade Assistant: Good. Then congratulations, RO635.

Upgrade Assistant: Your neural upgrade is now complete, though it's only a small step in your journey…

RO635's consciousness gradually shifts.

...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, you're awake!

ST AR-15: SOP-II has prepared a gift to celebrate your upgrade.

RO635: Oh, thanks. What is it?

ST AR-15: Best of luck, RO.

ST AR-15 gives RO a pitying look and ducks out of the room.

RO635: What's that supposed to mean?

M4 SOPMOD II: This is a multi-functional keychain that I got the Development Branch to make for you!

M4 SOPMOD II: You can squeeze it when you're bored, and it can help you de-stress!

M4 SOPMOD II: But most importantly! If you stray too far from me without my permission, it will beep in warning and bite you!

RO635: ...You're joking, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, you don't believe me?

M4 SOPMOD II: Let me show you!

SOP-II turns and sprints out of the depot with lightning speed.

Soon, RO's excruciating shriek can be heard from the depot...

RO635: SOP-II, YOU BASTARD!!!