SAA: So, you know the rules. This time, you decide the game, and I name the bet. Okay?

Makarov: This is why I dislike you lot of... (Sighs)

Makarov: Fine. Let's decide on who gets to serve as the Commander's adjutant tomorrow through a combat simulation.

Makarov: We each lead a team and run the same program simultaneously until all waves are down. Whoever has more kills wins. As for the stakes—

SAA: As always, the winner gets half a month worth of cola and the opportunity to accompany the Commander's field trip tomorrow.

Makarov: Agreed.

(During the combat simulation.)

SAA: Looks like Makarov's team has started in the west. We'd better hurry too.

SAA: Still, I seem to have been dealt a nice hand, don't you think, CZ75?

CZ75: You may have more experience here, but you're way too slow.

CZ75: When is this gonna be over if you keep dawdling like this?

SAA: I may have a good hand, but I'm playing with really unpleasant people.

SAA: Then...

SAA: Whoa?!

(A bullet slices past SAA's hat.)

SAA: Phew... Thank goodness for my good reflexes...

SAA: Damn. They need to pay for that!

CZ75: Tsk...!

CZ75: Over here, SAA. They seem to be armed with suppressors.

SAA: That didn't seem like a simulated Sangvis unit. It was a Griffin T-Doll!

SAA: Makarov's team is resorting to sneak attacks just to win the wager...but that's playing right into my hand!

CZ75: This whole wager is completely unnecessary... Wait. No way. Not you too?

SAA: They have shown their hand. We also have to do what it takes to win!

SAA: The position of adjutant and cola. They're both mine and I don't plan on giving up either!

CZ75: The Commander will probably cry at the thought of being considered on the same level as cola. So, what are we gonna do?

SAA: I noticed last time that there's a bug in the simulation to our three o'clock, in the West, that drops you into the Neural Cloud Corridor.

SAA: We can draw them there and...

CZ75: That's a good plan.

CZ75: Leave them on the other side while we finish the combat simulation as fast as we can. Then we'll win.

SAA: Of course! Then let's get started!

(Meanwhile)

Tokarev: Keep your eyes open. Aim properly before you fire.

Tokarev: Say, you may be the leader, Makarov, but you're way too reckless.

Makarov: Sorry. Let's...

Makarov: Hmm? They're moving towards where the bug is.

Tokarev: Bug? What bug?

Makarov: I thought SAA didn't notice, but she's more observant than I thought.

Makarov: She's trying to catch our attention and arouse our suspicion so we'll follow and see what she's up to.

Tokarev: Then we should stick to our plan and destroy the Sangvis units here fir...

Makarov: Nyet. If she wants to gamble, it'd be a shame if I fold.

Makarov: I know exactly where the bug leads...

Makarov: Let's take advantage of the location and leave them stranded there.
Part 2

2

SAA: Oooh, they've taken the bait!

SAA: Makarov is much too green for this. Looks like I'm winning this game for sure!

CZ75: Don't let down your guard before the final die is cast, SAA.

SAA: Fine, I'll shut up for now.

SAA: I can boast in her face all I want afterwards.

CZ75: (Sighs) ...Here they come. The bug is straight ahead. What now?

SAA: We let them go, of course...NOT! We hide and wait for them to get here.

(On the node.)

Tokarev: They're gone. Have they entered already? That's way too risky...

Makarov: Nyet. SAA is not stupid. At least not THAT stupid. She must be around here somewhere.

Makarov: Judging by her character, she is probably lying in ambush... Let me see.

Makarov looks around carefully.

Makarov: Strange... Maybe she really...

BANG!

As the shot is fired, Tokarev throws herself on top of Makarov. The two T-Dolls crash haphazardly onto the floor by the entrance of the bug.

Makarov: ... Ugh! Are you okay, Tokarev?!

Tokarev: I'm fine... I was thinking if she could be there but thought it was way too obvious.

SAA: Haha! The most dangerous place is the safest. Haven't you heard that before?

Makarov: How dare you mess with my teammate. Don't even think about winning today.

Makarov raises her gun and fires at SAA, but SAA dodges the shot and retaliates.

Tokarev: Crap. They're moving closer to the bug... Keep your distance, Makarov!

SAA: Now that we're here, of course you're going in!

Makarov: You pushed me...?! I'm taking you with me!

SAA: Eh...?

Tokarev: Makarov! SAA!

SAA: Oww... We seem to have come to a bad place.

Makarov: It was all your fault... So this really is the Neural Cloud Corridor. Now how do we get back...?

SAA: Since we're here, we can only wait for our teammates to ask the Commander to come get us out, right?

SAA: But until then, I'm up for some exploring. Wanna come?

Makarov: There's a limit to how far you should veer away from a plan, SAA. I hate it when you do this.

SAA: So you plan on just sitting here and waiting for time to pass, scaredy-cat?

Makarov: I will NOT be provoked. Go if you want.

Unknown Doll: Looks like some Griffin filth has wandered in. How unexpected.

SAA: Watch out!

Makarov: ...?!

BOOM!

SAA pulls Makarov aside, and an high explosive shell lands right next to where the two T-Dolls were just standing.

Ouroboros: Doesn't matter... You shall be the stepping stone to my escape.

Ouroboros: Be honored, second-rate Griffin Dolls.
Part 3

3

SAA: Th-this really is...unexpected.

Ouroboros: I haven't taken a shot at anybody in a while. My aim seems to be a bit off.

Makarov: (Whispers) SAA...wait for the rescue signal while I distract her.

Ouroboros: You must be joking.

Ouroboros: Do you honestly think either of you are getting away?

Ouroboros: You and the rubbish T-Doll I have defeated countless times before...

Ouroboros: Will both die to my next shot.

SAA: Defeated countless times? I've never seen you in my life!

SAA: I've been out many times looking for cola, but I don't remember seeing you at all...

Ouroboros: Of course you wouldn't understand. I'm referring to the many battles that "never happened".

Ouroboros: SAA, one of the earliest key members of Griffin...

Ouroboros: Fighting you was the first stage of my early training. Now, are you ready to die?

SAA: Hey... I could've sworn the Sangvis units were all been targeting me on my recent missions. So it WASN'T just my imagination!

Ouroboros: It's only natural for an old model to be studied thoroughly.

Ouroboros: Well, are you done with your final words?

SAA: Wait, wait, wait!

SAA: How about a bet?

SAA: Let's see if an old model like me can beat you in some way.

Ouroboros: Why should I give you a chance?

Makarov: Are you scared you'd lose to me?

Ouroboros: Ha! As if.

Ouroboros: Well? Name your game. I will make it clear to you that resistance is futile.

SAA: Russian Roulette. Surely you've heard of it even if you've never done it before?

Ouroboros: Load a revolver with a single bullet and take turns firing at your own head...

Ouroboros: A gamble of pure luck that requires no skill at all. Looks like you Griffin Dolls are only good for such parlor tricks.

SAA: I know I can't beat you anyways. Might as well gamble on my luck.

SAA: Besides, I'm sure the God of cola will be on my side.

Ouroboros: Then I shall make you see just how hopeless you are.

Ouroboros: Don't worry. Losing to me is not humiliating at all. But I'm afraid your neural cloud will be mine after that.

...

Click.

Click.

Click.

After a few turns of the chamber...

SAA: ...

Ouroboros: Well? That's the last chamber, aren't you pulling the trigger? Are you worried that it's going to go right through your head?

SAA: W...what the hell...?

SAA: You...anticipated this to happen?

Ouroboros: I can easily predict when each bullet is going to be fired from that antique piece of junk you wield.

Ouroboros: Now, enough of this. Time for you to bear the consequences of losing.

SAA: I see... Sangvis AI really is advanced. However, I think—

Ouroboros: ...!! An axe...from where?!

CZ75: It's over!!

SAA: Looks like we have the upper hand.

Ouroboros: Humph... This is always how it ends...

SAA: Jeez! What took you so long, CZ75?

CZ75: Shut up, troublemaker. Do you have any idea how long it took for Tokarev and me to bring the Commander here?!

CZ75: And this isn't the Neural Cloud Corridor at all!

SAA: That can't be helped. It looks just like the corridor!

SAA: Anyway, wanna have another game to decide the winner once and for all, Makarov?

Makarov: ...Never mind. I am letting you off this time seeing as you've bought us some time with your terrible acting skills.

SAA: Then the winner is—

(At the Griffin base.)

SAA: Here's my report on the accidental encounter.

Commander: You did well on your crisis management, SAA.

Commander: However, not reporting a bug and letting it endanger yourself and others is totally unacceptable.

SAA: ...I'm sorry, Commander. I was too reckless.

SAA: And I didn't expect things to turn out that way with Ouroboros... If only my neural cloud was more...

Commander: That wasn't your fault.

SAA: Sigh... I know you're just trying to make me feel better, Commander.

SAA: But Ouroboros almost broke loose because of me.

Commander: That wasn't actually a bug, nor was it the real Ouroboros.

SAA: Huh?!

Makarov: Hold on... She was so intimidating though. You're saying she's a fake?

Commander: That was a replica we created based on Ouroboros' AI as an "Easter Egg" in the combat simulation to test our T-Dolls' ability to manage a crisis.

Commander: Only her computational capacity is identical to the real Ouroboros.

SAA: So... Ahaha... I couldn't tell she was a fake. I even gambled with my own life...

SAA: And lost.

Commander: Her purpose is to expose our T-Dolls to their own shortcomings, so it's not surprising that you lost to her.

Commander: Losing isn't really the point. Do you now understand your own weaknesses?

SAA: Yeah... I'm too reckless, impatient, and I don't listen to others.

SAA: I overestimate my computational capacity...and put too much faith in my experience.

Commander: Experience can indeed help you navigate through a situation and improve the outcome, but you must never let it get to your head.

SAA: But I still lost. If only I were stronger, more collected, and had a higher computational capacity to plan a few more steps ahead...

Commander: I won't say being able to take things lightly is necessarily a weakness.

Commander: But speaking of your neural cloud... Would you be interested in IOP's newest technological breakthrough?

Commander: A Neural Upgrade?

SAA: What...would that do to me?

Commander: Make you stronger.

SAA: Will I still be able to drink cola?

SAA: Of course I'd like to be stronger, but cola is more...

Commander: It's an upgrade, not a remake.

SAA: Then...!

Commander: ...?!

SAA: For you...and for Griffin!

SAA: I'll go! YAHOOOO!
Part 4

    4chevron_right

(A solitary T-Doll is on the training ground.)

CZ75: The training session is over. I hope that'll be enough to save myself from getting into trouble... Now...

SAA: How about some cola?

CZ75: WHOAAAAAA!!!!!!!

SAA: Jeez...you're loud.

SAA: Why are you so scared?! Am I that scary?

CZ75: Isn't it scary to have someone suddenly put a freezing can of cola against the back of your neck?!

CZ75: Can't you consider other people's feelings even for just a li... Hmm? What happened to you?

SAA: What do you think? Do I look cooler?

CZ75: Not really. I thought you were away on a mission after the combat simulation.

SAA: Well...you could say it was a mission!

CZ75: So why are you here?

SAA: I came to thank you.

CZ75: Thank me? For what? I don't remember doing anything to deserve your gratitude.

SAA: You know...uh...the thing with the combat simulation.

SAA: I didn't lose everything to Ouroboros thanks to you.

CZ75: Just doing my job.

CZ75: It's a pain to serve under a scatterbrain like you, but it's my duty to eliminate all Sangvis.

SAA: But that doesn't change the fact that you saved me.

SAA: This can of cola is for you. I'll be off now! See you on our next mission!

CZ75: Hey!

CZ75: Sheesh... She wasn't listening at all.

CZ75: ...

CZ75 pops open the can.

CZ75: ...I could use a cold drink.

(At the base.)

I'm in the middle of a conversation with Makarov when a gust of wind whisks past my ear.

SAA: Commander! I'm back! What do you think? A brand new, more powerful SAA!

Commander: Calm down. Calm down, SAA... My spine is gonna snap...

SAA: Looks like you need to drink more cola, Commander!

Commander: (I thought that stuff could only give me osteoporosis...)

Commander: We'll see about that. Welcome back, SAA.

Makarov: Did you really get a Neural Upgrade? You seem even more heedless than before.

SAA: Of course I did! Wanna try me?

SAA: But before that, pay up.

Makarov: What?

SAA: Your bet.

Makarov: That combat simulation was never complete. I am not paying.

SAA: But my teammate CZ75 was the one who defeated Ouroboros, so technically, I won.

Makarov: ...Dammit. I won't let you win next time.

SAA: We'll see about that!

SAA: My source of cola for the next two weeks is secured, Commander. Why don't we have a cola bath some other time?! It'll make your skin better!

Commander: Uh, no thanks... But why some other time? Are you busy right now?

SAA: I have to find Tokarev.

SAA: I still owe her a "thank you". I'm not the sort to forget about such things!

SAA: Then, catch you later!

Commander: Meet me here after you're done. I have a new assignment for you, SAA.

SAA gives me a smart salute in return.

SAA: Rest assured, Commander!

SAA: This miraculous power will always be yours to wield, anytime, anywhere!