...

In a bright room totally unlike the Commander's command room.

The command room always gives off a cold and oppressive feeling.

It is very warm in here.

This place...

???: Subject No. 7, your name?

Stechkin: Stechkin.

Stechkin: Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin'.

???: Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin', the test is about to begin. Ready?

Stechkin: Stop wasting my time. Go ahead.

???: Recite your baseline.

???: The noble hold despicable acts in contempt. Atop their high horse, the noble look down on the despicable for committing despicable acts. Despicable.

Stechkin: Despicable.

???: Is there anything you find despicable in what your job requires you to do? Despicable.

Stechkin: Despicable.

???: Has anyone called you despicable because of your job? Despicable.

Stechkin: ...Despicable.

???: Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin', the system has detected irregular emotional fluctuations. Noble.

Stechkin: Noble.

???: Has anyone praised you for your work? Noble.

Stechkin: Noble.

???: Has anyone told you to think about the bigger picture? Noble.

Stechkin: Noble.

???: Do you yearn to be praised? Noble.

Stechkin: Noble.

???: The noble hold despicable acts in contempt.

Stechkin: The noble hold despicable acts in contempt.

???: Why don't you say that three times?

Stechkin: ...The noble hold despicable acts in contempt. The noble hold despicable acts in contempt. The noble hold despicable acts in contempt.

The system has detected irregular emotional fluctuations...?

Who is it behind this machine? Is it the Commander?

Or is it really just a machine that's examining me?

???: Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin', answer the following question.

???: What is it that matters to you the most?

Oh, I almost forgot what I'm doing here.

Questions. Always these kinds of questions.

???: Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin', what is it that matters to you the most?

What is it that matters to me the most?

As a Doll, what means the most to me...?

Shopping? True, I love shopping.

The Commander? Hm... I do enjoy pestering the Commander into giving me some spare change.

But what matters the most has still got to be...

???: Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin', answer the question.

???: What is it that matters to you the most?

Stechkin: Money, of course.

Is there anything that matters more? Probably not.

How many times have I been asked this question? I've lost count.

This room is so bright it's almost dazzling...

This place...

???: Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin', why do you value money above all else?

Stechkin: Only money is omnipotent. Money has the power to determine a person's life and death.

Stechkin: I've seen too much on my missions...

Stechkin: The poor living in this area can't even afford medical care. Death is their only option.

???: Do not use humans as reference, Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin'.

Stechkin: Ha, no...?

Stechkin: Isn't it the same for us Dolls? Without money, how are we supposed to acquire the resources we need?

Stechkin: Many Dolls in the base are struggling to make ends meet.

???: Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin', let's put it in a different way.

???: Which is more important, money or Griffin's survival?

Which is more important?

Ha, if that's what you want to know, why didn't you just get straight to the point?

Of course it's—

Stechkin: Of course it's Griffin's survival.

Stechkin: Griffin...is what matters the most to me.

...Hm? This happened again. My emergency calibration protocol intervened and answered the question for me again.

Ha, what the hell is this...? Some kind of defense mechanism? To protect my core from being dismantled?

???: Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin', confirm your response.

???: Which is more important, money or Griffin's survival?

Alright, alright...

Defense mechanism... Ha, what a joke. It's making me contradict myself...

Fine, fine...

It's always the same, so why would it make an exception this time?

Stechkin: Griffin's survival.

Stechkin: That matters more to me than money.

???: Thank you, Subject No. 7, Automatic Pistol ‘Stechkin'. We're done.

Snap.

The bright lights are turned off. I knew it. This room, this place...

My neural cloud has always been cold and dark.

The Commander's command room might actually be warmer...

Whoosh.

...The door slides open, revealing a hallway in the Griffin base.

Stechkin: This had better be the last time. What a drag...

Stechkin squints, waiting for her eyes to adjust to the glaring sunlight in the hallway.

Stechkin: What's the point of doing such tests...?

Stechkin: Even if I fail...

OTs-12: Even if you fail, can't they just reset your neural cloud and dump you back onto the battlefield?

Stechkin looks up and sees a Doll leaning against the wall.

Stechkin: Oh? You're here.

Stechkin: Don't say such things. If they find out, they'll drag you over for tests as well.

OTs-12: Uh...

OTs-12: That's what you kept muttering to yourself after you came out from the last test... I was just repeating it.

OTs-12: So, you won't have to do this again, right?

Stechkin nods.

OTs-12: Good. It doesn't feel right when we're missing a teammate.

OTs-12: Also, I need to tell you about something urgent.

Stechkin walks up to OTs-12, whose blue eyes are gleaming with nothing but mirth.
Part 2

2

...Afternoon.

In a hallway inside the Griffin base.

Stechkin: Something urgent? What's so urgent you have to wait for a Doll to come out of detention?

OTs-12: You have the nerve to complain?

OTs-12: Then why did you sell our supplies in the first place?

Stechkin: Because it's profitable, simple as that.

OTs-12: You...!

OTs-12 eyes are still cheerful, though they are now tinged with with exasperation.

OTs-12: You're always going on about personal savings. Just stop buying random crap, then you'll have your savings.

Stechkin: What's the point in saving up if I can't buy things?

Stechkin: Besides, shopping is my only hobby. You know that.

OTs-12: But you can't just steal supplies from the base and sell them...

OTs-12: Good thing it was only some food and small furniture, so the Commander only put you in detention for a few days because of your good service record...

Stechkin: I wish it was just simple detention.

Stechkin rolls her eyes to stop OTs-12's long-winded lecture.

Stechkin: You wouldn't be able to stand it either if you were also forced to answer a bunch of random questions asked by some random machine every time you come back from a mission.

Stechkin: I'm a Griffin warrior, of course I'll always fight for Griffin, it's just... You know...

Stechkin's voice trails off.

OTs-12 lets out a sigh. She puts an arm over Stechkin's shoulders and gently guides her out of the building.

OTs-12: Just apologize to the Commander and admit you were wrong.

Stechkin: I know I shouldn't have stolen the supplies...

Stechkin: And I deserved to be punished for my mistake, but don't expect me to relish the process.

OTs-12: The Commander apparently isn't going to take any other disciplinary action against you.

OTs-12: We all tried our best to plead for leniency, not to mention you've made great contributions in battles...

Stechkin: Contributions, contributions, just give me a break... I told you, I'm a Griffin warrior, that's the only reason why...

Stechkin: It's exactly why I was only locked up for a few days.

Stechkin: They've apparently built a protocol that forces me to “put Griffin's survival above all else” into my neural cloud. This protocol even butted in while I was taking the baseline test and spoke on my behalf...

OTs-12: Huh? But don't you care about Griffin's survival?

Stechkin: Of course I do! I wouldn't be staying here if I didn't care about Griffin.

Stechkin: But I could've said it without being coerced by some kind of defense mechanism.

OTs-12: Huh? That doesn't add up...

OTs-12: You say you care about the Griffin, yet you still went and stole our supplies.

OTs-12: I don't think it's unreasonable for them to give you an additional protocol...

Stechkin shrugs off OTs-12's arm and strides angrily away.

OTs-12: Hey, wait up!

OTs-12: Look, I don't want to argue... So what are you planning to do now?

Stechkin stops in her tracks and lets OTs-12 link arms with her again.

Stechkin: What am I planning to do? Save up, of course. I'm planning to save up lots and lots of money.

OTs-12: Oh boy. Y-you aren't going to steal more stuff, are you?

Stechkin rolls her eyes dramatically.

Stechkin: If anything's keeping you from getting more assignments, it's your poor comprehension skills.

Stechkin: It was wrong to steal, didn't I just admit that?

Stechkin: I won't make and be punished for the same mistake twice.

OTs-12: Then...?

Stechkin: From now on, I'm going to work hard and save up, but not just so I can go shopping.

Stechkin: I must first get myself a neural upgrade, then I'll get rid of the protocol that they forced onto me.

OTs-12: N-neural upgrade? But that costs a fortune!

Stechkin: Exactly. This is a huge endeavor that will take some proper planning...

OTs-12: I personally don't think the protocol matters all that much.

Stechkin: It does matter!

Stechkin: I don't...want someone or something to make such decisions for me...

Stechkin: Am I not even entitled to making such basic choices?

Stechkin: Even if I have a history of misdemeanors, I still want to be myself.

OTs-12 stares at Stechkin with great concern.

Stechkin: You don't understand, do you? You dork...

Stechkin: Let me put it this way – if I were equipped with a self-destruct protocol, and the safety of the base were compromised...

Stechkin: I would want to activate the self-destruct protocol myself, out of my own free will, and not because of some ridiculous Laws of Robotics.

OTs-12: I see... But I do hope it'll never come to that, especially not when we're in the same squad.

Stechkin: Don't worry, even if it really comes to that, I'll warn you well ahead of time. I don't want you to be anywhere near me when I explode.

Stechkin: If you're damaged in the explosion, your repair expenses will most definitely be on my head.

Stechkin: Hm...I think I'll signal you by saying something I obviously don't mean...

OTs-12 nods thoughtfully.

OTs-12: But...

OTs-12: You're always saying things you don't mean. Sometimes I can't even tell if you're being serious or not...

Stechkin lets out a chuckle.

Stechkin: Ha, nonsense. I'm always dead serious when I need to be.

Stechkin: Right, we've gone off on a huge tangent. You said you had something urgent to discuss. What is it?

Stechkin turns to look at OTs-12, whose eyes are still brimming with good cheer.

OTs-12: I believe you'll find this good news.

OTs-12: The Commander is sending the two of us on a secret mission. We're leaving tonight.

Stechkin: Good news? Secret mission?

OTs-12: That's right! According to the Commander, it's quite a dangerous mission, but the pay will be commensurate with the level of difficulty.

OTs-12: With our compatibility on the battlefield, you and I are the perfect candidates for this mission!

OTs-12: This can kick-start your grand saving plan. Everything will be fine!
Part 3

3

...That night.

In the corner of a deserted street.

Stechkin and OTs-12 lie in wait in the shadows, keeping a watchful eye on their surroundings.

Stechkin: See that? That pillar behind the shrubbery at 2 o'clock is their sensor. If we enter within its scanning range, we'll trigger the alarm.

OTs-12: I spotted another one at 9 o'clock!

OTs-12: These sensors seem to be spread out around the perimeter of their outpost.

Stechkin: You're right. It's going to be a bit tricky, but we now have the analysis of the recon data that we've collected...

Line after line of codes flash on the tactical tablet in Stechkin's hand.

She then connects her own sensor to the tablet and gestures to OTs-12.

Stechkin: Set up a connection yourself. Good thing I had the foresight to bring a signal masker along.

Stechkin: You've also noticed, haven't you? The base that we're about to infiltrate...

OTs-12 nods solemnly.

OTs-12: Da, it's Sangvis Ferri.

OTs-12: I thought we'd already rooted out all the S.F. in this area, but this must've slipped through our purge.

Stechkin: 98%... Great, this should do the trick.

Stechkin: According to the topographical reconstruction, there's a large holographic rock behind the garage. Judging by the shape, it is most definitely their storage unit.

Stechkin: I can't read the supply crate from this distance, so we'll have to get closer for a better scan.

Stechkin: Watch for my signal and advance according to the plotted route. I'll cover you.

Stechkin gives OTs-12 these instructions in a hushed voice.

With their signals camouflaged, the duo successfully slip past the Sangvis sensors without being intercepted by the enemy.

OTs-12 feels her way to the side of the garage and creeps toward the corner. Then she incapacitates a dinergate near the holographic rock with an electric shock.

OTs-12: All clear. Follow me.

Stechkin: Copy that.

By the time Stechkin catches up, OTs-12 has already finished scanning the storage unit.

Stechkin casts a routine glance at the display of OTs-12's scanner. Her eyes widen almost imperceptibly.

OTs-12: It's a match. The lost supplies that we're after are all in this storage unit.

OTs-12: Stechkin, your saving plan seems to be getting off to a good start!

Stechkin: Why are you so excited? You don't usually talk this much on missions.

OTs-12: Well, this time...

Stechkin: Right, leave that till we're safely back in the base. Start cracking the code. I'll watch your back.

OTs-12 gives a swift nod and starts unlocking the storage unit.

Click.

Beep beep...

The soft digital blips are swept up by the night breeze, but there is suddenly an ominous sense of disquiet in the air.

Stechkin: Wait!

Pzzzzzt!

The sensors in OTs-12's hand starts crackling. With an explosion, a large cloud of smoke billows out from the rock.

Stechkin manages to drag OTs-12 behind herself just in time.

Ka-chak.

The duo brace themselves for an attack from directly ahead and find a pair of fluorite green eyes staring back at them.

Stechkin: You knew we were here?!

Hunter: A true hunter knows the importance of remaining silent.

Hunter: Only stupid prey like you would hop so eagerly into a trap.

Stechkin: Tsk. This Dummy hasn't forgotten her pretentious lines.

Bang bang! Bang bang bang...

Not wanting to waste her breath talking to Hunter, Stechkin opens fire without warning.

OTs-12 matches her pace and also starts attacking Hunter.

Stechkin: Tiss, retreat!

Stechkin barks out a command, but to her surprise, OTs-12 neither breaks off her attack nor shows any sign of wanting to retreat.

Instead...she presses on with all her might. Though her shots barely deal any meaningful damage to Hunter, she still manages to force open a path to her side.

Boom!

As more smoke begins to spread, OTs-12 takes off with Stechkin in tow.

Once behind cover, her neural cloud whirs into action and starts formulating a battle plan.

OTs-12: Stechkin, go and—

Stechkin slaps OTs-12's hand away and glares angrily at her while she reloads.

Stechkin: What the hell was that? Why didn't you do as I said?!

OTs-12: The reward for this mission is too good to pass up. I've got to stay...

OTs-12: It'll be a lot riskier if we retreat together, Stechkin, so you go on first! I'll cover you!

OTs-12: Luckily, this is just one of Hunter's Dummies. I should be able to handle her. I have a secret weapon up my sleeve...

Stechkin pauses for a moment.

Stechkin: What secret weapon? You think you can beat it on your own? Don't be stupid!

Stechkin: Even if it's just a Dummy, it's still a Dummy of the most adept pursuer in Sangvis Ferri!

Stechkin: You're going to stay behind? Do you want to be shredded alive?!

OTs-12: But these supplies!

Stechkin: I saw the designation on your scanner. These...

Stechkin: ...Are the supplies that I stole and sold to the black market before. That's why...change of plans! Abort the mission and retreat at once!

Stechkin: I'll just pay Kalina back in full when we get back!

OTs-12: N-no...

Stechkin: Do you have a death wish?!

Bang bang bang!

Their cover is just a piece of rubble and will soon succumb to Hunter's barrage.

OTs-12 sets her jaw grimly and concentrates on returning fire. Stechkin rarely sees her so resolved.

OTs-12: I don't know if you still remember that one recon mission. We were also pinned down by S.F.

Bang bang!

Stechkin gives no reply, but OTs-12 isn't expecting one and just carries on.

OTs-12: You covered my escape, and when our follow-up units brought you back to the base afterwards, you left hand was completely shattered.

Stechkin: I don't remember that. Even if it did happen, I did it for the bonus of keeping all team members alive, not for you.

OTs-12: I know, I know you did it for the bonus...

OTs-12: But I don't care. The simple fact is that you did save me, and I don't want to owe you any favors.

Stechkin: Does that really matter?

OTs-12: Yes, it does to me...

OTs-12: As your teammate, I have to find a way to repay you...

OTs-12: If I am to perish at the hands of Hunter right here, then that's our score settled, and I won't owe you anything.

Bang bang!

Bang bang bang...

Stechkin does not reply. She just focuses on clearing out the troopers that are pouring out to flank them.

OTs-12: I'm sorry, Stechkin. I seem to have caused a setback in your plan to save up...

OTs-12: If I manage to return with the supplies, you can have the whole sum of the reward.

OTs-12: After all, I seldom get a chance to do something for my friend...

Bang!

Another lunging dinergate collapses at Stechkin's feet.

Stechkin takes out a small brick of explosives from her backpack and places it right next to OTs-12.

Stechkin: Alright... Then as you wish, you don't owe me a thing.

As OTs-12 bears the brunt of Hunter's assault all by herself, Stechkin finds an opening and slips out of the enemies' range.

OTs-12: That's good...

OTs-12: This is...as it should be...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

Bang!

One of Hunter's bullets pierces through OTs-12's left arm. She stumbles, and Hunter already has the barrel of her gun planted right against OTs-12's temple.

Hunter: I did not expect a trash-tier model like you to last this long.

Hunter: But surely you must have reached your limit.

OTs-12 fumbles weakly behind her with her arm.

Bang!

Boom!

The small grenade is shot out of her hand before she can even activate it. The explosion sends OTs-12 flying.

OTs-12: Back then...what did Stechkin do?

OTs-12: I really should've installed the self-destruct protocol that she mentioned this afternoon...

Some kind of background noise is carried along by the wind, but OTs-12 can no longer be sure if it is caused by the signal interference in her own program or something else.

OTs-12: I suppose I really am at my limit...

Footsteps.

Why can I hear footsteps?

Is it my imagination? Or...have Sangvis reinforcements arrived...?

BOOM!

An explosion goes off not far away.

Hunter's face darkens as she turns toward the sound.

More footsteps.

It sounds like someone is walking over broken tiles and smashed timber.

OTs-12 musters the strength to raise her head...

Stechkin: Tiss, you absolute idiot! Moron! You can blow up your neural cloud all you want! I...I hate you!

OTs-12 is so taken aback she stops hearing the wind altogether.

Hunter frowns and studies the confident-looking Doll standing in front of her.

Hunter: The prey that slipped away just now? I didn't expect you to return.

Stechkin: Hunter, how about a deal?

Hunter: What have you done?

Stechkin: I blew up the storage unit with the holographic camouflage. I also planted some explosives in your other supply stash.

Hunter: So?

Stechkin waves to show the detonator in her hand.

Stechkin: If you're okay with losing all your precious supplies, then go ahead and put a hole through her little head.

Stechkin: Or...you can let her go AND pick up your leftover Sangvis parts.

Hunter: And why would I make such a deal with you?

Stechkin: You're not stupid, surely you understand.

Stechkin: Our reinforcements will arrive any minute. You kill us, Griffin will wipe you out and spare no one. Is that worth it?

Stechkin: But if you release us, nobody will come and give you any more trouble.

Stechkin: We are negotiating on equal footing here, that should be quite obvious to you.

The wind blows on as Hunter scrutinizes Stechkin with her topaz eyes.

A brief moment later, she moves her barrel away from OTs-12's head.

Hunter: Throw away your detonator and scram.

Hunter: I won't let you off the hook next time, prey.

...Late into the night.

On the way back to the Griffin base.

Stechkin helps support OTs-12's weight as they walk wordlessly back to the base.

OTs-12 finds herself studying Stechkin's profile, but Stechkin's expression is obscured by the dark.

OTs-12: Stechkin...

Stechkin continues to stare straight ahead, but she slows down her pace considerably.

OTs-12: How did you know Hunter would let me go?

OTs-12: I mean... If she'd killed us both and withdrew immediately, Griffin's reinforcements wouldn't get to her in time, would they?

OTs-12: No, wait. Why...why did you come back anyway? You even set so many explosives...

Stechkin: What's going on? You don't usually talk so much. Have you been saving it all up for now?

OTs-12: I...

Stechkin: I didn't know if Hunter would actually let you go. There were never any “Griffin reinforcements”. I didn't plant any explosives either. It was just a bluff.

OTs-12: Huh?! But wouldn't she realize you tricked her once she checked the area?

Stechkin: Hunter has always been very cautious, even though that was only her Dummy.

Stechkin: I'm guessing they'll probably waste no time in switching locations.

Stechkin: After all...I did actually blow up the storage unit. Sure, I did not plant any more explosives, but she has no way of verifying the existence of Griffin's reinforcements.

OTs-12: S-so it was all a big gamble?!

OTs-12: If she hadn't bought it, she'd have captured you as well!

Stechkin: Not likely.

Stechkin: I said I didn't plant any explosives, but I never said the explosives didn't exist.

OTs-12: What?

Stechkin: I don't have too many. I gave you some, and the rest...

Stechkin lifts up one side of her coat.

Stechkin: The rest are just enough for this.

OTs-12 catches a glimpse of what lies beneath Stechkin's coat and lets out a horrified yelp.

OTs-12: You...!

OTs-12: Oh no, the detonator! Hunter made you leave it behind!

Stechkin: Relax, I deactivated it. It won't trigger any explosions.

Stechkin: So you don't have to worry about me getting blown high sky all of a sudden..

Now that Stechkin is done explaining the situation, the duo lapse into silence again.

After a long while, OTs-12 suddenly bursts out laughing.

Stechkin: What? Is your voice control malfunctioning?

OTs-12: Stechkin... So THAT was your signal...

OTs-12: For your “self-destruct protocol”...?

Stechkin: What are you talking about? I told you it would be something I obviously didn't mean, didn't I?

OTs-12: You did! Back then, you said...you hated me!

Stechkin: Hey, I actually meant that. It's not like I'm never honest.

OTs-12: Heheh, really?

OTs-12: They why did you risk the entire mission just to save me?

Stechkin: Because they put that stupid “place Griffin's survival above all else” protocol inside my neural cloud.

Stechkin: I simply can't leave a Griffin Doll for dead and run away myself.

Stechkin pauses briefly.

Stechkin: I didn't do it for you. Now we really don't owe each other anything.

OTs-12: Oh? you think so?

Stechkin: Of course. You're dumb, you've got bad comprehension skills, and you never talk about your troubles. You lie about having a “secret weapon” and you only know how to do as you're told in battle.

Stechkin: No wait, you didn't do that this time.

OTs-12: Heheh... From now on, I really have a “secret weapon”.

Stechkin: Hm? What would that be? Anyway, you're a massive pain in the ass. I hate you, Tiss.

OTs-12: I know, I know. I love you too.

Stechkin: What are you talking about...? I said I hate you, Tiss.

OTs-12: Yep, I love you too!

Stechkin: ...I really, really hate you, Tiss.

OTs-12: Alright, alright, I really, really love you too, Stechkin.♪

...The next day. Griffin base.

In the command room.

Stechkin stares at the document lying on the desk, completely exasperated.

Stechkin: Commander, I don't get it.

Commander: Hm? Is there a problem?

Stechkin: Multiple problems. I don't even know where to start...

Stechkin: Okay, first of all, you know I've ruined my own service record. I also failed to complete the mission of recovering the supplies. So why do I get a neural upgrade?

Commander: Oh... Well...because you're an important asset to Griffin.

Stechkin: What kind of explanation is that...?

Stechkin: Whatever. Moving on... Why did you install the neural upgrade while I was asleep without asking me first?!

Commander: Hm... Uh...because it's just easier...

Stechkin glares at the Commander helplessly.

Stechkin: You're always so freaking presumptuous! You and Tiss, both of you...

Commander: Speaking of OTs-12, her arm has been fully repaired. You can check on her anytime.

Commander: Thanks to your intel, we've dispatched troops to clean up those Sangvis remnants.

Commander: As for the botched mission... I believe you've more than made up for it.

Commander: Oh, by the way, OTs-12 is footing the bill for your neural upgrade.

Stechkin freezes for a second before she grins.

Stechkin: Fine. At least I can now get rid of that damn protocol and make money my top priority again.

Commander: You can't pass the safety test like that.

Stechkin: You don't have to worry about that.

Stechkin: Thanks to you, I am now bound to Tiss because of my debt. This kind of financial obligation is much more binding than any coercive programming.

Commander: For some reason, hearing you say that makes me feel kind of sorry for myself...

Commander: Stechkin, you ARE loyal to Griffin, right?! Right?!

Stechkin chuckles, her eyes as mischievous as OTs-12's.

Stechkin: Of course. Just keep your eyes peeled and I will prove myself, my dear Commander.