M1911: Ahem. Silence, silence!

Ingram: ...What the hell are you doing? You think you're a judge or something?

M9: That's just how secret meetings go, Ingram!

Ingram: So why am I even a part of this, anyway?

M1911: How can you say that...? You're one of SASS' seniors, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.

Ingram: You're the ones who should be ashamed, you know? Who was it that woke me up so early this morning?!

M9: Ahem... So, what caused this change in SASS?

Ingram: Don't change the subject!

...

...In the Griffin dorms.

It is a peaceful morning with lovely weather and no combat missions.

Ingram is enjoying a rare chance to get some sleep. Unfortunately, the argument of a pair of Dolls puts an end to this wonderful stretch of time.

M9's Voice: Muah! Ha! Ha! Ha!

M9's Voice: I expected nothing less of the rival to my dazzling self, M1911! Today we shall decide who gets to be the Commander's closest confidant once and for all!

Ingram: ...

M1911's Voice: But the truth is staring you in the face, is it not? Nobody can cut the bond of love between me and Darling.

Ingram: (Groans)

M9's Voice: Humph, as an old model, you won't be smug for long. Take this!

Ingram: (More groaning)

M1911's Voice: You've left me with no choice; today I shall show you who the true winner is!

Ingram: SHUT THE HELL UP!

Unable to take it anymore, Ingram sits up, and sees her two unreliable teammates engaging in CQC on the bed with pillows.

The pillows' feather stuffing has spewed out and gotten everywhere.

Ingram: What the hell are you doing?!

Ingram: Huh? Well, as you can see, we're having a pillow fight.

Ingram: A pillow fight?

M9: Well, we have the day off and Miss Thompson isn't around, so obviously I'm going to take this opportunity to have a showdown with my archenemy!

M9: This is a battle that will deepen my relationship with the Commander. Go back to sleep, Ingram, no need to worry about us.

Ingram: Worry?

Ingram: Hehehe, looks like you don't understand the price of disturbing a Doll's dreams.

M1911: Ingram?

Ingram: Now rest in peace!

Ingram grabs the pillow beside her and throws it at M1911 and M9.

The two Dolls dodge it, and the pillow instead strikes Thompson, who has just stepped in from outside, square in the face.

Ingram: Oh...

Thompson: Someone seems to be full of energy this morning, Ingram.

Ingram: No wait, it was these two...eh?!

As Ingram tries to point out the two instigators, she realizes that they are already lying on their beds, feigning sleep.

Ingram: Why do I have the sudden urge to kill someone...?

Thompson: Save the screwing around for later. Right now, you need to give SASS some time.

Ingram: SASS?

It is then that Ingram notices SASS, who's standing behind Thompson.

Thompson: I hope you'll carefully consider what we talked about today.

Super SASS: ...Uh, sure.

Thompson: We'll leave it at that, then. I'll be doing some things with the Boss over the next few days, so don't mess up our turf, or else...

Ingram: Got it.

Ingram: ...

After making sure that Thompson has left the dorm, M1911 and M9 suddenly wake up from where they've been playing dead.

M9: SASS, what happened?

M1911: Did you run into some kind of trouble?

Ingram: Oi, aren't we going to talk about the stunt you two pulled just now?!

M9: Huh? What just happened?

Ingram: You...! I...!

M1911: There, there, Ingram, put the gun down.

M1911: More importantly, we should be focusing on SASS, right?

Ingram: (Sighs) I'll remember this...

Ingram: So, what happened to you, SASS?

Super SASS: It-it's nothing!

Super SASS: I'm just a little tired, I should be okay once I get a little rest, sorry...

SASS does look very tired. She brushes past her seniors and flops down on her feather-covered bed.

Even Ingram notices the vacant look in SASS' eyes, as though she's had her neural cloud extracted.

...

Ingram: So, what conclusions has this secret meeting reached?

M1911: Isn't it obvious? SASS...

M9: Has no personality!

Ingram: ...Say what?

M1911: Haven't you realized it yet? When she was a rookie on our squad, SASS was hardworking, motivated, and very skilled to boot...

M9: And very cute!

Ingram: Isn't all this good?

M1911: It's a huge problem!

M1911: Haven't you heard of "that rumor"?

Ingram: What rumor?

M9: Since she's such a good seed, Miss Thompson wants to raise her into being a Doll like herself.

M9: In other words, she'll probably become "like that"—

...

Super SASS: Ingram, Miss Ingram?

Super SASS: What have I done to make you disrespect me so?

Ingram: Wait a minute, why are you using me as an example?!

M9's Voice: That way, it'll be easier for you to understand~

Super SASS: Please treat me the way you should a senior.

Super SASS: That way, the enemies of honest people like you will also be my enemies...

Ingram: Ugh... Why do I feel so pissed off...

M1911: Something like that!

M9: It sounds really scary no matter how you think about it, right?

Ingram: It all seems a little...

M1911: That's why it's time for us to act now!

M9: It's time!

Ingram: Things must be really serious if even rivals like you two are both singing the same tune.

Ingram: But what do you plan to do about it?

M1911: Easy! All we need to do is raise up SASS with a personality that works more to our advantage before Thompson beats us to it!

M9: Yup, we'll raise her with a personality that's "perfect" for us!

M9: This way, SASS won't become someone as strict as Miss Thompson!

Ingram: ...So basically you're just scared of Thompson, aren't you?

M1911: Yup! Let's do our best!

M9: Let's do our best!

M1911: Come on, Ingram, you too!

Ingram: Let-let's do our best...
Part 2

2

...In the Griffin dorms.

Super SASS: Um...

Super SASS: So what exactly did you mean when you said we were going to do special training all of a sudden? Shouldn't we be heading over to the training ground?

Ingram: Ah, well, about that...

M9: Hehe, we're having special special training today!

Super SASS: Special...special training?

M1911: SASS!

Super SASS: Y-yes, ma'am?!

M1911: Don't you feel like you've got a long way to go before you can catch up to your seniors?

Super SASS: Er, yes, I know I'm lacking in many aspects...

M1911: Just being aware of your shortcomings isn't enough. Don't you understand what the cause is?

Super SASS: Eh?! Did I miss something somewhere?!

M9: You need spirit, girl, spirit!

M1911: Humans unleash their potential through spirit. Similarly, your body's attributes are limited because your spirit isn't properly trained. That's why your progress is slow, don't you think?

Super SASS: ...That-that kind of makes sense.

M9: I'm sure you'll be able to become even more dazzling if you make a breakthrough on the spiritual level.

M9: Want to try it, my dear cute SASS?

Super SASS: As-as long as it means I'll be able to catch up with my seniors!

Ingram: ...So the Commander is harassed by these two every day?

Super SASS: I'd like to try, but what should I do?

M1911: Let's start with some simple logic.

M1911: That is to say, what you should do, and what you shouldn't do.

Super SASS: In other words, with a code of conduct?

Super SASS: I'll do my best to pick it up!

M1911: Hehe, since you're ready for this, let's start with a question—

M1911: If you do something wrong and Miss Thompson catches you, what should you do?

Super SASS: W-well, uh... I guess I should admit my mistakes and do my best to change?

M9: Wrong! You should make sure Thompson doesn't catch you and cover things up!

Super SASS: Ehhh?!

M9: If you only have four desserts and you need to distribute them among five people, what should you do?

Super SASS: Er, I could give my share to my seniors...

M1911: No, you should let the Commander see how hard we're struggling, so we'll get a pay rise!

Super SASS: Ehhhhhh—?!

M1911: Do you understand the logic at work here?

Super SASS: B-but...

M9: It's the key to becoming more popular, like us!

Super SASS: P-please let me absorb all of this...

Ingram: Wait a minute, why are you teaching SASS all this gritty stuff?

M1911: What do you mean? This is the best way to help SASS emerge from her ivory tower~

M9: SASS will only grow in a dazzling way once we change her worldview, her values, and her outlook on life!

Ingram: Are you devils or something?

M1911: But you have a point. We shouldn't make SASS absorb such complicated lessons right off the bat. In that case, let's start with something simple!

Super SASS: Ugh...

M1911: Consider this; what do you think is "destiny"?

Super SASS: Er... Safeguarding humanity as a Tactical Doll?

M1911: Obviously it would be how I'm destined to be with Darling!

M1911: If nothing else, you must burn that fact into your neural cloud!

Super SASS: I-I will!

M9: Hold it!

M9: Are you trying to push your views on others, you old hag?!

M1911: Denying it would be pushing YOUR views!

M9: In that case, SASS!

Super SASS: Yes, Miss M9?!

M9: You see how I've got so many cute accessories on me?

Super SASS: Y-yes, I see them.

M9: These are all little gifts from the Commander, who's in love with me!

M9: Being the queen of popularity means being able to enthrall even the Commander, so don't you forget it!

Super SASS: I... I...

M9: DON'T! YOU! FORGET! IT!

Super SASS: Er, yes! Understood!

M1911: Remember, SASS!

M1911: There's no way Darling would like a Doll who has to pad her breasts!

Super SASS: Ah, er...

M9: SASS! Remember that a certain thunder-thighed hag keeps pestering my Commander! Got it?

Super SASS: B-but...!

M1911: You padded chest bimbo!

M9: You thunder-thighed freak!

Ingram: Oi! Cut out the feud. SASS' head is starting to give off smoke!

M1911: This isn't a feud, this is a bottom line that I won't let anyone cross!

M9: A bottom line, is it? Then let's ask SASS who she thinks the Commander's one and only is!

Super SASS: Eh? Me?!

M1911: SASS!

M9: SASS!!

Super SASS: Ahaha...hahahaha...

Super SASS: I-I get it now, since both of you want the Commander to yourselves, then I'd suggest finding a way to cut the Commander in half.

M9: Er... SASS?

Super SASS: At-at the very least, I should live up to my seniors' expectations. Please give me a bit, I have to go find a saw.

M1911: Wait a minute, that's not what we meant!

Super SASS: Don't worry, I think I've fully absorbed your teachings, and with a saw it should be over pretty soon~!

M9: Ingram! Quick! Stop her!

Ingram: Much as I'd like to help you...

Ingram: But... hehehehe, this SASS is very much to my liking. Don't you think she's perfect?

M1911 & M9: Like hell she is!!!
Part 3

3

...

Perhaps I'm as far from my seniors...as the earth is from the heavens.

Anxious Voice: S...

Anxious Voice: SASS!

...Perhaps I'll never be able to catch up with them.

Anxious Voice: SASS—!

Super SASS: Huh?

...On the frontlines.

M1911: SASS, S.F. is mounting a counter-charge, we need fire support!

Ingram: Hehehehe, isn't this the perfect opportunity to wipe them all out in one fell swoop?

M9: Like hell it is! (Whimpers) My makeup's all messed up.

Thompson: SASS, how are things on your end?

Super SASS: Sorry, I'm still a little dizzy.

Thompson: What's your status?

Super SASS: ...No obvious external injuries, but...but my fire control system isn't very stable.

Thompson: I know that last shell landed very close to you, but this is a critical phase of the battle. Hang in there!

Super SASS: Yes, ma'am!

Thompson: Pay attention to the region ahead of our defense perimeter, and do what you ought to!

Super SASS: Yes...I need to focus...

Bang—!

Super SASS: ...

Bang—!

M1911: Got it... One down!

Thompson: Carry on!

Super SASS: ...

Bang—!

Bang—!

Bang—!

Super SASS: W-what's wrong? Don't tell me my fire control system is...?

M9: Wow, looks like SASS' shots all went wide.

Thompson: SASS, is the damage to your fire control system severe?

Super SASS: Yes... I'm sorry, I may need to re-calibrate...

Thompson: No, we don't have the time for that... Everyone, fall back!

Super SASS: B-but...!

Thompson: Don't be too short-sighted, SASS. What we lose now, we can make up later.

Ingram: Ah~ What a shame we couldn't slaughter them all.

M1911: Save that sort of thing for later.

M9: W-wait for me!

Super SASS: ...

Thompson: SASS, fall back from your position. We'll meet up at the rendezvous point.

Super SASS: ...Yes, at once!

Thompson: Also, we need to have a chat sometime.

Super SASS: ...

Super SASS: ...Right.

M9: Did SASS malfunction?

M1911: ...I don't know.

Super SASS: ...

Super SASS: ...I'm sorry.

M9: So... Is there any hope for her?

Ingram: Don't talk like she had a neural cloud meltdown.

Super SASS: Ugh...

M1911: Wait a minute, I think she's back!

Super SASS: Miss M1911...?

M9: SASS, are you alright?!

Super SASS: Yeah, I think my processor overloaded a little just now, ahahaha...

M9: It was our fault for pushing you too hard, we're sorry!

Super SASS: No... It's an honor to be able to work hard to meet my seniors' expectations~

Ingram: Honestly, SASS is perfectly fine as she is, shouldn't you be happy with that?

M1911: Yeah... Though I have to say, our plan was a failure.

Super SASS: Your plan?

M9: A-actually...

...

...

Super SASS: Er... You were worried I'd end up like Miss Thompson, so you decided to make the first move?

M9: Didn't Miss Thompson talk with you this morning? That's why we thought the rumor must have been true.

Super SASS: Oh, no, she actually wanted to talk to me about upgrading my neural cloud.

Ingram: A neural upgrade? So the Commander already decided on it?

M9: What the heck, so it was a neural upgrade...

M9: Wait a minute, if SASS gets a neural upgrade, she'll become more popular than me! I'm so jelly!

Super SASS: No... Rather, I think that I'm the only one here who doesn't deserve that upgrade.

M1911: Nonsense, since Darling decided on it, that means your abilities have been recognized!

Super SASS: But we failed the previous mission because I couldn't provide adequate support.

Super SASS: So I think that I, as a newcomer who can't do anything right, shouldn't receive a neural cloud upgrade!

M9: Well, if you're talking about the previous mission...

M9: Didn't we fail because the S.F. offensive was too strong?

Super SASS: Huh?

Ingram: When you get down to it, we would definitely have steamrolled the opposition if M1911 and M9 hadn't exposed our positions ahead of time.

M1911: How come it's suddenly our fault?!

Ingram: And it's not like this is the first time this sort of thing has happened...

Ingram: Also, your fire control system was damaged by a shell back then, right?

Ingram: The fact that you still tried giving us cover even under those conditions is proof that you've worked very hard.

Super SASS: Miss Ingram...!

M9: Hey, I was going to say that too!

Super SASS: ...

M1911: Now why have you gone quiet all of a sudden?

M9: Are you still not fully recovered? Should I fetch Miss Kalina?

Super SASS: Oh, I'm fine.

Super SASS: ...It just occurred to me that if I keep thinking of myself as a rookie, I'll never be able to catch up to my seniors.

Super SASS: And in the end I realized I began backsliding because I was too timid...

Ingram: So you were under that kind of pressure?

Super SASS: Well, it wasn't just for myself, but also because I have to pay back everything you've done for me.

Super SASS: I'll have to take this step forward, no matter what!

M1911: ...

M1911: SASS, you really are...

Super SASS: Huh?

M9: ...An angel!

Super SASS: Whoa! M-Miss M9, why are you hugging me all of a sudden?!

Ingram: What you said wasn't particularly emotional, but you did manage to move M9 and M1911.

M1911: It's only M9, look at how she's plastered to SASS.

M9: Well, since you've made up your mind, let's give you a hand, SASS!

Ingram: With what?

M1911: We're going to help SASS face the impossible with more courage!

M1911: Hehe, I'm pretty experienced when it comes to neural upgrades, you know!

Super SASS: Ah, you don't have to...

M9: Aw, come on, SASS, let's go back to the room and do this and that!

M1911: Yeah, come on!

Super SASS: Eh, but then...

Super SASS: W-wait, help me, Miss Ingram—!!!

Ingram: ...

Ingram: I guess I'll pretend I didn't see anything.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...In the Griffin dorms.

It's another morning, and the Dolls chattering in the dorm enjoy the camaraderie in the air.

Meanwhile, the members of Squad Thompson, who have returned early, are preparing to welcome a brand new SASS after she has undergone her neural upgrade.

M9: (What should we do? What's SASS going to look like?)

M1911: (How should I know?)

Ingram: (In any case, it's going to be the result of all your "hard work and effort".)

Thompson: What's the matter? You all seem pretty tense, no?

M9: N-no, not at all!

M1911: Ah, we didn't expect you to be back so early, ma'am...

Thompson: "Ma'am"?

M1911: Please don't mind the small details!

Ingram: ...

Thompson: But yeah, there's a reason why I came back so early. Something came up with the Boss.

M9: The Commander?! What happened to the Commander?!

M1911: Did something happen to Darling?!

Thompson: Well, it's not a big deal.

Thompson: Recently the Boss has been feeling a chill down their spine, as though someone wanted to kill them.

Ingram: Ah...

M9: Huh? R-really?

M1911: N-now that's a really strange feeling to have, ahahaha...!

Thompson: Also I don't know if it's rubbing off on me, but even I started feeling the same way too...

M9: (Ehhh?!)

Ingram: (I have a bad feeling about this...)

M1911: (Hey, quit scaring yourself!)

Thompson: What the hell are you lot playing at?

Super SASS: I'm back!

M9: Welcome back, SASS~!

M9: Huh? Is it me, or are you taller now?

M1911: How do you feel, SASS? Do you feel strange anywhere?

Super SASS: No, not at all... I feel pretty good!

Ingram: Thank goodness... You don't look any different from normal.

Thompson: Looks like the upgrade went very well, SASS.

Super SASS: ...

Super SASS: What are you doing here, Leader?

Thompson: I came back earlier than expected. What's the matter?

Super SASS: Oh, it's nothing, I was just eager to show my seniors the results of my special special training~!

Thompson: Special special training?

Super SASS: It means I need to challenge you, Miss Thompson! I'll be able to make my seniors happy if I can replace you as the new team leader!

Thompson: ...Oho? And is this the "special special training" that your seniors gave you?

Ingram: We're doomed...

M1911: S-SASS! Looks like your neural cloud is still a little confused after your freshly completed neural upgrade, hahaha!

M9: Y-yeah, come come come, let's go get some rest, you won't talk any more nonsense once you have a proper rest.

Thompson: Hold it right there.

M9: ...Eeep!

Thompson: ...

Super SASS: ...

Thompson: SASS, were you serious about what you said just now?

Super SASS: Yes. Perhaps I might have doubted myself in the past, but not anymore!

Super SASS: If I say I can do it, then I will! The only way to live up to my seniors' expectations is to get stronger! That's what I firmly believe!

Thompson: I see.

Super SASS: Is-is that weird?

Thompson: Not really.

Thompson: Rather, I must say that it gladdens me to see how you've managed to overcome your flaws and bravely set foot upon this path, hahahaha!

M1911: Right right right, that's the result of our special special training, hahahaha!

M9: Ah, ahahahahaha—!

Ingram: ...Now whose neural cloud is confused?

Thompson: Do you find this funny? Do you think I'm a joke?

M1911: Eeeeek—!

Thompson: SASS, Since you just finished your upgrade, make sure you take it easy for now.

Thompson: But don't worry, I'll teach you how to improve yourself so you can become team leader - all in good time.

Super SASS: I see... Got it.

Thompson: Now, as for you three...

Ingram: I knew it, it's going to be punishment...

Ingram: Wait a minute, "you three"?!

M1911: What do you think? You're part of this too!

M9: Are you trying to run away when you should be sticking with us through thick and thin?!

Ingram: Ehhhhh?!

Thompson: ...Perhaps I was really too busy and didn't take enough care of you. I hope you won't take it to heart.

Thompson: But what kind of seniors would you be if you couldn't keep up with SASS after she's made such a change?

Thompson: Come, we'll spend all day having a "heart to heart".

Ingram: What... Come on, I wasn't even involved in this!

SASS watches her three seniors wail as Thompson drags them out of the dorm, and her eyes flicker.

Super SASS: Looks like I'll have to keep working hard if I want to be team leader...

Super SASS: Still, I guess I should rest today.