...In a certain room within the Griffin dorms.

SV-98: Hm...

SV-98: Given the height difference here, and the fact that we're 240m above sea level, if I fired down...

SV-98 slides her finger along the touchscreen as she checks the map on the tablet in front of her.

SV-98: (Muttering to herself) That would be equivalent to roughly 850m in a straight line...

SV-98: (Copies notes) The weather forecast predicts a humidity of 60%, while the temperature is...

???: Are you doing math problems again?

SV-98: Ah, it's you, SVD...

SVD: It's just a standard patrol mission, there's no need to be so paranoid.

SVD: Even if there are enemies, they're probably nothing more than some third-rate S.F. maggots.

SV-98: We still need to prepare.

SVD leans in closer for a look.

SVD: So, what kind of preparations are you making?

SV-98: I found a few positions on the map that could be potential sniping spots.

SV-98: I need to calculate the exact distance to targets in each direction for each of those positions.

SVD: Huh~ That's pretty hardworking of you, but don't you think you're kind of wasting your effort?

SV-98: H-how can you say that?!

SV-98: You need to plan ahead in order to shoot accurately and effectively!

SVD: This battlefield has heavy vegetation and the terrain is very uneven.

SVD: While there are a lot of elevated locations that can serve as shooting platforms, there are lots of blind spots as well.

SVD: Why not wait until tomorrow and decide where to set up rather than worry yourself for nothing now?

SV-98: It's because there's so many uncertain elements about the battlefield that we need to eliminate as many of them as possible before the mission starts!

SVD: (Sighs) Why are there stubborn nerd Dolls like you...

SVD: Listen, a real elite doesn't waste her effort on pointless things like this.

SVD: For instance, I only channel my efforts in meaningful directions.

SV-98: But—

OTs-14: We've got a mission tomorrow. Have you got too much space in your neural cloud? You think it doesn't need clearing up? Is that why you still aren't going to sleep?

OTs-14: Or do I hear someone volunteering to stay up all night to wake me up tomorrow?

SV-98: L-Leader...

OTs-14: It's good that you're passionate about your mission and your work. Frankly speaking, I wasn't planning to turn in on time either.

OTs-14: But AK-47's already asleep, so if you want to discuss operational planning, would you mind taking the others into consideration as well?

SVD: That's all from me. Goodnight, my adorable little junior.

OTs-14: Are you alright? Would you like some tea? Or perhaps coffee?

SV-98: No, it's alright.

SV-98: I just feel that if you want to score a bullseye, you have to put in an appropriate amount of work.

OTs-14: Well, I don't want to see my team members overstrain themselves and end up failing to show their stuff when the time comes.

OTs-14: ...In any case, you should get some rest. There's still a lot of time until we set out tomorrow night. You can calmly work out your plans then.

SV-98: ...Roger, Leader!

SV-98: (These calculations are NOT a waste of effort!)

SV-98: (I'll prove that to everyone tomorrow!)
Part 2

2

Bullets fly through the air.

Muzzle flashes and tracer rounds are the only thing lighting up the night.

The one thing that's certain is that there are far more S.F. than anticipated.

AK-47: Yo, boss, this is really something, isn't it? Looks like we hit the jackpot!

OTs-14: Even maggots can be annoying when there are a whole bunch of them.

OTs-14: We'll retreat for now and pay them back in spades next time.

OTs-14: Did you hear that, SV-98, SVD? It's a bit earlier than expected, but we'll be falling back to the LZ now.

OTs-14: We'll use Plan B for our withdrawal route, so please cover our rears. And don't miss your chance to fall back too.

SV-98: Roger! Leave it to us!

SVD: Hehe, I couldn't ask for anything more.

SVD: A dire situation is where the elite can truly show their strength.

SV-98: The withdrawal route for Plan B is...

SV-98: Mm, we'll be able to use Location 6 to cover the entire area. Let's go!

SV-98 moves with SVD and they set up at the sniping spot, pointing their muzzles at the distant withdrawal route.

SV-98: Range is 700 meters. Wind is 40m from the west. Humidity 60%. Targeting armored S.F. units, their numbers... good.

...Bang!

SV-98: Hit target. This distance isn't a problem at all.

The sound of SV-98's shooting is almost completely muffled by the huge suppressor on her weapon.。

The number of S.F. pursuers decreases with every pull of her trigger.

OTs-14: That's the way, keep firing!

OTs-14: AK-47, this is our chance. We'll pull back now.

...Bang!

SV-98: Hit.

...Bang!

SV-98: Hit.

...Bang!

SV-98: Hit.

SV-98: (Do you see now, SVD?)

SV-98: (I can take out a S.F. unit with every shot because of elaborate planning!)

SV-98: (And with that, the units pursuing Leader and the others have all been eliminated...)

SVD: OTs, your three!

OTs-14: ...Ah, what a pain!

OTs-14: AK-47, look out! Ambush!

AK-47: Oh, this is bad, this is really bad!

OTs-14: We're being completely suppressed... Get to cover, AK-47!

OTs-14: Can we get some sniper support, SV-98?

SV-98: Huh, but how...

SV-98: I didn't calculate for that region...

SV-98: I can't target them directly! The hills are in the way!

SV-98: It'll take time for me to find and move to a new location.

SVD: Tsk. Guess you can't do without me.

SVD: I'll be back, SV-98. Stay here and keep an eye on the other directions while I'm gone!

SV-98: Huh? Wait...

SVD slides down the slope from the sniping point and sprints to the other side of the hill.

The fighting is intense, but it all takes place on the other side of the hill where SV-98 can't see.

...Before long, the sound of gunfire gradually dies down.

AK-47: We're saved~ That was close.

SVD: See that? That's the strength of the elite.

OTs-14: I don't want to admit it, but you did help us out a lot.

OTs-14: Still, now's not the time to celebrate. There's more where they came from.

OTs-14: Everyone, carry on to the evac point. You keep up too, SV-98!

SV-98: R-right!

SV-98: (I can't believe I made a mistake like that... I didn't expect S.F. troops to show up there...)

SV-98: (If not for SVD's rescue... If only I'd planned more...)

SV-98 questions herself over and over again until she gets onto the evac chopper, but she just can't find a clear answer.
Part 3

3

...At the shooting range in the Griffin base.

The sound of gunfire echoes through the range, and scalding-hot brass litters the ground.

SV-98: Hit, hit, hit...

SVD: Hey, you're the only one still practicing. Shouldn't you call it a day?

SV-98: It's not enough.

SV-98: There's too many areas I need to improve in. If we encounter a situation like that again...

SVD: About that...

SVD: You're not suited to this kind of practice, are you? You're not an assault rifle or a submachine gun.

SVD looks at the paper targets that SV-98 has been shooting at. They're moving rapidly from side to side, and new targets appear at random.

...It's obvious that a bolt-action rifle can't keep up with this pace.

SV-98: I'm not good at close combat or rapid fire, but if I don't work hard to overcome it, I'll be putting the others in danger.

SVD: Is this a problem you can overcome with just hard work? Every Doll has their own strengths and weaknesses.

SV-98: You're one of the elite, SVD, so I doubt you'd understand.

SV-98: But for me, I'd be nothing but trash if I couldn't even put in this much effort!

SVD: ...Humph, well, if that's what you think, then I should just leave you to it.

SV-98 looks at SVD as she leaves, then sighs before pulling out a fresh magazine to reload.

SV-98: I should have thanked her.

SV-98: But if I don't get stronger, how can I face everyone...

???: Isn't it pretty late already? Who's still practicing here?

SV-98: Commander!

I look at the ground, which is strewn with shell casings. There are at least several hundred of them here, and they look like they're all from rounds of the same caliber.

Commander: Did you fire off all these rounds by yourself? Don't tell me you like plinking.

SV-98: Um, I did submit a request to Miss Kalina! Please deduct the cost of the rounds I've used beyond my allowance from my salary...

Commander: Don't be silly. Wanting to train yourself is a good thing, and I definitely support that.

Commander: Still, shouldn't there be a limit to it?

Commander: Or...are you still bothered by what happened on your last mission?

SV-98: Commander, it's precisely because of the mistake I made in the previous mission that I have to become stronger.

SV-98: Or rather, I have to become stronger, no matter what...

Commander: Do you really want to become stronger so badly?

SV-98: Can't I...?

Commander: SV-98, do you know why humanity created Autonomous Dolls in the first place?

SV-98: Uh... It's because the population and workforce declined sharply after the Collapse and WWIII...

Commander: That's a textbook answer.

Commander: But if that were all, then ordinary robots would have sufficed as labor. You wouldn't need Autonomous Dolls for that.

SV-98: ...I don't understand then, Commander.

SV-98: In that case, why were we created?

Commander: I guess, and this is just a guess...

Commander: Since humanity is imperfect, we want friends who are...less than perfect.

SV-98: Huh? But why?

Commander: If you were machines that carried out all orders you were given, then what difference would there be between you and washing machines or microwave ovens or military automatons?

SV-98: You mean...we can't become military automatons?

Commander: Why should you?

SV-98: I thought they were a benchmark for us...

Commander: They have nothing to do with you.

Commander: You've found a place for yourselves, and that is here, in Griffin.

Commander: We are your benchmarks, and we can make mistakes at any time.

SV-98: So are you saying...we were deliberately made to be imperfect? Were we flawed from the beginning?

Commander: What is "perfection", anyway?

Commander: "Quirks" and "special features" are hardly "imperfections", don't you think?

SV-98: Special features...

SV-98: So my mistake...is a special feature?

Commander: At the very least, you need to put your problem into perspective. You can't take it lightly, but you can't obsess over it either.

Commander: There's no point fearing or avoiding it. You need to believe that someday, you'll overcome it.

SV-98: I...I understand, Commander...

SV-98: But...but as I am now, I just don't know what I should do...

Commander: While you're confused, the fact is that you've already found the answer, haven't you?

SV-98: Hm?

Commander: At the very least, you've managed to grasp your own weaknesses and limitations during this time.

Commander: That's the first step to becoming stronger.

SV-98: I...I think so. I know what my limitations are.

SV-98: But...

Commander: Actually, I.O.P. just contacted us recently.

SV-98: Huh?

SV-98: Do you mean-

As SV-98 listens to me, her eyes widen.

They start glinting brightly with excitement.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...Outside the Griffin base, at the helipad.

A new mission is about to begin, and the helicopter is making its final pre-flight checks.

AK-47: Wow, that's a pretty fancy outfit you've got there, 98.

SVD: You look completely different, blockhead. How does it feel?

SV-98: Well... Where should I begin? In technical terms...

SV-98: My fire control core was replaced, more target tracking and memory functions were added, my sensory reception radius and...

SV-98: ...Hah? Wha?

OTs-14: Honestly, it looks like SV-98 is still the same old SV-98.

OTs-14: That's good. At least we won't have to waste time getting to know a new teammate again. Everything will be as normal.

SV-98: (Groans) When you say that, it's like the upgrade made no difference at all...

SV-98: Well, even after being upgraded, you'll be doing the same work anyway, so it's good that nothing's changed...

SV-98: Still, the Commander had high hopes for me, and if going to all the trouble of an upgrade made no difference...

SV-98: Wouldn't that be a disappointment for the Commander and all the people who put together the neural cloud upgrade package? And I'd also be letting down everyone on the team...

SVD: Well, if you mess up again, just leave it to me.

SVD: Cleaning up after a junior's mistakes is nothing for an elite like me.

SVD: Ow, that hurts!

OTs-14: (Laughs) Bold of you to call yourself an elite when you leave yourself so wide open.

OTs-14: She just talks big, don't worry about it. Just stay calm and you'll be fine.

SV-98: I know. After all, live combat situations change by the second, so worrying about them now is a waste of time. Besides...

SV-98 is no longer frowning. Instead, she beams with a confident smile.

SV-98: I'll do my best to take the enemy out, with one shot for every kill I make.

SV-98: As for any who slip the net, SVD can help take care of them for me. We'll each do our jobs and complete the mission together.

SVD: ...Such bravado, junior!

SVD: Still, relying on me is the best decision you've made.

OTs-14: Oh my, to think you'd come to send us off in person, Commander.

OTs-14: Squad, salute.

Commander: Though I had many things to do, I made some time to send off the echelon that was about to head off to the frontline.

Commander: Of course, it's mostly because I had too much on my schedule last night and couldn't be there when SV-98 came back from the factory after her neural upgrade.

Commander: Personally, I was curious about how she's changed, and I also wanted to ask her how she felt about it all.

Commander: Still, after seeing the squad salute to me in unison, I realize that I already have the answer.

SV-98: I won't let you down, Commander!

There is no longer any doubt in SV-98's eyes.

I return her salute. It would seem I had been worrying for nothing, and there's nothing more I need to say.

I'm sure that from today onwards, she will come to like herself more, as well as her friends and this world.