Warm sunlight fills the dorm on this leisurely day off. Type 64 is washing the vegetables at the sink while Type 56-1 and M99 are rushing in and out of the kitchen.

Tap tap tap—

NZ75 runs in.

NZ75: (Pants heavily) Haw...Hawk...

M99: What's the rush, NZ75? Hawk's scheduled for a neural upgrade today, don't you remember?

Type 56-1: It's probably started by now. I kind of wonder how she'll look after it's done.

NZ75: That big stupid bird...she canceled her neural upgrade!

M99: No way, Hawk's always been known for following orders. Plus, they say that her new body is very well made. Nothing should have gone wrong.

Type 64: Come, 56, let's go take a look.

Type 56-1: Hm? Then I'm turning off the stove. NZ75, you'll have to add the ketchup to your twice-cooked pork yourself.

Within the modification room, Miss Kalina is staring at the display, her eyebrows furrowed. Type 97S sits before her with a determined look on her face.

Kalina: No, it's too risky, I can't allow you to do this.

Type 97S: Miss Kalina, I insist—

Type 64: Hawk, are you done with your upgrade yet? Why do you still look the same?

Type 64: Come, let's have a match and test out your new specs...

Kalina: We haven't even started yet!

Kalina: Still, it's good that you're here. Type 97S said that she wasn't going to turn off her neural cloud during the upgrade process and she just won't listen no matter what I say.

NZ75: Do you have to switch off your neural cloud for neural upgrades?

Kalina: Yes, neural upgrades involve a full suite of updates for the entire neural cloud system. If you don't switch it off, it might lead to interference during the modification process and irreversible neural cloud damage. It's really hard to anticipate exactly what could go wrong.

Type 97S: I...I'm willing to take any responsibility for anything that could happen. Please let me do it, Miss Kalina.

Type 64: Why don't you want to switch off your neural cloud? Are you scared of the dark? Don't worry, in my experience, the upgrade is usually over quickly—

Type 97S: No!

Type 97S: I'm keeping a secret, and I don't know if anyone will see it after I shut off my neural cloud. But I can't allow that sort of thing to happen!

M99: A secret, huh...

Type 97S: Also...what would happen if my upgrade made me go berserk and I lost control of my neural cloud and ended up destroying Griffin!?

Type 56-1 & Type 64 & NZ75: Pffff...hahahahahaha.

Merry laughter fills the room. Type 97S doesn't seem to be swayed by the arrival of her friends.

M99: Miss Kalina, since Hawk is so adamant on this, why not make a special exception for her?

Kalina: ...In that case, you'll need to stay here and help me in case anything goes wrong.

Type 64: Yup yup, as friends, we ought to do our part!

Type 97S: ...Nonono, get lost! I'll be fine! It'll be worse if you guys stay here!

NZ75: Quit being so stubborn, you big stupid bird. It's just an upgrade, get in there already. We'll be outside waiting to throw you a party mmmffff—

Type 64 covers NZ75's mouth and drags her aside.

Since she is unable to talk Type 97S around, Miss Kalina guides her through a special upgrade session which does not involve shutting off her neural cloud.

Two hours later...

Kalina: What's going on...? Type 97S' upgrade progress bar has been stuck there for a long time.

M99: Could it be a display problem? For instance, the upgrade is actually complete, but the progress bar is lagging?

Kalina: I doubt it. I just refreshed the data and it stopped at this position too.

Kalina: It might have something to do with her not shutting off her neural cloud. I can't tell what kind of problem she encountered that's causing this.

Type 64: Hawk! Hawk, can you hear me~ Don't fall asleep~

Type 64 tries shouting at Type 97S, but the progress bar does not budge.

Kalina: It's no use. Her neural cloud might not be shut down, but we can't communicate with her if it's not connected to the body. I tried contacting her neural cloud, but I didn't get any response.

M99: What should we do? Do we just keep waiting like this?

Type 64: It's been so long, something must have happened to Hawk...

NZ75: I can't believe you actually ran into trouble for an upgrade, big stupid bird! I TOLD you to turn off your neural cloud!

Kalina: Wait a minute, there might be a way... But it's still pretty risky.

Type 56-1: Oh, just tell us, Miss Kalina! I can't bear the suspense!

Kalina: Type 97S is stuck on her Level II layer. I can give you access to her Level II, and if you can find her still-active neural cloud, that may solve the problem.

M99: Then let's not delay and set out right away!

Kalina: However, I need to warn you; don't let Type 97S realize you're intrusive data, because the moment she sees you as a threat, she might shut off all connections, with nasty consequences.

Type 64: Understood, Miss Kalina. Don't worry, we're professionals.
Part 2

2

The group enter Level II and find themselves in front of a shut metal door.

NZ75: Where is this place? There's nobody here.

Type 56-1: Hawk! Haaaaaawk!

Type 64: Shhh! Someone's coming! Let's hide so nobody finds us.

The group takes cover.

Just then, a mass of footsteps approach them. A middle-aged man drags a young woman up to the metal door.

Young Woman: (Sobs) Please let me go, I don't know anything and I won't say anything.

Middle-Aged Man: Shut up!

Middle-Aged Man: Our plan was perfect, I shouldn't have had to take a hostage.

Middle-Aged Man: If not for that escort Doll who suddenly showed up and shot me, I'd have fled with the money and my bros by now.

Middle-Aged Man: And she's pretty damn stubborn, chasing me all the way here. Looks like I'll have to get inside this door to take cover for a bit.

Young Woman: (Whimpers) Please save me, someone save me...

Middle-Aged Man: Quiet. Now behave and get in there with me.

The middle-aged man forces his hostage inside and closes the door behind him, leaving drops of blood splattered outside.

Type 56-1 engages comms mode.

Type 56-1: Hey guys, did you hear that? I can't believe that dork is remembering things like this during her neural upgrade.

M99: Hm? Was it from that case where she was guarding a million dollars as it was being moved to the bank? I think I heard something about it before.

Type 64: The Million Dollar Escort Incident?

Type 56-1: Yeah, it made her famous. You guys know about it, right?

NZ75: Wow, I didn't know that big stupid bird was actually such a badass. I don't know about it, tell me!

Type 56-1: Well, it was an ordinary job and she was originally only supposed to provide security for a bunch of bank notes. Then she happened to run into a bunch of robbers holding up a bank and the bank security was weak.

Type 56-1: Just as the robbers were about to get their way, they ran into a crazy Doll like her who not only saved the hostage but captured the robbers and closed the case. She was the very picture of success and triumph.

Type 56-1: Unfortunately...

NZ75: C'mon, what happened next, what happened next?

Type 64: Shhh... Quiet, the star of the show is here.

Type 97S follows the kidnapper's trail of blood to the metal door.

Type 97S: The stains are forming a pool, which means he stopped here. Looks like he's hiding inside.

Type 97S unlocks the metal door with her security clearance. Inside, she sees the kidnapper holding a gun to the girl's head while he limps away.

Middle-Aged Man: Listen up, Doll, you'd better not make any hasty moves. Try anything funny and the girl dies, got that?

Young Woman: (Wails) Please save me—

Young Woman: What's wrong with you, aren't you programmed to ensure my safety? Why aren't you moving, do you WANT me to die?! Hurry up and shoot him—

NZ75: What's wrong with that woman? She's all timid around the robber but she's laying into Hawk.

M99: ...

Type 97S tightens her grip on her gun, but the hostage is struggling too hard and she can't get a clear shot.

Middle-Aged Man: Hurry up and put the gun down, or I'll kill her.

Type 97S slowly puts down her gun and carefully backs off.

Type 97S: I can put the gun down, but please release the hostage—

Before she can finish, the kidnapper raises his gun and shoots Type 97S in the head. She crumples to the ground.

Middle-Aged Man: Humph, she was just an ordinary Doll after all.

NZ75: Why you—

Fortunately, Type 64 grabs NZ75 fast enough and keeps her from rushing out.

NZ75: What the hell, 56-1?! This isn't like your story at all! That big stupid bird really is a big stupid bird, how could she just give in like that?!

M99: Didn't you say this was what made her famous? Why are we seeing something like this?

Type 56-1: I...don't know either.

The scene resets to the metal door, and footsteps come from behind the group once more...

Young Woman: (Sobs) Please let me go, I don't know anything and I won't say anything.

Middle-Aged Man: Shut up!

Middle-Aged Man: Our plan was perfect, I shouldn't have had to take a hostage.

Middle-Aged Man: If not for that escort Doll who suddenly showed up and shot me...

M99: Is this...some kind of loop?

Type 56-1: Looks like it. Hawk must be stuck here and can't get out.

Type 64: What happened back then, 56-1? Finish what you said just now.

Everyone gets behind cover and pays no further attention to the kidnapper and the hostage. Type 56-1 proceeds to narrate the rest of Type 97S' past.

Type 56-1: Back then, Hawk finished an impossible mission, saved a hostage and won an award.

Type 56-1: However, she grazed the hostage's arm during the rescue and her family filed a complaint.

Type 56-1: In the end, they didn't even bother performing any internal investigation on the matter and classified her as an extremely-dangerous second-rate Doll. Then, her combat specs got greatly reduced and she was only allowed to fire harmless rubber pellets. In the end, she became a useless Doll.

Type 56-1: If it wasn't for Griffin and the Commander...

M99: Looks like the entire thing was really hard on Hawk.

NZ75: But she doesn't look the least bit depressed! She's always the first to charge into battle and she doesn't seem to be haunted by her inner demons at all.

Type 56-1: Hawk once told me that the punishment she received has made her constantly fearful. She's always doubting herself and even when she seems very brave, she's probably just pushing herself with all her might.

M99: Then what are we waiting for? We know where the problem lies, so let's help her solve it!

Type 56-1: But what should we do...?

Before they can finish, the Hawk in this loop takes several bullets in the process of rescuing the fleeing hostage and collapses.
Part 3

3

The group arrives before the metal door again.

M99: Alright, everyone ready?

Type 64, Type 56-1 & NZ75: Ready and waiting, Class Rep!

M99: Time is tight, so I'll keep this brief, or Hawk will have to go through another loop again...

M99: 56's existence is the most plausible in this world, so please provide direct support for her. The rest of us will act as required.

Type 56-1: Yes, ma'am!

With the exception of Type 56-1, the others take cover and quietly await the Nth arrival of the kidnapper and his victim.

Young Woman: (Whimpers) Please save me, someone save me...

Middle-Aged Man: Quiet. Now behave and get in there with me.

Type 97S follows the kidnapper's trail of blood to the metal door.

Type 97S: The stains are forming a pool, which means he stopped here. Looks like he's hiding inside.

Type 97S unlocks the metal door with her access clearance. Inside, she sees the kidnapper holding a gun to the girl's head while he limps away.

Middle-Aged Man: Listen up, Doll, you'd better not make any hasty moves. Try anything funny and the girl dies, got that?

Suddenly, Type 56-1 appears from behind Type 97S.

Type 56-1: Type 56-1, ready to provide fire support!

Type 97S: Huh? Type 56-1... The heck you doin' here?

Type 56-1: Hawk...what's with your accent?

Type 97S: Neva yew mind, Ah speak perfectly normal most days anyhow.

Type 97S: Now stop gettin' in mah way and git!

Middle-Aged Man: Not taking me seriously, are you? Do you think I won't shoot—

Young Woman: (Wails) Hurry up and save me—

Young Woman: You stupid Doll—

Before the woman can finish, Type 56-1 raises her gun and a bullet grazes past the woman's thigh and hits the kidnapper.

The hostage collapses onto the ground out of pain and shock. Shot and in no state to worry about the hostage, the kidnapper flees.

Type 56-1: What are you standing around for, Hawk? Get him.

Type 97S: Huh? Oh, right.

Type 97S manages to subdue the man and drags him back to Type 56-1.

M99: Well done, Hawk!

Type 97S: ...It's Class Rep!

M99: The success of this perfect rescue was all because Type 56-1 learned how to undermine the kidnapper's control over a wounded hostage from the way you handled a crisis situation in the past.

Type 97S: Thank yew fer yer 'proval, Class Rep!

Type 97S: Though ah gotta ask, where didja all come from?

Type 56-1: Did...did she see through us...

Type 97S: Humph, I wuz just runnin' through other possibilities for what mighta been back then. What were ya messin' with me fer?

Type 56-1: Class Rep staged the whole thing because she was worried that you'd lost your courage and confidence. At least show some appreciation.

Type 97S: But that couldn't...

Just then, Kalina's voice comes over the communicator.

Kalina: It's moving, the progress bar is moving, looks like what you're doing actually worked! You can prepare to return now.

NZ75: Well, we're heading back now. But I have to say, I'm just not used to you speaking like this.

Type 97S: Haven'tcha heard enough? Then ah'll gush on and on in front of ya from tomorrow onwards, till ya git sick of it—

Entering Level II transmission mode.

The communicator rings again.

Kalina: Hang on, the progress bar stopped moving again, wait a little longer...

Type 56-1: What, again? How much hidden trauma revolving around this damn door do you have anyway, Hawk?

M99: Type 56-1, listen to the voices coming from inside. It sounds like some kind of party.

Type 64 and NZ75 press their ears to the door.

A series of footsteps approach.

Whoosh— The door suddenly opens.

Type 97S: Oh come on, give me a break... sweet-and-sour pork with tomato sauce? That can't be fit for human consumption.

Another Type 64 and NZ75 follow her out the door.

Type 64: Hawk! This is the super salty meat spread I brought from my hometown to celebrate your neural upgrade!

Type 64: I admit that I may have left it to soak in the brine for a little too long, but you'll be able to enjoy the delicious flavor once you try it.

Type 97S: "A little too long"? The smell alone is practically a chemical weapon!

NZ75: Ugh...it stinks. Just come back you big stupid bird, even if you don't want the sweet-and-sour pork, I made the disanxian and roast pork with vermicelli that you like—

Type 97S: Well, you didn't have to slather them all with tomato sauce! Goodbye—

It takes NZ75 and Type 64, who are standing outside the door, a long time before they come to their senses.

Type 64: So the food we made was enough to cause Hawk mental trauma!

Type 56-1: Well, she has a point. Sweet-and-sour pork with tomato sauce is way better than salted meat...

Type 64: What did you just say—
Part 4

    4chevron_right

The progress bar starts moving again, and with Kalina's help, Type 97S' neural upgrade is almost done.

M99: Come to think of it, have you guys thought about this? Hawk left her neural cloud on and she's afraid of her secrets getting out. So after we went in and made a mess in there, is she really going to be alright when she wakes up?

Type 56-1: Well, it's not like we have any choice. I mean, whose fault was it for getting her progress bar stuck like that?

NZ75: I'm going to go back right now and serve that tomato some sweet-and-sour pork to protect myself!

Type 64: Relax, Hawk won't cause trouble even after her upgrade. I actually want to see how strong she is after that.

The next day, in Griffin's modification lab.

Type 64, Type 56-1 and M99 are panting on the ground.

Type 64: (Groans) I didn't expect Hawk to be so powerful after her upgrade...

Type 64: I've lost...

NZ75 backs away in fear as she looks at the massive shadow before her. Type 97S has finished her upgrade.

NZ75: Please forgive me... I'll never make sweet-and-sour pork as a substitute for twice-cooked pork again...

Type 97S: You guys know too much!

As the merry band prepares to depart Level II, they see Type 97S' still-active neural cloud imagining a scene, and as one they think—

Everyone: She's got way too much going on in her head!