On the battlefield.

Boom!

M1895: Hey Mo! Think of something already! Those bastards are laying down too much fire!

Mosin-Nagant: Haha, I thought this was going to be a simple capture assignment.

Mosin-Nagant: Who would have thought they're also smuggling military firearms... If we radio the base for help, will they make it in time?

M1895: You're kidding, right? Our ashes will have gone cold by the time reinforcements from the base arrive!

M1895: Either we handle this ourselves or we hurry up and fall back!

CF-05: Say what? Retreat? Then this would all be a waste of time!

XM3: ...We can't fall back.

XM3: If we leave now, we'll have a very hard time finding them again.

XM3: Essentially, the mission will end in failure.

Mosin-Nagant: XM3's right, unless you're willing to just accept that.

M1895: Tsk. Then what should we do?

Mosin-Nagant: Erm...

Mosin-Nagant takes out a miniature telescope and pokes her head out from behind her cover to carefully examine the adversaries who are raining all this intense firepower down on them.

Mosin-Nagant: We might have a chance if we can blow up the ammo in those two pickup trucks of theirs.

Mosin-Nagant: But none of us are rookies and we all know the score, right? That would be a suicide mission.

M1895: So we're trading one life for the success of the mission... Sounds like a good deal.

M1895: I don't think we have no choice. Who's up?

CF-05: That'd be me. I'm a shocktrooper, after all!

XM3: No can do.

CF-05: Eh? Why not?

XM3: It is because you're a shocktrooper that we can't let you do this...

XM3: You'll be essential in the upcoming battles.

CF-05: Well, you do have a point there... But who else can go other than me?

CF-05: Mosin-Nagant is the team leader, so we can't let her go, right?

XM3: Correct... Which is why I'll be going.

XM3 takes up her gun.

CF-05: You... Are you sure you can do this?

XM3: Of course.

XM3: I will complete the mission. Besides, I'm not going out there to die. I'm fully intent on coming back alive.

XM3: Don't make a casual habit out of being KIA. You need to cherish your life even if you have neural cloud backups.

Mosin-Nagant: Can we count on you then, XM3?

XM3: Leave it to me.

XM3 grabs her gun. She looks calm and collected; it's impossible to tell that everything she just said was all bravado.

She vaults over the cover and dashes out, her nimble movements taking her out of sight in an instant.

The other three Dolls hurriedly pick up their guns and lay down suppressive fire, but as they cover XM3, CF-05 can't help but speak up.

CF-05: ...Is she serious? Does she really plan to come back alive from a mission like that?

Mosin-Nagant: This is your first time going on a mission with XM3, right?

Mosin-Nagant: Have faith in her. She's the "Immortal XM3".

CF-05: The heck? What a super dorky nickname!

M1895: Jokes aside... XM3 really is very strong.

M1895: I've heard that she's survived battles like this several times in the past.

CF-05: You're kidding, right...?

BOOM!!!

Mosin-Nagant: There they go!

M1895: Suppressive fire, now!

CF-05: H-Holy crap! Girls, look! It's her! She actually made it!

Mosin-Nagant: Hahaha! Well done!

Mosin-Nagant: Now CHARGE!

...

In the Griffin medical bay.

Kalina: ...So, how is it?

GSh-18: Um...

XM3: Just tell me, no need to spare my feelings.

GSh-18: Huh? Uh... Well, it's not that bad.

GSh-18: You've only been taking relatively light damage recently, so we only need to replace 20% of your parts.

XM3: Whew...

Kalina: 2-20%? Is that what you call light damage?

Kalina: No, I read that combat report. Just surviving under those conditions was impressive enough.

Kalina: Still, your injury is still rather extensive.

GSh-18: Haven't you gotten used to it by now, Miss Kalina?

GSh-18: This is hardly the first time Miss XM3 has ended up in such a state.

XM3: ...

XM3 nods apologetically as she looks at Kalina, who's seated off to the side.

XM3: It's true, I'm already used to it. Please don't worry yourself on my account.

GSh-18: That said, while you might have gotten by like this up till now, you probably won't be able to keep it up for long.

XM3: Huh?

GSh-18: It's the reason why I went out of my way to bring Miss Kalina here.

GSh-18: XM3, I have something very important to tell you.

XM3: Something important?

GSh-18 nods and opens her desk drawer to take out two documents.

GSh-18: You have a long and distinguished service record with Griffin.

GSh-18: And ever since that incident during the joint military exercise, you haven't written off any of your bodies.

GSh-18: Coming this far by repairs alone is a very impressive thing.

GSh-18: However...

Kalina: XM3, your body type has gone out of production.

XM3: ...Wait, what?

Kalina: It's not just your body, I'm also having a hard time just buying the parts for your chassis model.

Kalina: At this rate, if you end up getting damaged or if your body gets written off entirely, it'll be very hard for Griffin to send you back to the battlefield.

GSh-18: Which is why we believe that it may be time for you to retire.

XM3: ...Retire?

XM3 stares at GSh-18, her face unreadable.

However, the trembling hands resting on her knees do not escape Kalina's keen notice.

GSh-18: You haven't had to replace your body for a long time, which is a very remarkable accomplishment. But on the flip side, it also means you haven't changed out your body in a long time.

GSh-18: Frankly speaking, you've used the hell out of it, and there's no telling how much longer you'll last even if you retire and go into a civilian job.

Kalina: Let alone continuing the high-intensity work involved in being a Tactical Doll.

XM3: Is there some other option?

XM3: I don't mind even if it's painful or troublesome.

XM3: I still want to keep working as a Tactical Doll.

GSh-18: ...

GSh-18 looks quietly at XM3, then puts the retirement form back in the drawer, leaving the other one.

GSh-18: You DO have a second option—undergo a neural upgrade.

XM3: ...

XM3 takes the form from GSh-18. The corners are a little yellow and rumpled. It's impossible to tell how long it has languished in the data room.

GSh-18: I heard you've refused it many times before.

GSh-18: I don't know what your reasons were, but if you continue to refuse...

GSh-18: Then I'll have no choice but to ask the Commander to sign off on your retirement slip.

XM3 tightens her grip on the document. Her eyes seem a little unfocused.

XM3: Give me some time to think about this.

GSh-18: What's there to even think about... Eh, forget it, you're free to do that.

GSh-18: That's all I have to say. The rest is up to you, Miss Kalina.

Kalina: Yeah, don't worry.

Kalina flashes GSh-18 a helpless smile before turning back to XM3.

The latter stares at the document in her hands for a long time. The she lays it back down on the desk and gets to her feet.

XM3: How long do I have to give an answer?

GSh-18: We need to know by this week.

XM3: ...Got it.

XM3 nods. She turns and heads for the exit.
Part 2

2

At the Café.

Kalina: (Sighs)

Sitting at the bar, Kalina lets out a heavy sigh.

XM3: ...

XM3: I'm sorry for causing you trouble.

Kalina: Nah, it's not your fault... GSh-18 only said that because she doesn't know about your situation.

Kalina: Don't take it to heart, okay?

XM3: I'm not bothered by what the doctor said. Also, it makes sense.

XM3: No matter what difficulties I may have, she's simply saying what she believes to be right from her point of view.

Kalina: ...

Kalina smiles bitterly and gets up from her seat.

Kalina: Still, do give the upgrade a good think.

XM3: Yeah, I will.

After casting another worried glance at XM3, Kalina finally takes her leave.

XM3: ...

XM3 picks up her ice-cold drink and sighs.

...She has known this day would come for a long time, but now that it is actually upon her, she is still at a bit of a loss.

In any case, right now, she ought to...

...

There weren't many people in the Café to begin with, and as time goes by, it becomes even quieter than before. Even Springfield has left to tend to her duties in the Integrated Logistics Department.

Everyone has a job of their own. They can't possibly stay here just to keep XM3 company.

XM3: ...

Alone at the bar, XM3 stares at the document lying in front of her as she fiddles with a bullet.

????: Is Springfield not here?

Just as XM3 is gathering her thoughts, someone suddenly takes a seat beside her and casually addresses her—so casually, in fact, that XM3 wonders if they're actually talking to her.

Thunk.

The newcomer places a bottle of wine on the counter with a dull noise.

XM3: I guess she's busy.

With an equally casual reply, XM3 takes the bullet in her hand and turns to look at the other party.

XM3: ...!

Clink.

The bullet falls from her suddenly nerveless fingers onto the counter with a crisp sound.

XM3 gapes at the person who has suddenly appeared.

Never did she think she would meet her here, of all places.

ST AR-15: Eh, just as well that she's out.

It is ST AR-15.

XM3: ...AR-15?

ST AR-15: You know me?

ST AR-15 doesn't seem too alarmed by the fact that this unfamiliar Doll has just called her by name.

At the end of the day, this is Griffin's base and said Doll is a Griffin Doll.

She is exceptionally accommodating to her colleagues...with a few exceptions.

XM3: Yeah... I've heard all about you.

ST AR-15: Really now? I'm honored, then.

ST AR-15 gives an offhanded reply and opens her bottle of wine.

ST AR-15: Do you drink?

XM3: If it's just a little, sure.

ST AR-15 shrugs, then reaches below the bar and brings two glasses back up with practiced ease.

ST AR-15: Judging by the look on your face, you must be in a spot of trouble, aren't you?

ST AR-15: We may have become drinking buddies entirely by chance, so do you want to talk about it?

XM3: ...Nothing would please me more.

XM3 takes a glass from ST AR-15 and nods to her.

She watches as ST AR-15 tops off both their glasses. As she lifts the glass to her lips, XM3 finally speaks her mind.

XM3: I was once assigned to protect M4A1.

XM3: After that, I began refusing neural cloud backups, and every battle I went through had me dancing on the knife's edge of starting from zero.

ST AR-15: Pffft.

ST AR-15 sprays out her mouthful of wine.

ST AR-15: (Coughs heavily)

After nearly choking on XM3's sudden bombshell, ST AR-15 wipes her mouth and looks at this colleague that she once thought was a stranger.

ST AR-15: What do you mean?

XM3: During that joint exercise with the Military, M4A1 had just recovered and asked to be sent back to the battlefield.

XM3: Back then, I received orders from the Commander to escort her to the area of operations.

XM3: We ran into S.F. forces along the way and I was destroyed. The Military sent their forces to pick her up.

XM3: You should know what happened after that better than me.

ST AR-15: No, I know that, I'm talking about that last sentence of yours.

ST AR-15: Why did you refuse to back up your neural cloud?

XM3: ...During that mission, I said a bunch of lame, empty things to M4.

XM3: But in the end, I was destroyed by S.F. and removed from the battlefield.

XM3: When I thought about it afterwards, I realized the reason why I failed was because I took the concept of death too casually.

ST AR-15: You were being too casual about dying?

XM3: The biggest difference between human soldiers and ourselves is that Dolls get to try again any number of times, and this privilege makes us fearless in the face of death.

XM3: Perhaps this is a good thing under certain circumstances... But I've come to realize something.

XM3: Soldiers who do not fear death cannot become good soldiers.

ST AR-15: So you stop backing up your neural cloud just to create a sense of urgency for yourself?

ST AR-15: Are you actually insane?

XM3: I might be.

ST AR-15: (Sighs) I thought I managed to find a drinking buddy.

ST AR-15: Turns out I stepped on the mother of all landmines instead...

XM3: I know it is rather abrupt of me to discuss this on our first meeting.

XM3: But I don't know when I'll get to see you again.

ST AR-15: And how much of what you want to say is meant for me?

XM3: Part of it, at least.

ST AR-15 scratches her head and puts her glass back on the table.

ST AR-15: And what you're about to ask is going to offend me?

XM3: You are most perceptive.

ST AR-15: I mean, it's written all over your face...

ST AR-15: Eh, not that I mind. Just make sure you're prepared to pay the price if you really make me mad.

XM3: But of course.

XM3 takes a sip from her glass, as if to muster her courage.

XM3: After that failure, I pondered the issue of Doll death long and hard.

XM3: The conclusion I came to was that I had become careless and sloppy during battle because I didn't fear death.

XM3: It was this attitude which led to me being easily hit by shells and bullets.

XM3: If I had been more focused and more careful, things would not have ended up that way.

XM3: And after realizing that, I made a decision.

ST AR-15: You decided to stop creating backup copies of your neural cloud to make your "unlimited" lives finite?

ST AR-15's hand tightens a little around her wine glass.

ST AR-15: I really feel sorry for you. Or rather, for your pea-sized brain.

ST AR-15: Your stupidity astounds me.

XM3: After I started fearing death, I became so strong I surprised myself.

ST AR-15: So what does this have to do with me?

ST AR-15: At the risk of sounding cold, it's not like I can help you or anything.

ST AR-15: I'm neither an engineer nor a psychiatrist.

ST AR-15: If you want a suggestion from me, all I can say is—back yourself up.

ST AR-15: That's all.

XM3: Of course. I didn't mean to bother you with something like that.

XM3: I wanted to ask you about something else.

ST AR-15: What is it?

XM3: What went through your head when you chose to blow yourself up?

Thud!

ST AR-15 slams her glass down on the counter.
Part 3

3

XM3: ...I'm sorry.

ST AR-15: You don't mince words, do you?

XM3: I know you don't want people to bring it up.

XM3: And I'm ready for you to slug me for doing so. But this is really important to me... Especially right now.

ST AR-15: So you want to know what a Doll feels when faced with the prospect of true death, is that it?

XM3: I've experienced a lot of hopeless situations myself, but my neural cloud was always petrified by a sense of fear that said, "I don't want to die".

XM3: I have never been prepared to die. I have never wanted to die. Simply put, dying scares me. It simply terrifies me.

ST AR-15: ...This sounds like some kind of mental illness to me, no?

ST AR-15: To think they'd make you go for a neural upgrade at a time like this.

XM3: !

XM3 practically falls over herself to whisk away the upgrade form that lies exposed between them.

ST AR-15: Humph... So it's true.

ST AR-15 sighs and knocks back her glass.

ST AR-15: If you ask me, you're fretting over nothing.

XM3: Hm?

ST AR-15: You want to know how I felt in the face of death?

ST AR-15: Why do you want to know? What good would this knowledge do you?

ST AR-15: What would change even if you knew? If I told you I was scared shitless back then, would that make you feel better?

ST AR-15: Or maybe, if I said it didn't bother me at all, would that give you some courage?

ST AR-15: What a joke.

XM3: I...

XM3 falls silent.

She's right. What's the point of asking her that question?

Everything started because of M4A1. Because of that, she learned of M4A1's past and came to understand what ST AR-15 had gone through.

But the fact remains that they were ST AR-15's experiences. They have nothing to do with XM3.

XM3: ...The dilemma I'm facing now is whether I should retire or to accept a neural upgrade.

XM3: Either way, "I", as I am now, will die.

XM3 picks up her glass and takes another drink.

XM3: There's no way I'll give up being a soldier.

XM3: If I have to bow and scrape and serve tea, I'll probably lose it and end up crushing my customers' skulls.

ST AR-15: Well yes, shooting is addictive.

XM3: Accepting a neural upgrade ought to be the best choice for me, but like you said, I'm not sure if that's a wise thing in my current state of mind.

XM3: Also, if I do it, I'll need to back up my neural cloud, which would make a mockery of my conviction up till now.

ST AR-15: Don't you think holding out like this also makes you a stubborn fool?

XM3: M4A1 never mentioned anything about you being snide.

ST AR-15: You hate my snide remarks because what I say is true.

XM3: ...

ST AR-15: The crux of your issue has nothing to do with whether or not you should back up your neural cloud.

ST AR-15: You've simply gotten hung up on an insignificant detail and you stubbornly refuse to let go of it.

XM3: What detail?

ST AR-15: Are you mistaking yourself for a human?

XM3: ...I don't understand.

ST AR-15: I'm telling you—we're Dolls.

ST AR-15: We're not the same as humans and we never have been.

ST AR-15: We've always had a narrower scope of things.

ST AR-15: Do humans start everything over just because they nick their fingers?

ST AR-15: Do they set themselves rules where they'll die immediately once they get hurt, however insignificant their injuries actually are?

XM3: So you're saying that I've taken it too far and started having delusions about being human?

ST AR-15: That is exactly what I'm saying.

ST AR-15: You stopped making backups, you convinced yourself that you have only one life.

ST AR-15: I will admit that raising the stakes is a good form of training, but taking it that seriously is just weird.

ST AR-15: Basically, you're worried that if you back yourself up right now, you'll end up losing this literal "do or die" mentality of yours, which will land you in a slump?

XM3: I can't deny that such a thing might happen.

XM3: This is how I've lived until now.

XM3: Scientifically speaking, there's no telling how much I'll rebound when I release all that pent-up stress inside me all at once, right?

XM3: And all it takes is a moment's carelessness, because there are countless dangers on the battlefield and no takebacks. You should know that better than me.

ST AR-15: This is ridiculous. I've never heard such utter nonsense in my life.

ST AR-15: You think all the battles you've been through were a sham? Was your training all a sham too? Your knowledge and skills are what makes you strong; this "sense of urgency" is just icing on the cake.

ST AR-15: You never needed it in the first place.

XM3: ...But when you decided to go down the road of self-destruction...

XM3: You didn't think you'd come back, did you?

XM3: At that moment, how is a Doll different from a human?

ST AR-15: ...I suppose the difference lies in the value of what their lives can create.

XM3: Value?

ST AR-15: ...Right now, you no longer need to motivate yourself with that sort of mental stress.

ST AR-15: The fact that you're still trapped by it just means you're hung up on a technicality.

ST AR-15: That's all I have to say... What you do next is up to you.

Thud.

ST AR-15 does not answer XM3's final question. Instead, she finishes her glass and leaves the Café, closing the door behind her.

XM3: ...
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

Death is not the end. That would be the extinction of your will.

Humans fear death, because they only live once. But Dolls are different.

That is a strength that Dolls possess, but also their greatest weakness.

XM3: ...One who fears death will think of how to avoid it.

XM3: That is how they continue to grow in dire straits.

When your life is like a game that can be saved at any time, it becomes cheap.

What value is there in protecting a cheap life?

...This was what XM3 had always believed.

XM3: ...But Dolls are fundamentally different from human beings. Have I just been playing stupid little games by imitating them?

Boom!

M500: XM3! Don't freeze up!

Dowel: Arf!

XM3: Ah...ahhh! Sorry...

IDW: Hahaha!

IDW: It's been a while since I went on a mission with you, XM3.

IDW: But that's no excuse to get all high-strung-nya~!

LWMMG: ...Are you alright, XM3?

LWMMG: You seem a little distracted.

XM3: I'm sorry, I was lost in my own thoughts.

XM3: I heard an explosion, did something happen?

XM3: Is someone trying to rob us?

M500: Well, we're just escorting an ordinary food delivery for this mission.

M500: It's hardly worth anything, so surely nobody would try and steal it, right?

M500: Still, it would be best for us to stay alert. That explosion came from very close by.

IDW: But we're sending this food to a relief station-danya!

IDW: A whole bunch of people are going to starve if we don't complete this mission!

XM3: ...

XM3 raises the blinds and squints cautiously at the roads on both sides.

...The terrain here is terrible. If she were laying an ambush, she'd choose to make her move here.

M500: Still, how come you're taking such an easy mission, XM3?

M500: You've got a great service record, don't you?

XM3: I've had a few small problems recently, so I'm not suited for jobs which are too high risk... Look out!!

Boom!!

LWMMG: Incoming!

M500: Dowel!

Dowel: Woof!

IDW: Meow?!

IDW: They-they're really trying to rob us-danya...

XM3: Take cover! It's a mortar!

LWMMG: Oh no!

M500: Hit the brakes—!!

Boom!

Boom!!

Boom!!!

...

LWMMG: X...

XM3: (Groans)

LWMMG: XM3! Wake up! Wake up, XM3!

XM3: (Splutters) W-What happened?

M500: Someone attacked us... And from the looks of things, they aren't planning on a robbery.

M500: They want to blow us up along with our cargo.

IDW: What are they thinking-danya?!

LWMMG: ...I'm guessing it's the land developer who's been eying the refugee district.

LWMMG: The Commander said before that there was something fishy about his background.

LWMMG: So he's going this far just to drive those refugees out?

M500: Well, they picked on the wrong crowd!

LWMMG: M500! Don't be rash!

LWMMG: We'll have a tough time taking them out with just the few of us.

LWMMG: Retreating now would be the wiser course of action!

M500: But if we fall back, then these rations are toast!

M500: Wouldn't that be playing right into their hands?

LWMMG: But we've got no chance if we stay here!

XM3: ...A moment, please.

XM3 struggles to her feet.

XM3: They must be truly desperate if they're resorting to such drastic means.

XM3: If they're exposed, all their plans will go up in smoke.

XM3: Having the authorities step in does them no good.

LWMMG: ...XM3?

XM3: If we just hold out, they'll retreat on their own.

XM3: Time is on our side.

M500: Still, we'll probably be a mess by then, hahaha.

M500: But that's fine! At most we'll just get new bodies!

LWMMG: But...you...

LWMMG looks at XM3 hesitantly.

XM3 notices her gaze and immediately understands what is going on.

XM3: ...Miss Kalina told you, didn't she?

LWMMG: I'm sorry, but Miss Kalina told me to keep an eye on you.

XM3: ...

After looking back to make sure the other two oblivious teammates are not paying attention, LWMMG leans close to XM3 and lowers her voice.

LWMMG: ...We're all hoping that you'll accept the upgrade.

LWMMG: But that'll only happen when you return alive, because you have no neural cloud backups.

LWMMG: In other words, the chipset within your current body is out of production.

LWMMG: If you die here, and we can't recover your core...

LWMMG: ...You know what that means, right?

...It means that she will die for real.

XM3's nonexistent heart lurches in her chest.

XM3: So do you want me to retreat?

LWMMG: You're not like us.

LWMMG: Our lives won't end even if we die.

LWMMG: But you're different. If you die here, it will really be the end for you.

XM3: ...

I see...

So I was doing it wrong.

XM3: ...Lam.

XM3 shakes her head and places both her hands on LWMMG's shoulders.

XM3: Nobody's life is more special.

XM3: You're a Doll, and so am I.

XM3: If I were to run off now, there's no way you could hold these food trucks.

XM3: Also, I will never abandon my friends.

...Because some things are more important than life itself.

LWMMG: XM3... But you...

XM3: —Even if I really do die here...

XM3 takes a deep breath.

XM3: I haven't come this far just so I can run away when it matters.

XM3: I just wanted to treat my life with more care and severity.

XM3: I put this burden on myself because I don't want to "die pointlessly".

XM3: But now, I've finally realized... A Doll's life shouldn't be bound like that. This mentality ends up becoming a hindrance at times like this. I understand that now.

Some things are more important than life itself.

She has become misguided somewhere along the way.

She didn't started cherishing her life because she wanted to live—but because she didn't want to die for no reason again. That was why she had done this.

XM3: "Death" is "death".

XM3: It's the same for everyone.

XM3: The question is, what does my death do for others?

It's because I'm a Doll that I have the chance to start over.

I ought to cherish that fact and be grateful for it.

I can't treat my life as a gift from someone else.

LWMMG: ...I understand.

XM3 nods. She silently picks up her weapon.

XM3: We must hold the food trucks at all costs! We have to survive!

XM3: Once this battle is over, I'll go back to Griffin for my neural upgrade!

M500: Say what?! Don't go raising death flags at a time like this!

IDW: Nyahahahaha! Leave it to us!

Boom!

XM3: ...

XM3: (Perhaps this is the answer... ST AR-15.)