...Logistics Warehouse, Griffin Base.

The once spacious warehouse has been divided up into cramped passages by messily scattered goods shelves.

Under the fluorescent bulbs, a lone girl leads the transport Fairies around in their work.

She writes on the document on her clipboard as she mutters to herself. Her eyes are vacant and she looks tired—she has likely pulled an all-nighter.

Kalina: 127, 128... Finally, we've cleared the last one.

Kalina: Why do we still have a hundred-plus left over? Does our company really have that many Dolls?!

Kalina turns to look at the neat rows of labeled delivery boxes and gripes.

They've gone through the inventory three times already, but there are still over a hundred unclaimed items.

And apart from the address of the Griffin base, the only other thing on them is the ID "Belenko".

Kalina: (Sighs) Let's hurry and finish up before more deliveries arrive.

Kalina: I hope I can claim extra overtime from the Commander.

Kalina practically flees through the warehouse door.

However, the warm sunlight is not the only thing that greets her—there is also a fancy black truck...

...As well as a dull thud that echoes for a good long while.

Kalina: Eeek! Is it... Is it a bombardment? Has Paradeus finally decided to attack us?!

Deliveryman: Hi, we've received an urgent request to send this order to your warehouse.

Deliveryman: There's a total of 33.1 cubic meters of food and clothing. Please sign for the shipping container.

Deliveryman: I'm Staffer No. 129. Wishing you good health and happy shopping!

The deliveryman speaks through the external speakers—clearly he's done this often—then floors the gas and speeds off in a cloud of dust.

In his wake are two tire tracks and the gigantic shadow of a shipping container.

She stares incredulously at it. Her face goes pale, then red, and she sends out a furious transmission.

Kalina: All Griffin Dolls! Report to the warehouse to collect your mail immediately! Who the hell ordered over 100 packages under the name of Belenko?!

Kalina: If nobody signs for them, I'll throw them all out to make space!

Kalina's angry call soon has the base abuzz, but nobody from the endless stream of Dolls who pour in is the recipient for these mysterious articles.

Just as she's about to follow through on her promise, a silvery figure squeezes her way over.

XM8: The name Belenko sounds familiar.

Kalina: Then they must be your packages. Why didn't you claim them earlier?

XM8: Maybe it's because they just had a delivery address and a vague recipient?

Kalina: Er... That seems to be the case.

XM8: That would be a problem, then.

XM8: If all deliveries were brain teasers, then shopping would become edutainment.

XM8: Tsk, in any case, the sender must be a pretentious loser who's got detective stories on the brain!

Kalina: Don't say that. Surely someone who's willing to mail all these packages must be on really good terms with you, right?

XM8: Save that for until we see what's inside them...

XM8 quickly loads up the packages, then vanishes from the warehouse, nearly bumping into TS12 at the doorway.

TS12: Honestly, why is she so careless...

TS12: Hm? Miss Kalina, did you see the test chamber that I'd put here before I went to move stuff?

TS12: It's a limited-edition model, and I had to save up half a year's wages to buy it!

Kalina: So that orange box was yours?

Kalina: It looked so much like a delivery package, I handed it to XM8.

Kalina: Sorry about that... Maybe try getting it back from her at the dorm?

TS12's face blanches immediately and before Kalina can finish, she's already run out of the warehouse with a wave...

This is probably the worst news she's heard all day.

...Outside XM8's dorm.

TS12: XM8!

TS12: Where are you, XM8?!

TS12: XM8!!!!

Frantic shouting fills the air, followed by a bout of knocking that's vigorous enough to break down the door.

TS12: Open up! I know you're in there. Don't play dumb with me!

XM8: Arghhh, be quiet. You're so noisy! The door's not locked.

TS12 immediately barges in.

Meanwhile, XM8 is sitting on a big stack of cardboard boxes, and right below her is a big plastic box.

Apart from the packing straps which have mostly been removed, a yellow warning sticker is vaguely visible...

TS12: My test chamber! So it's really here! And you even opened it!

XM8: Relax, all the flashlights in there had your name on them, I just looked through them quickly while opening up my packages.

TS12: Flashlights?! Flashlights, you say? Those are my high-energy laser cutters. They can slice armor plating like paper once you focus them!

XM8: But when you think about it, aren't they basically just overpowered flashlights?

TS12: Urgh, this... this is too much! How can you look down on such brilliant inventions?!

TS12: I'll have you know that even a ruby laser from the previous century is more visible from the moon than the most advanced modern pulse lamps, to say nothing of...

TS12: Hey! Are you listening, XM8? Why are you spacing out and staring at that chess piece? This isn't like you.

Despite being called by name, XM8 says nothing. She simply puts down the chess piece and sizes TS12 up before sighing heavily.

TS12: Why you! What's with that attitude?! I'm concerned about you here!

XM8: What can a moron's concern do besides add to my troubles?

TS12: If you ask me, the one who bottles up their troubles and doesn't talk about them is the real moron!

Silence fills the air and the two of them stare at each other.

In the end, XM8 can't stand the awkwardness anymore and points to the chess set next to her, preparing to tell all.

XM8: Fine... You're right, I actually have a lot I want to say, and sharing it with you might not be a bad idea.

XM8: Do you see this?

TS12: Yup... Your fingers are pretty.

XM8: I mean, do you see how this chess set has two incredibly obvious letters on it?

TS12: I see!

TS12 exclaims in enlightenment.

Meanwhile, XM8 just lets out another heavy sigh.

XM8: This chess set belongs to a friend from many years ago, and the letters you see are their initials.

XM8: I'm certain I didn't misremember that!

XM8: But the truth is, I haven't seen or heard from this friend in a long time, so I'm surprised I received a package from them today.

TS12: Missing friend, familiar mementos and awakened memories! Got it!

XM8: What do you get?

TS12: This is totally a trope! You're actually a Doll from a parallel universe.

TS12: You traveled to this universe through mysterious means, ended up in Griffin and lost your memories.

TS12: But your friend never gave up and kept trying to send mementos to awaken your memories.

TS12: And now, you've finally realized that something's not right!

XM8: What kind of trashy sci-fi novel plot is that? Do you actually like these things, TS12?

TS12: Relax, I'm just kidding. I'll help you find out about this friend of yours who sent all this stuff!

XM8: Why are you being so eager about this, you idiot? I never said I was going to look into them, did I?

TS12: Come off it, XM8, your expression has already betrayed you.

TS12: There's no way you can be at peace if you don't get to the bottom of this, right?

TS12: I AM a friend of yours too, you know. I won't sit back and do nothing when my friends are in distress.

XM8 thinks for a while, and she finally makes up her mind after eyeing the shotgun slung on TS12's back.

XM8: Alright, but we need to be fast, we don't have too many days off left...
Part 2

2

The next day, the two Dolls meet at the base's underground train station.

Surprisingly enough, TS12 is very punctual.

XM8: Huh, I feel a little relieved now.

TS12: Hm? What do you mean?

XM8: I thought I'd have to wait two hours for you to show up, or that you'd just stand me up.

TS12: How rude! I might be impatient, but I have basic respect for my friends.

XM8: Alright, maybe you're actually more reliable than you look, but I hope you'll have the same patience for what comes next.

XM8: That's because I found out the package was sent from a riverside city quite far from here.

XM8: After taking the expenses into consideration, our only option is a long-haul train ride, which is going to take about 20 hours or so...

XM8 observes TS12, who looks unfazed, much to her surprise.

TS12: What, you thought I'd flip out or something?

TS12: Quite the opposite, in fact—I prepared for this ahead of time!

Saying so, she pulls out a huge pile of yellowed sci-fi novels from her bag.

TS12: I can make it through the whole day with these!

Soon, a weather-beaten train pulls noisily into the station.

There don't seem to be any humans inside, so they don't need to give up their seats.

The sun sets during the course of the long, bumpy journey, and their destination's lamp-lit silhouette comes into view as they draw closer.

It is a new city, and the most eye-catching thing there is that logistics company...

XM8: Wow, there are tall buildings everywhere... This place looks even newer than the region around the Griffin base.

XM8: All the surrounding people are wearing the uniforms of that logistics company.

XM8: I wonder if I should say the company belongs to this city, or if the city itself belongs to the company.

TS12: Let's see, the time now is... 3am, and they're still open for business.

TS12: Are the humans around us actually robots?

XM8: Don't let your imagination run away with you. Maybe there's a big shopping festival going on.

XM8: Miss Kalina's been spending all day sorting out packages in the warehouse recently.

XM8: That's the company building's entrance. Let's see if we can finish investigating by daybreak.

The two of them pass through the fancy automatic door before them. The opulent receiving lounge feels very out of place to them.

It is very hard to think of this as a company that doesn't usually get visitors.

Human Receptionist: Welcome to Branch 77 of Federal Logistics, esteemed Doll ladies.

Human Receptionist: How may I help you?

XM8: I'd like to check a package ID. You sent this, right?

XM8 slides over a piece of notepaper with package serial numbers and Belenko's ID written on it.

Human Receptionist: A moment please...

Human Receptionist: There is a sender by that name, but we cannot reveal his identity to you. Our apologies.

TS12: Hey! Doesn't the sign on your workstation say you offer business inquiry services here?

Human Receptionist: Indeed it does, but since such inquiries involve personal information, we normally only provide them for human beings, but the two of you...

XM8: So you're saying Dolls don't even have the right to find out who sent them mail?

XM8: How lame, you and I are both cogs in society, yet you humans always make such paranoid rules to make things difficult for us!

Human Receptionist: Please mind your words, Miss Doll.

Human Receptionist: Humans and Dolls are very different from each other.

XM8: Oh, I see, this city is big and fancy but where do you stand in it?

XM8: All I see is Federal Logistics, which owns you from head to toe.

The receptionist's professional smile freezes on her face for several seconds, while TS12 quietly kicks XM8.

She's gone too far.

Logistics Manager: Oh my, what seems to be the problem?

Though the tension in the air is fleeting, it doesn't seem to have escaped the manager's keen nose.

A man who appears to be "coincidentally passing by" glides over to the receptionist.

Human Receptionist: My sincerest apologies, Mr. Manager!

Logistics Manager: What are you butting heads with two Dolls about? Go take a break for a while.

The receptionist makes room without uttering a word, and she is replaced by the manager, whose smile is even more rigid than hers.

Logistics Manager: Please accept our sincere apologies. It is not in our company's habit to overlook the needs of our Doll customers.

Logistics Manager: We will be glad to perform the inquiry as long as you can prove that you are the true recipient. That is the case for all our customers.

XM8 forcefully whips out a stack of receipts stamped with Griffin PMC's seal.

The manager takes a few seconds to silently flip through the receipts. It would seem this customer is much better prepared than he expected.

XM8: We're from Griffin PMC.

XM8: These are the receipts our logistics department issued us. The ID we're looking for is in there. Is that enough for you?

Logistics Manager: Of course. One moment please. We will find the ID right away.

Logistics Manager: This gentleman placed 103 items with us three years ago and arranged for them to be sent to your company at midnight this Friday.

Logistics Manager: Finally, we have confirmed that they were received yesterday, at 11:20am. Is anything out of order?

TS12: His address! What is the sender's address?

Logistics Manager: I am sorry, but we have no record of that information. The sender requested for his personal information to be withheld.

Logistics Manager: We simply did our duty and fulfilled this long-term arrangement.

XM8: What?!

Logistics Manager: It is the truth. Please, have a look.

The manager turns the computer monitor around, which includes complex shipping instructions, but only the sender's info is obscured.

Their trail of clues has gone cold...

TS12: Alright. It must be pretty hard on you to be working this late at night...

Logistics Manager: It is our honor to serve for the vigor of Federal Logistics.

The manager bows slightly to the two of them.

XM8: What the hell do you mean by vigor anyway?!

Logistics Manager: Nothing could be more appropriate.

XM8: TS12... I know why there aren't any street lamps in this city...

XM8 tugs at the corner of TS12's clothes and quickly drags her out of this strange-feeling company.

After that, the two of them sit aimlessly on one of the roadside benches.

TS12 gazes at the canal in the distance uneasily, while XM8 tries to gather her thoughts as she studies the chess piece in her hand.

TS12: So what do we do now?

TS12: XM8?

TS12: Are we going back to the base? XM8?!

XM8: Shut up! I thought of something.

XM8: But I'll need some time.

TS12: What's wrong?

XM8: It's a long story, but in short I'll need to go to Level II.

XM8: Keep an eye on my body!

TS12: What? Right now? But how?

XM8: I'm going to lie on the bench and you're going to look after my body, that's how.

XM8: Got that?

TS12: I'll tell you this, I can't wait more than half an hour.

XM8: Weren't you doing fine on the train? Just read your novels!

TS12: I've calculated my reading time carefully. If I keep reading now, I won't have enough left for the journey back.

XM8: I could just WRITE new stories for you considering you're into all that clichéd stuff.

XM8: Oh and by the way, if I wake up and find that I've been Dollnapped...

XM8: My email account is going to blast the Commander 24/7 with a list of all those "high-tech" experiments you've been doing!

TS12: XM8!!! That's despicable!

As TS12 yells at her, XM8 dives into her own Level II layer.

Virtual data reconstructs a tiny, silent world.

It is an empty chess gaming room, with a white-haired old man seated at the place near the window.

The calendar on the desk indicates that the date is several years ago.

XM8: Valeriy Belenko!!

XM8: You... you're still here!

At the sound of his name, Belenko lifts his head robotically and smiles in a kindly way.

Belenko: Have you come to fulfill your promise for one last game, Miss Black Madder?

With that, he pulls out the chair on the opposite side of the round table before him, revealing a pile of taken pieces.

The only pieces left are a white pawn and the black king.
Part 3

3

...Several years ago.

XM8: I haven't gotten any appointments recently. Don't tell me there's no future in being a chess partner...

XM8: Is my name not catchy enough? I thought it was pretty creative.

XM8: What the heck, how come my rating dropped to two and a half stars?!

XM8: 28 people rated my attitude as bad recently? Wonder what they wrote?

(Sobs) She looks so cute but her tongue is so sharp! My dreams are ruined!

She... she even asked me if I'd ever talked to girls before... I had! You have to believe me!

XM8: Tsk, you suck so hard at chess and don't even know it. Do you have a few screws loose in your brain?

XM8: Also, even if I'm a Doll chess partner, I'm not an online chatbot for you!

XM8 viciously pounds the table and scrolls through to the comment section.

Unexpectedly, amidst a sea of negative reviews there is one which gives full marks.

Delighted that she has found someone who finally appreciates her, she quickly opens it.

Miss Black Madder is so cute when she scolds people, I have it on loop. Make me yours, Black Madder!

XM8: ...

XM8: ......

XM8 is speechless. In the end, she closes the list of comments and prepares to head outside for a walk.

Just as she's getting her things ready, she receives a well-formatted email on her computer.

Surprisingly enough, the title shows that it is a letter of intent.

Curious, XM8 calls the number indicated on it, and to her surprise, the other party directly establishes a video call.

The person on the other end of the connection is a well-dressed middle-aged man.

Belenko: Hello, would you happen to be Miss Black Madder?

XM8: Yes, and you sent me... a letter of intent?

Belenko: That's right, Miss Black Madder. My name is Valeriy Belenko.

Belenko: While I was once a chess grandmaster, my skills have begun to deteriorate, and so I'm planning to run a modest little online chess club.

Belenko: I've been observing recent games played online, and your vibrant style, unlike that of other dull AIs, has left a deep impression on me.

Belenko: That is why I have taken the liberty of extending you an invitation.

However, XM8 clearly doesn't care about all this triviality. The only thing that concerns her is—

XM8: May I know how much it pays? Can I have an exact figure on the salary?

Belenko: Naturally, you won't be treated poorly, given that you're an extraordinary talent. I intend to pay a monthly salary of...

Belenko: What do you think of this figure?

Belenko sends another email.

It clearly indicates the various benefits and working hours of the position, and even includes a contract.

XM8 is stunned by the listed salary; it's close to ten times her current monthly income.

As expected of a famous and wealthy grandmaster, just the pay alone has the perpetually-poor XM8 signing without a second thought.

Belenko: You should be a little more cautious, Miss Black Madder.

Belenko: This contract will last at least a year. I don't think you've read it at all.

XM8: If there's money in it for me, I'll play.

XM8: Besides, what ill intentions could humans have? You aren't going to scam me, are you, uncle?

Belenko: How about this, I'll pay you the first month's salary in advance, is that alright?

XM8: Now it's my turn to remind you to be cautious.

XM8: Aren't you afraid I'll take the money and run?

Belenko: Chess is a game with strict rules. I believe a true chess player would not break a contract for such meager benefits, isn't that right?

XM8 is hardly moved by that rhetoric. All she wants is an easier life.

Although she joined the club with that mindset, she becomes one of their star players in no time.

But as time goes by, even XM8, who is generally indifferent to those around her, realizes something.

Her clients are no longer civilians. Now, the majority of them are soldiers.

XM8: Hey, Boss, did you notice that our club's clients have gotten really weird recently?

XM8: They're all from the Military!

Belenko: Actually, I marvel at the fact that you hadn't realized it sooner, Miss Black Madder.

XM8: As if I'd care about clients whom I may never seen again.

Belenko: Would you like to know why?

XM8: Sorry, but no.

Belenko: Because war has broken out again, Miss Black Madder.

Belenko: It's a terrible thing, you know. Most people don't survive more than 15 minutes into an urban warfare firefight.

XM8: There will always be war in the world. It's no big deal.

Belenko: I really envy you, Miss Black Madder. As a Doll, you can be reborn as long as your neural cloud is intact.

Belenko: But for human beings, death will forever be death. We're just too fragile.

XM8: Then everyone should use Dolls to fight wars. Isn't that why Tactical Dolls were made?

Belenko shakes his head and looks at XM8 for a long time.

Belenko: Miss Black Madder, you should know that in some wars, human life is much cheaper than what it costs to buy a Doll.

Belenko: So, how about trying not to beat these soldiers in chess?

Belenko: Let them win, so that they can meet their deaths with some pride and dignity.

XM8: Boss, this is a question of principles! A competitive match won't allow me to throw a game.

XM8: I believe that as soldiers, they wouldn't want a victory handed to them like alms either! It would be a terrible insult!

XM8: However... I can schedule rematches with them so we can keep playing.

Belenko: That's enough. Thank you very much, Miss Black Madder.

And if that was all, it would truly have been enough, but unfortunately, the flow of time is relentless.

XM8: "September 23rd, Anton did not log in at the appointed time. He came a total of five times..."

XM8: "October 7th, Gennady, Valeriy and Andreyev did not log in at the appointed time, they each came a total of four times..."

XM8: "November 28th, Arkady, Yakov... and 10 others did not log in at the appointed time. They all came a total of 23 times..."

XM8: December 24th, Christmas Eve.

XM8: "The group of 13 led by Nikita did not log in. Boss said they were all blown up by an enemy bombardment."

XM8: But fortunately, I saw Chkalov. He lost a leg and an eye.

XM8: January 18th. There were no appointments last month. Boss said that most regions on the frontline were being jammed.

XM8: "I wonder why he's so familiar with warfare."

XM8: "February is here. The Boss and I are the only players left in the club..."

Belenko never once talked about customers and income, as though it was none of his business, but the awkwardness is too much for the club to bear.

XM8: Say, Boss. Do you still think we can keep going?

Belenko: Why do you ask, Miss Black Madder? The club will always be open.

Belenko: For all the customers who might come back...

XM8: Boss, you do realize your monthly income isn't enough to even keep the servers running?

Belenko: It's a tiny sum, so small that it hardly bears mention.

XM8: If that were true, then I wouldn't be the only employee left in the club...

Belenko: Naturally, it's because you're the best employee.

Belenko: Unfortunately, I might have to travel a long way in a few days' time.

Belenko: I'll be gone for at least three months, so you may need to take a break for a while.

XM8: As I thought, you really can't keep it going.

XM8: Relax, our contract was running out anyway, and with our club in this state, I should probably start looking for another place.

Belenko: I'm really sorry about this, Miss Black Madder. I wish this journey could be wrapped up soon.

Belenko: That way, I might be able to sit at a chess table again some day in the future...

XM8: Now that you mention it, we've never played a proper game of chess before.

XM8: Since we don't have any customers anyway, want to take me on, Boss?

XM8: We'll play a round of fast chess!

Belenko: As you wish, Miss Black Madder.

XM8: Accepting so easily?

XM8: Let me remind you that while humans are good at thinking, fast chess doesn't give much time to react.

XM8: You'll make mistakes and I won't, Boss—

Utterly confident in herself, XM8 makes the first move without any hesitation. She doesn't hold back on the chessboard.

However, Belenko just politely pulls up a chair for his opponent, just like he did in matches over a dozen years ago.

...

XM8: Pawn to D5.

Belenko: Pawn to D5.

Soon, the nonstop chessboard sees the first casualty, but the game only grows more and more intense.

Both sides are on the offensive, and this should have been XM8's field of expertise.

But in a mere five minutes, the initiative has changed hands, and there is no chance of making a comeback.

Belenko: Miss Black Madder?

XM8: I lost, but I didn't make a single wrong move...

Belenko: Indeed, Miss Black Madder, you made no obvious mistakes.

Belenko: That ought to be very advantageous. Most human players could not do that.

Belenko: But for now, we can say that it does not make one invincible.

XM8: Tsk, I just lost for the first time in a long time.

XM8: I log every game where I was beaten, and you'll run out of ways to beat me eventually.

XM8 says so flippantly, but it's plain to see that as one who wins often, she's finding this loss hard to swallow.

She plans to reclaim some face, but exactly how long will it take to run a grandmaster out of moves?

XM8: The 124th time? It's only been three days and it's checkmate again. How many schemes do you have up your sleeve, Boss?!

XM8: I used them all up long ago, Miss Black Madder...

XM8: Right now, what you see is nothing more than the unlimited possibilities of permutations and combinations.

XM8: You're lying! I recorded every game in my neural cloud! You used the same opening every time but all the moves you made after that were different!

XM8: Dolls have several times the processing power of the human brain, so how can I keep losing to a human?!

XM8: I must be getting something wrong!

Belenko: That's because you aren't installed with brutal and cold chess algorithms, Miss Black Madder.

Belenko: Your style comes from experience and not dry calculation, so you're closer to a human being than a machine.

Belenko: Playing with you is full of uncertainty and challenges, the very essence of competition.

Belenko: I hope you will eventually defeat me with this frame of mind.

XM8: No way, I can't! AI's are crippled without their computational advantage!

Belenko: But humans are such crippled creatures, Miss Black Madder.

Belenko: The truth is, the best human player was beaten in a straight fight by an AI algorithm 60 years ago, but chess as a game did not vanish...

Belenko: That's because when victory becomes a proven formula, it loses its meaning. People find joy in pushing their limits while being handicapped.

Belenko: It's just like how humans haven't abandoned track and field events even after inventing the car.

Belenko: Surely you refused to install chess algorithms because you wanted to preserve your precious hobby, right?

XM8: I can't do what's impossible! You're just messing with me!

XM8: I... I didn't install those premium chess algorithms because I wanted to save money! Take back that ridiculous lecture of yours!

XM8 stubbornly refuses to acknowledge the truth of Belenko's words and logs out from the club in embarrassment.

Sitting in front of her computer, she mulls over her thoughts... until her communicator rings.

As expected, it is Belenko's number. XM8's finger hovers over the hang up button, but in the end, she chooses to pick up the call.

Belenko: Miss Black Madder, I apologize if my words have offended you.

XM8: Save it, Boss. I'm still mad, and I won't calm down no matter what I hear.

Belenko: That's not all though. I'm calling to bid you farewell since I didn't have the chance to do it earlier...

XM8: In that case, I wish you good health and safe travels!

Belenko: It was not my intention to anger you, Miss Black Madder.

Belenko: It's just that this might be the last game of chess we get to play before I depart tomorrow, so think of it as an imposition of mine.

XM8: We'll see if I'll be in the mood for that!

XM8 hangs up after those vehement words, but in the end, she still returns to the club the next evening.

However, she seems to be late.

The club is neat and tidy, though one of the chairs near the table has been pulled out, and there is a note on the familiar chess table.

XM8 picks it up. The club address and password are hastily scribbled on it, along with a brief message.

【My apologies, Miss Black Madder, I did not expect that I would have to leave so soon.】

【While I could not stay to keep our appointment, the doors of the club will always be open to you.】

【I hope that someday, we will be able to sit at the chess table again and finish our last game...】

XM8: Such an unreliable old geezer!

XM8 grumbles angrily to herself. She knows the club won't be getting any new visitors.

However, this tiny world still keeps chugging on by itself, as though it had some kind of unresolved regret.

After that, XM8 would return to it every now and then, waiting for this "someday" when Belenko would return.

However, that familiar figure never appeared in that chair until Griffin received those mysterious packages.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

XM8 approaches the chair Belenko has pulled up for her. The scene before her eyes is exactly the same as it was several years ago, as though nothing had changed since she last came.

It's still the same old club—the virtual world isn't touched by the passage of time.

XM8: Boss? Where have you gone all these years?!

Belenko: Hello, Miss Black Madder. Welcome back to Belenko's Chess Club.

XM8: Welcome back? I almost forgot you!

XM8: Good thing I still remembered this place!

Belenko: And I am very grateful for that, Miss Black Madder. Why don't we play a game?

Belenko: Let me see how you've improved.

Belenko still speaks in his usual calm and casual tone, but there's a hint of provocation in his words.

Furious, XM8 sits opposite him and picks up a handful of pieces before throwing them onto the board.

XM8: Answer me!

Despite her aggression, Belenko simply arranges the pieces in silence.

Too impatient to wait for an answer, XM8 sweeps the board clear, but the man simply sets the pieces back up without any sign of annoyance.

This happens about a dozen times before Belenko speaks up and interrupts the loop.

Belenko: Catching up on the past seems to be your top priority.

Belenko: But I'll only bring up history on one condition.

Belenko: If you can beat me in a game, I will give you a full explanation. Is that acceptable?

XM8: Are you telling the truth?

Belenko: Yes, I am.

XM8: Sure. This time, I'll show you the price of making light of your opponents...

XM8: Give me several minutes to prepare!

After throwing down those words, she secretly puts a call through to TS12.

She may have a hard time beating Belenko by herself, but now she has a helper.

A few rings later, TS12 picks up the transmission. She seems to be at a noisy place.

TS12: Hello? XM8? Are you done?

XM8: It's so loud out there, TS12! Why do I hear the sound of cars?

TS12: I was bored, so I carried you to the train station. We'd have to come here sooner or later anyway.

XM8: Whatever... I don't have time to worry about that now.

XM8: Help me look up someone, Valeriy A. Belenko. I want to know all the chess strategies he's used before.

TS12: Are you kidding me?! You want me to sit down and do research? I'll get so slow that I'll turn into a toaster!

XM8: Idiots with lots of energy are nothing more than particularly active toasters.

XM8: Anyway, I don't have time for this nonsense! The first game is starting soon, so hurry up and find them!

TS12: Why, you... Ah, forget it. In for a penny, in for a pound.

After some coercion, TS12 resigns herself to helping out.

Meanwhile, XM8's mind is entirely focused on the game. Despite all the years that have passed, she still didn't install chess algorithms in herself.

That was because she needed human-like decision making, the ability to sift through inferences, and most importantly, a heart brave enough to rise to challenges.

Belenko was right—no data simulation could give her that.

Belenko: I'm surprised, Miss Black Madder. Your chess skills and mindset have improved tremendously. You've put a lot of pressure on me in just 10 minutes.

XM8: I haven't been standing still these past few years, Boss.

Belenko: Yes, your performance in this game is most spectacular.

Belenko: But I have to remind you that the next few moves will make or break the game. Now, how will you proceed?

Belenko's words put XM8 on her guard. She can faintly tell that something is amiss. Just as it seems like she has the measure of her opponent, it turns out she's might be mistaken.

However, TS12, who's supposed to be searching for information, hasn't replied yet!

Unable to bear it, she angrily calls up TS12 and urges her to hurry up.

XM8: TS12! Chess moves! Are you done yet?!

TS12: I am, but...

XM8: Cat got your tongue? Just spit it out.

TS12: Have you noticed anything weird about this guy in front of you?

XM8: Do you think my neural cloud's broken? He looks exactly like how I remember him!

TS12: I'm not talking about looks, I mean, um... Like how he acts and his personality and so on.

XM8: It's normal for personalities to change over the course of a few years, right...? Still, he does seem a bit strange to me.

TS12: Be more precise! As an old friend, you should know him really well, right?

XM8: Why are you asking these questions all of a sudden? You're even weirder than Belenko, TS12!

TS12: What? Fine, I'll get straight to the point then!

TS12 says sternly as she forcibly disconnects XM8 from the chess club on her Level II Layer.

XM8: What the heck are you doing, TS12?!

TS12: Calm down!

TS12: You were the only user online in the club! Didn't you realize that?

TS12: In other words, that so-called "Mr. Belenko" was running locally! Do you see what I mean?

XM8: So you're saying the person in front of me was just... a pre-programmed AI routine?

XM8: Impossible! Then where's the real Belenko?

TS12: While I was doing your research, I looked him up and happened to find his address.

TS12: However, the tourism page for his town has become...

TS12: A memorial site for fallen servicemen...

TS12 links XM8 to a site decorated with candles, doves, and olive branches.

Countless faded black and white mugshots are displayed on a backdrop of ruins, including a familiar face.

However, unlike how he usually appeared to XM8, he was in a military uniform in the photo.

【Valeriy A. Belenko】

【Once a chessmaster, now a steadfast warrior.】

【Heroically repulsed bandits and warlords while protecting his hometown.】

【Gave his life while fearlessly holding the line for three days.】

【None may know of his courage, but his deeds shall endure forever.】

TS12: XM8, I know this might make you sad, but that's the real Mr. Belenko.

TS12: The man before you is just an autonomous program made in imitation of himself in real life.

TS12: It'll be formatted after the game ends, just like those old chess-playing AIs.

TS12: And without its final active AI, the server will shut down.

XM8 is utterly stunned.

She immediately reconnects to the club.

Belenko once again looks up politely at his visitor while arranging the chess pieces on the board.

However, XM8 can now see the stiffness in his movements.

Belenko: Hello, Miss Black Madder. Welcome back to Belenko's Chess Club.

Belenko: Your performance in this game is most spectacular.

Belenko: But I have to remind you that the next few moves will make or break this game. Now, how will you proceed?

The words are exactly the same as before, and they grate on her ears.

Unable to believe what she's hearing, XM8 repeatedly logs out and back in again, stubbornly trying to prove something.

Belenko: Hello, Miss Black Madder. Welcome back to Belenko's Chess Club...

Hello, Miss Black Madder. Welcome back to...

Hello, Miss Black Madder...

XM8: It can't be. Your greetings were never this one-note, Boss!

Belenko: Hello, Miss Black Madder. Welcome back to Belenko's Chess Club.

XM8: Boss...

XM8 does not ask any further. She knows she will never get the answer she wants.

The "Belenko" in front of her is a ghost, a shade that has not yet departed.

He didn't want to reminisce with an old friend, but to deliver a farewell that would wipe away all lingering regrets...

TS12: I've compiled all his chess moves. Do you want the file?

XM8: No... Since this chess game is our final promise to each other...

XM8: I should honor his last wish myself.

XM8 takes a deep breath, but suddenly finds herself recalling the things Belenko once said.

Belenko: I used them all up long ago. Right now, what you see is nothing more than the unlimited possibilities of permutations and combinations...

Belenko: When victory becomes a proven formula, it loses its meaning. People find joy in pushing their limits.

Belenko: Playing with you is full of uncertainty and challenges, the very essence of competition.

Indeed, XM8's current opponent is nothing more than a program designed by Belenko, who has long since taught her everything he could.

She should not have forgotten that, and she certainly should not have asked for outside help, because all programs can do is rearrange combinations.

Belenko wanted her to challenge her "limits"—he wanted her to demonstrate deep contemplation and defeat her opponent with grace.

That implies the endgame before her is ultimately a variation of the original game they played.

Upon coming to this realization, she immediately starts reverse-engineering his strategy and re-analyzes this familiar conundrum.

XM8: If I force you to castle, it'll be checkmate for you in five. If I give up this piece, I'll lose in four moves...

Belenko: Marvelous, Miss Black Madder. It took you only 57 seconds to work it out.

Belenko: But what will you choose?

XM8: The real Belenko would've wanted me to win...

Belenko: Then go ahead, Miss Black Madder. It was truly a spectacular victory.

Belenko stands up and applauds, as though he is delighted to have finally fulfilled his final wish.

Perhaps he is rejoicing because XM8 has struggled free of her shackles.

XM8: Boss, let's play another game next weekend...

Belenko: Nothing would delight me more, Miss Black Madder.

XM8 sets up a non-existent appointment for "next time" with her opponent, just as she had with all those soldiers heading to the frontline.

The chess piece falls as a final farewell, as well as a resolution to all the regrets left behind in this tiny little realm in which she has sent off countless visitors.

The formatting process soon begins as Belenko continues to applaud, and the server eventually goes dark and vanishes.

XM8: This is...?

After the club completely collapses, there is one final point of light in the dark virtual domain.

XM8 approaches it and finds that it is a small cached audio log, which she accepts and plays without any hesitation.

A familiar voice begins to speak.

Belenko: I am Valeriy Alexandrovich Belenko...

Belenko: This may very well be my final audio log, and I would like to leave it to... Miss Black Madder.

Belenko chuckles without humor as the sound of shellfire in the distance grows louder.

Belenko: I once ran away without stopping, but war catches up with everyone in the end.

Belenko: If they are not willing to be slaughtered, then innocent people have no choice but to pick up crude weapons to resist the vile murderers and bandits who would claim their lives.

Belenko: I will not praise these actions as glorious or great, because we are all nothing more than a flock of abandoned sheep.

Belenko: I stepped up, not because I did not fear death, but because this was the only thing left for us other than ignominious weeping and begging for mercy.

Belenko: We are alone and without aid in the face of this disaster that is destined to end in tragedy.

Belenko: There are many times when I have wished this was nothing more than a ridiculous hero's drama in which I happened to possess the power needed to change the circumstances.

Belenko: Just like how a pawn can fearlessly rush the enemy's lines in a game of chess and be promoted to a queen.

Belenko: Or like how a rook can stand tall and defend the king when castling.

Belenko: However, reality affords us few luxuries.

Belenko: Except for you, Miss Black Madder. You were originally unconnected to our war, but to the soldiers about to march to their deaths, your promise was a faint ray of light.

Belenko: So please forgive me for delaying the invitation to our last game of chess for several years.

Belenko: I did not wish to disrupt your life, and I wanted this club, which was a source of hope for many, to come to an end in peace.

Belenko: I hope that when that day comes, the spring breeze will blow away the tears of the fallen, and that there will be no more death thereafter.

There is an ear-piercing burst of noise, and the audio recording ends. The space before her is completely silent at last.

XM8 quietly saves the audio recording and leaves Level II.

When she opens her eyes, she is greeted by TS12's face, filled with worry and impatience.

TS12: XM8! I thought you'd killed yourself or something!

XM8: Well, sorry to disappoint you, but I have no intention of doing that anytime soon!

TS12's presence shatters the heaviness in XM8's heart. XM8 is a bit surprised to find that she is feeling okay.

XM8: By the way... Thank you for taking care of me today, TS12.

TS12: Urgh... That's super cringy, you sound weird when you aren't scolding people, XM8!

XM8: Why, you...

XM8: Well, we'd best head back to Griffin. We still have work tomorrow.

TS12: Yup, which is why I'd already carried you to the train station while you abandoned your body.

XM8: Oh, right. TS12, I'd like to apply for a neural upgrade.

TS12: Seriously? Well, I don't know what's brought this on...

TS12: But you DO know that there'll be a stringent review in store if you apply for one without any notice, right?

XM8: Maybe even I would want to push my limits every now and then...

XM8: In any case, it doesn't matter who I'm doing it for. I'll pass it for sure—I have to!

...Three months later.

XM8: And this is checkmate...

Gr MP5: Stop, XM8! You busted the practice target again!

XM8: Sorry, maybe your firepower is just too weak, shorty?

Gr MP5: Dammit! In that case, I'm going to bring out my Dummies too!

Gr MP5: Today, I'm going to pay back all the crap you gave me ever since my neural upgrade!

XM8: Zero multiplied by anything is still zero, you know...

XM8: But that's fine...

XM8: Because I'll be protecting you this time, shorty.