Bremen, Germany. Lower reaches of the Weser river.

This area is a considerable distance away from any human settlements.

The spaces within 50 meters on both sides of the river have been blocked off by black vans and cordoned with tape.

With a helicopter rumbling overhead, a young man treks along the moss-covered path by the river with a briefcase in hand.

???: ...

He can hear the conversation over the radio through the foliage.

Stasi Agent A: Zone D1 search complete. Nothing out of the ordinary.

Stasi Agent B: Zone A2 search complete. Nothing out of the ordinary.

K: Copy that. Keep searching and extend the perimeter by 1km.

K: Attention—"Rabbit" has escaped. Keep your eyes peeled and don't even miss a single tuft of her fur.

Stasi Agents A & B: Roger.

The Stasi search agents have been working around the clock on the riverbanks for over 24 hours.

It has already been five days since Angelia crossed the German border.

There is a faint rustle of a coat brushing over shrubbery. Detecting the approaching presence, K turns around.

As he makes out who it is, his rising unease disappears.

???: Sir.

K: Come.

???: Yes, sir.

The young man walks over to K.

His sharp gaze shifts to the river, where boats are still busy searching.

K: Time is short so I'll keep it brief.

K: Let's get straight to the point. You know why I've summoned you, Light?

Light: Yes, I understand it is about Frau Angelia.

K: Have you read the report?

Light: Yes, I am well aware of everything leading up to the confrontation between Frauen Angelia and Morridow.

Light: It is J who has been following the case, isn't it?

K: He's currently out of action, so you'll have to take over.

K: Now's your moment—have you chosen a letter for yourself?

Light: Please stop making fun of me.

Light: J is an exceptional agent—I still have much to learn from him.

K: Aw, where's your sense of humor?

Light: I thought you said time was short.

K: You little... Nevermind.

K turns and directs his attention back to the boats in the river.

K: Do you think Morridow died in there?

Light: Difficult to say. None of the witnesses on the aircraft saw the moment of impact.

Light: Even a well-trained agent could easily die when falling from that height.

Light: Such a plunge could be fatal for ordinary civilians.

K: But our little secretary is no ordinary civilian.

Light: That's true, and that's the problem.

Light: According to Frau Angelia, Morridow is a new type of augmented human under the major criminal organization Paradeus.

Light: Apparently, her strength is on par with AK-12 of the Wolf Pack.

K: All information concerning Paradeus is still top secret.

K: We're making an exception here by filling you in, you understand?

Light: Yes.

K: The aircraft bound for Chairwoman Ulrich's office building deviated from its original flight path yesterday.

K: The witnesses' accounts corroborate the fact that the confrontation took place as the aircraft was passing over the Wedersee.

Light: Are the witnesses the pilot and Frau Angelia herself?

K: Indeed.

K: The scuffle lasted about six minutes, and when they reached the river, the suspect—Morridow—concluded that her plan had failed and decided to escape by jumping off the plane.

K: Once I caught word of the incident, I immediately sealed off the area within 5km of the scene. It was done in a rush, but I do not doubt the effectiveness of the blockade.

Light: But there is still no sign of her?

K shrugs.

K: We can only assume that she has already left the scene before we got here.

K: Otherwise, I'll have to chalk it up to her being soluble in water.

Light: ...

K: But it's not all doom and despair.

K: We have found some clues.

K taps his foot, indicating the stretch of the riverbank that they are standing on.

K: An hour ago, we found the torn-off cabin door here.

K: There were bloodstains on it—this is still confidential information.

Light: Bloodstains? ...Frau Angelia did mention that Morridow was injured.

K: I've had the surrounding area searched, but we haven't been able to locate her.

Light: Can we extrapolate her path of escape?

K: No, there is too little blood for that.

K: Besides, the river itself makes that impossible.

Light: What if we narrow it down based on the time she jumped?

Light: If we calculate her trajectory and draw a radius...

K: I like your quick thinking.

K: This is the first task I have for you. Here's the investigation report.

Light: Right.

Light: Forgive me for being blunt, but this is no different than looking for a needle in a haystack.

Light: Also, if our manpower is stretched too thin, even if we locate the suspect, it will be difficult to capture her.

Light: Isn't she some sort of monster that can fight toe-to-toe against an elite T-Doll?

K: That's right, which is why no one will blame you if you conduct the search...in a leisurely manner.

Light: ...

Light: ...So the second task is what actually matters?

K: Yes...that is correct.

K: I just received new orders.

K: Once the investigation here is complete, you are to head straight to Berlin.

K: Isn't that exciting? You'll get to work with your dearest Frau Angelia.

Light: ...No, please don't say that.

K: Oh, come off it. I'm not interested in the business of some teenage kid still wet behind his ears.

K: Now if you understand what you need to do, then scram. Can't you see I have guests?

Light: Oh...

Light looks back and finds that Chairwoman Ulrich and her two bodyguards have been standing there silently for what appears to be a long time.

At the sight of the poised woman, he bows lightly in the way of acknowledgement.

Ulrich gives him a nod to indicate that she doesn't mind the wait.

Light: In that case, I'll take my leave.

K: Good.

Light gives K a salute and takes off with the investigation report in hand.

He brushes past Ulrich but does not even bother to shoot her another glance.

Ulrich: ...So he is Uhrig's son?

K: And a rising star.

K: This is probably hard to believe, but he is J's protégé.

Ulrich waves her hand to send her bodyguards away.

The two security officers eye the rumpled-looking Stasi agent warily but still nod and back away.

When they are a safe distance away, Ulrich strolls up to K and stares out at the boats still toiling away in the river.

K: You came straight from an interview?

Ulrich: A politician fights her own battles, Schwaben.

K: The news from the last two days will keep the TV stations talking for the entire year.

K: Must've been tough cleaning up the whole mess.

Ulrich: Watch your tone, K.

Ulrich: We are still out in the open.

K: Apologies, I spoke out of turn.

Ulrich: ...But you're right, it hasn't been easy.

Ulrich: I had a lapse of judgment.

Ulrich sighs heavily.

Ulrich: It was obvious that Hopps was a member of the German Independence Party, but I didn't expect Morridow to have an even more complicated background... I thought they were sent by the same people.

Ulrich: It was largely my fault that the situation has taken a turn for the worse.

K: There's a saying in our world of the secret service, Madam Chairwoman.

K: Never regret your decisions after you've made them. One doesn't even get the chance to regret a decision if it is truly regrettable.

Ulrich: Are you lecturing me, Schwaben?

K: ...Sorry, I forgot my place.

K: What I mean to point out is that even though you never voiced your suspicions regarding those two beforehand, Angelia still figured it out.

Ulrich: I know.

Ulrich unclasps her hands and rubs them gently against each other.

Ulrich: When Angelia uprooted the Flora Institute, I could defend her.

Ulrich: It was Leone who forced her hand to begin with.

Ulrich: When she overstepped her authority at the orphanage, I could also quash the voices of objection.

Ulrich: Even the filthiest politicans I know understand that child-trafficking is a line that must not be crossed.

Ulrich: But what she did in the refugee settlement was completely out of line, K.

Ulrich: Those people in Berlin are like starving wolves eyeing a piece of juicy meat, and Angelia practically bared her own neck to their fangs.

Ulrich: This isn't an issue of whether I warned her beforehand or not, K.

Ulrich: Ange's actions would inevitably have consequences.

Ulrich: That's just who she is.

K: So...what are you worried about?

Ulrich: The people in Berlin have taken her, K.

Ulrich: And there's nothing I can do. I am out of my depth here.

K: You're right, they won't let go of Ange so easily.

K: I know their methods. They will shake her till she gives up the information they're after.

K: They won't stop until she succumbs.

Ulrich: From now on, she is on her own.

K: You say that, but you've still transferred J and Light to Berlin. You're still doing whatever you can to help her.

Ulrich: ...

K: ...What?

Ulrich looks up at K. Her face is largely unreadable, but the faint traces of apprehension does not escape K's experienced eyes.

Which is both surprising and puzzling to K—such a large reaction is a rather uncharacteristic display of weakness for someone like Ulrich.

Ulrich: ...K.

K: Yes?

Ulrich: I did not arrange any transfers.

K: Huh?

K is clearly not as good as masking his own emotions. His obvious shock has even drawn the attention of the two bodyguards, who have been watching them.

K: Then who was it?

K: They certainly aren't being dispatched on some ordinary mission... And the fact that they've chosen to send us means their aim is to help Ange.

Ulrich: That's right, this could be a good thing for Ange...so don't worry, K.

K: I'm not worried. Ange and I aren't THAT close.

K: I'm just a bit shocked that someone could bypass your authority and issue commands to high-ranking Stasi agents operating in Bremen—who could it be?

Ulrich: I have no idea.

Ulrich gazes down towards the river, where the tireless searchers are still looking for signs of a young woman in the icy water.

Ulrich: The stage has shifted, Schwaben.

Ulrich: ...I just hope we haven't fallen too far behind.

...

...

...

???: ...

A pungent metallic scent permeates the air in the confined space. Beads of sweat slide off a young woman's forehead and drip into the pool of blood on the floor, echoing briefly.

???: ...Are you alright?

Morridow: I'm fine.

???: I have never seen you punished so harshly... Father is furious.

Morridow: Failure deserves to be punished. This is our rule.

???: If you count as a failure, what does that make us...

Morridow: Only one person gets to decide who is a failure, Narciss.

Morridow: Watch your tongue.

Narciss: I understand...

Narciss: So who are we supposed to kill this time?

Morridow: ...

Morridow gets to her feet laboriously.

Morridow: It won't be so simple, Narciss.

Morridow: This time, we may have to make some sacrifices.

Narciss: ...Really?

Morridow: If Father orders you to kill me, Narciss...

Morridow: Will you hesitate?

Narciss: No, I will do it gladly.

Morridow: Very good... I know I can count on you.

Morridow tucks a wet strand of hair behind her ear and gazes at the girl leaning in. She strokes her gently on the cheek.

Morridow: Make it clean.

Narciss: ...Okay.

...
Part 2: An Arrow in Flight I

2

"Here, you must rid yourself of any hesitation. Fear gets you nowhere."

Ange: ...12?

Ange: ...Where am I?

Her head is so sluggish it feels like it had cement poured in.

Even reaching for a thought sends jabs of sharp pain through her head, as if her very brain is being shredded.

Angelia calls out to her second-in-command out of reflex in the dark, but naturally, she receives no response.

Ange: Ugh...!

A sudden noise pierces her ear drums like a sharp needle.

The ceaseless ringing in her ears transports her back to that fateful day buried deep in her memory.

She no longer remembers.

How many times she has recalled the events of that day.

Voice of a Child: Mama!!

Voice of a Child: (Sobs) I want Papa...

Bang!

Ange: ...

...

...She remembers now.

This isn't the Neo-Soviet Union.

Smack!

Splash!

Ange: (Pants)

Splash!

(Gurgling)

Ange's violent writhing sends water splashing out of the bucket, flooding the floor of the interrogation room.

Her two arms are tied to separate posts—her bionic arm restrained by a steel chain, her other arm by a rough piece of rope, which scrapes against the skin on her wrist every time she struggles.

The flax-colored rope is soaked in crimson, and when the blood dries, it turns black.

Ange: Pah!

Ange: (Pants)

...Did she just lose consciousness briefly?

Not only did she pass out, she even recalled past events.

How humiliating.

Interrogator A: I'm asking you again, Angelia!

The coarse man pulls Ange's head out of the bucket of water by the hair for the fourth time and bellows into her ear.

Interrogator A: Why have you come to Germany?!

Ange: Fuck you...

Ange spits viciously.

Interrogator A: You bitch!

(Gurgles)

Ange's face is shoved once again into the water.

Interrogator B: Enough.

Ange: (Gasps)

The other interrogator interjects, giving Ange a brief moment of respite.

But even so, it still feels to Ange that her bones are on the verge of falling apart.

A lean man walks up to her and squats down. In his hands are a small knife and a sharpening steel, which he rubs against each other rhythmically as he approaches. The sound of scraping metal sends chills down Ange's spine.

Her fringe is soaking wet and sticking to her forehead, but it does not obscure her vision.

Interrogator B: Are you still with us? What's your name?

Ange: Elizaveta Schwarzkopf.

Interrogator B: ...Why have you come to Germany?

Ange: To travel. And to climb the Reichstag Building—that's one of the top three things all Soviets want to do, don't you know?

Interrogator A: Angelia!

Clang!

A hard rod knocks Ange in the back of her neck. Her vision darkens for a second. She almost passed out again.

Interrogator B: Caffrey! I'm asking her questions!

Interrogator A: But...

The burly man looks a bit disgruntled, but he still puts away his rod reluctantly.

Ange: (Pants)

Interrogator B: Look, Frau Ange.

Interrogator B: I know you are very well-trained, but your lack of cooperation does neither of us any good.

The man leans in close until his savage face is mere inches away from Ange.

His voice is more coarse and gravelly than before.

Ange glances at the scars on his face and the knife in his hand.

Ange: Is this how the Stasi treat their guests?

Interrogator B: We always show great hospitality to our guests, but we also show no mercy to our enemies.

He rests the blade against Ange's cheek and leans in even closer.

Interrogator B: You started a large-scale riot on German territory.

Interrogator B: And you ruthlessly murdered a public servant working for the German government.

Ange: For the last time... Morridow is a Paradeus spy.

Interrogator B: Nobody can verify that, Angelia.

Interrogator B: From our point of view, after a government worker boarded a plane with you...

Interrogator B: She was thrown out of the aircraft with no protective measures. Her fate is still unknown.

Interrogator B: This is murder, Angelia.

Interrogator B: You murdered Morridow.

Ange: ...Bullshit.

Ange: You're making up this load of crap just so you can hold me captive?

Ange: You really need to sort out your priorities, you know?

Seemingly unaware of the blade pressed against her pale, emaciated face, Ange's eyes are still sharp like a hawk's.

Ange: You don't actually give a damn about one stupid secretary. You're just looking for an excuse to detain me, and now you finally have it.

Interrogator B: ...

The man taps the knife against Ange's face and gestures to the burly man behind her.

Interrogator A: No one asked your opinion!

Smack!

Another excruciating blow lands on Ange's back.

Ange: (Wheezes)

The blow catches Ange by surprise and she starts coughing violently. Thick globs of blood drip from her lips into the bucket, infusing the dirty water.

...Was the water this dirty to begin with or did the filth actually come from her?

She can't remember. She has even lost track of how long she's been here.

Interrogator B: You're one to speak your mind, and so am I.

The man narrows his eyes.

Interrogator B: Tell me, Angelia.

Interrogator B: What did you see on the lower levels of the submarine base?

Interrogator B: Tell me...and I'll guarantee your safety.

Ange: Ha...haha...hahahaha.

Now that the man has finally asked the million-dollar question, Ange lowers her head and starts snickering.

Interrogator A: What's so funny, bitch?!

Ange: (Coughs) Hahaha.

Ange: This. I had to watch Morridow slip out of my fingers for this.

Ange: For your filthy and pointless power struggle!

Ange: Go to hell, fuckers!

Ptooey!

Ange spits a mouthful of blood on the man's face.

Interrogator B: ...

The man's face instantly contorts with rage. He tosses the sharpening steel into the bucket.

Interrogator B: You'd better pray this won't leave any scars.

Ange: I. Have. A. Whole. Collection.

Slam!

Voice of a Woman: Stop right there. That's quite enough.

The heavy metal door opens a crack, letting in slivers of light into this dark room.

The man stops immediately. The tip of the blade pierces the skin on Ange's left cheek, a drop of blood seeps through and rolls down.

Interrogator B: ...

The woman who came in abruptly waves wordlessly at the interrogators.

The two men, who were boiling with rage just seconds ago, collect themselves right away, give her a curt nod, and stand aside.

Two men in suits walk up from behind the woman and untie Ange's restraints. They hoist her up like ragdoll and drag her roughly towards the door.

Ange: ...What do you want with me?

Nobody answers her. She has no choice but to let the two men take her out of the room.

Before she can get a good look at her surroundings, a sack goes over her head.

...

Thud!

Ange is shoved brusquely from behind and she crashes onto the floor like a sandbag. A door closes behind her.

They moved her somewhere else?

She can't see a thing. Her recently untied hands are now cuffed again. She struggles to roll onto her back and finally manages to sit up. She tries to remove the sack over her head.

???: Ange?

While Ange is still writhing around, a hand stretches out and pulls the sack off her head.

An anxious AN-94 comes into view.

Ange: ...94?

AN-94: Ange, you are very badly injured.

AN-94 picks up Ange with practiced ease and puts her down gently on the sofa.

Only then does Ange notice she has been moved into an ordinary room. It is clean and even furnished—at least it certainly doesn't look like an interrogation chamber.

Ange: I'm fine... Where are the others?

AN-94: I don't know. We've been locked up separately the whole time. I only got brought here minutes ago.

Ange: (Hisses)

Before they can say more, the door opens again.

AK-12: Have you considered getting a pair of bionic limbs yourself?

AN-94: 12!

AK-12: 94? ...Ange!

AK-12 smirk vanishes the moment she sees Ange.

AK-12: What the hell have you done to her...you bastards?!

She spins around, ready to unleash her wrath on whoever brought her here, only to find that the door is shut once again.

Ange: 12!

Ange: ...Calm down.

Ange raises her voice to stop AK-12 but the effort ends up tearing a wound open. She collapses into another coughing bout.

AK-12: Take it easy, Ange. You look like hell.

AN-94: We have to get out of here. Ange needs medical treatment.

AK-12: You're right, but I have a feeling this isn't over yet. There must be a reason why they're suddenly putting us back together.

The door opens a third time, revealing a hulking figure.

Security Guard: ...G-Get in!

AK-15: ...

AK-15 enters the room in silence, followed by the wily RPK-16.

RPK-16: Oh wow, the whole gang is here. Are we taking one last family photo before facing the firing squad?

AN-94: Firing squad?

Ange: ...You think we're about to be executed in secret?

RPK-16: Why else would they suddenly bring us all together?

AK-12: Well, they can suck it. 15, did you pass by any armories on your way here?

AK-15: ...No, but I saw a few armed guards on patrol.

AK-12: Good enough. We'll each get ourselves a gun and shoot our way out of here.

AK-12: You're in charge of carrying Ange. It's not like you can be of much use anyway.

RPK-16: Ouch, how mean.

Ange: Enough.

Ange sits up on the sofa.

Ange: ...I haven't told them anything. Even if they're going to execute us, it won't be any time soon.

Ange: Not to mention how their attitude changed so abruptly.

Ange: I'm guessing there's been some unexpected development.

AK-12: Unexpected development?

Before Ange can answer, the door opens again.

Female Official: ...

The woman that brought Ange out of the interrogation chamber appears before her once again.

Ange: What now?

Female Official: You may leave. We have arranged temporary accommodation for you.

Female Official: From now on, Angelia, you may not leave Berlin.

Female Official: You must stay at your designated accommodation and observe curfew rules.

Female Official: Effective until our investigation concludes.

Ange: So I'm being placed under house arrest.

Ange: Is that really necessary?

Female Official: You may go.

Female Official: Now. This instant.

Not bothering to answer even a single question, the female official seems extremely impatient. It's almost as if she can't wait to be rid of them.

Ange exchanges puzzled looks with her Dolls, but before she can say anything, they are all escorted out of the room by a few gruff security guards.

...
Part 3: An Arrow in Flight II

3

Ministry for State Security, Berlin.

After exiting the building, Ange looks up at the blue sky that she so sorely missed.

Ange: And here I thought nowhere is as cold as the Soviet Union's administrative complex.

Ange: I envy those who complain about blinding sunshine.

AK-12: What's the meaning of this?

AK-12 is still seething about their treatment.

AK-12: A 48-hour interrogation experience?

AK-12: Not even an extra minute?

AK-12: Can I extend my session?

Even their weapons have been returned. Ange caresses her pistol and fights the sudden urge to charge back inside and shoot everyone.

AN-94: But isn't it good that we're released?

Ange: Of course it's good, but I can't help but wonder—why?

Ange looks up at the long flight of stairs before her thoughtfully.

RPK-16 and AK-15, who were the first to leave the building, are now sitting at the bottom of the staircase.

RPK-16 is tapping away at the laptop computer she is balancing on her knees. A cable joins the two Dolls by the neck.

Ange: Were you all locked up in separate cells?

Ange shuffles down the stairs slowly and sits down next to her subordinates.

AK-15: ...

RPK-16: Neural cloud...okay.

RPK-16: Fire-control core...okay.

RPK-16: Sorry, what was that again?

AN-94: Yes, I was held inside an electronically-sealed room.

AN-94: But they didn't do anything to me.

AK-12: Apparently, they were worried that the four of us would be violent in our resistance.

AK-12: Which is ridiculous—if we had wanted to raise hell, it would make no difference whether we were locked together or separately.

Ange: How long was I in there? Two days?

RPK-16: It's been more than two days since we got off the plane.

RPK-16: While we were held captive, they wouldn't let us see anyone, nor were we allowed visitors.

RPK-16: All our equipment and weapons were also confiscated.

RPK-16: I honestly thought we would only walk out of there to have our neural clouds fried.

AK-12: What do you make of this, Ange?

Ange: The detention was uncharacteristically short. It should've lasted at least another week.

Ange: They obviously have no qualms about torture, but they ended up releasing me before they could beat the information out of me. That's very odd.

AK-12: True, we shouldn't count on the Germans suddenly developing a conscience.

Ange: Someone pulled some strings behind the scenes.

Ange: Our release definitely wasn't a coincidence.

AN-94: Could it be Chairwoman Ulrich?

Ange: If Ulrich had that much power, we wouldn't have ended up in this sticky situation in the very first place.

Ange: ...48 hours is more than enough for Morridow to make it across the border into the Soviet Union.

AK-15: I heard that Mr. K has taken over the investigation.

AK-15 suddenly opens her eyes and joins the conversation. RPK-16 deftly unplugs the cable from her neck.

RPK-16: Take a seat, Captain.

AK-12: No thanks, I can run a diagnostic on my own.

RPK-16: We've been held for two whole days. If they messed around with our hardware or software, you'd want to find out now, so stop being a sulky child.

RPK-16: You do realize that as things stand, there's no way we can find even cheap replacements for our bodies, right?

AK-12: ...

AK-12 sits down grumpily at the spot previously occupied by AK-15.

Ange: K took over... I have nothing against him.

Ange: But they might as well have lined the streets and given Morridow a warm send-off across the border.

AK-15: We wouldn't catch her in time even if we set off now.

Ange: I know. Not to mention that these Krauts are restricting my movements.

Ange rests her hands on her knees and slowly scans the empty streets around her.

Who knows how many hidden pairs of eyes are currently observing the group having a conversation on the stairs.

Ange: They had to keep a low profile even though they're on their home turf...

Ange: Looks like whoever helped us is of considerable status and authority.

RPK-16: All this speculation does us no good. Even without all these obstacles, we still need time to rest.

RPK-16: Willpower is all that's keeping Miss Ange on her feet in her present condition.

RPK-16: You're in no state to continue our investigation, are you?

RPK-16 leans towards Ange affectionately and takes a long, deliberate look at her quivering legs.

AK-12 forcefully yanks the cable connecting her to RPK-16 and jerks her back.

AK-12: I'm with her on this one, Ange.

AK-12: You can play tough all you want in front of others, but you sound like you want to get back to work in your current state.

AK-12: Not only is that reckless, it's downright stupid.

Ange: ...We've already wasted too much time.

Ange glares at her knees and growls defiantly.

AK-12: Then what difference does a few more hours make?

AK-12: You said it yourself—you thought they were going to keep you for at least a week.

AK-12: But it's only been 48 hours—plus a few more hours of sleep.

AK-12: We're actually ahead of schedule.

Ange: ...Fine.

Ange: But before I rest...

Ange: Nobody objects to some light workout, hm?

Ange gives her thighs a smack and slowly stands up.

RPK-16 unplugs the cable and gestures to AK-12 that the diagnostic is complete. She jokes jovially as she packs away her equipment.

RPK-16: My, so Ange likes toying with young men.

She looks around thoughtfully and makes a face in the direction that Ange was squinting at.

Ange: Don't put it so weirdly.

AK-15: ...Two on the left, three on the right.

AK-15: About eight in the building behind us.

AK-15: What should we do with them?

Ange: Let's give them a lesson and teach them to show some respect to veterans.

Ange: Give these Krauts hell.

AK-12: Yes, ma'am.
Part 4: Torricelli's Trumpet I

4

The next day, in an apartment.

The warm sunshine of late summer seeps through the window and shines upon the wooden floorboards, filling the entire room with gentle light.

It only takes half a second for Ange to shake off her drowsiness and reach for the pistol she has hidden underneath her pillow.

She distinctly remembers closing the curtains before going to sleep.

Ange: ...

AK-12: Good morning, Ange.

When she opens her eyes, she sees AK-12 sitting on a wooden chair brought in from some other room, casually sipping a cup of coffee.

Ange: ...Get me a cup as well.

Ange puts down her gun and slowly sits up.

Expecting to heal overnight is a bit unrealistic...but getting some sleep is enough for her.

AK-12: It's on your bedside table. I also got you some blueberry cookies.

AK-12: You look like you could use some carbs and vitamins.

Ange scratches her head and looks toward the bedside table.

The coffee and cookies are sitting there waiting for her... Surprisingly, she didn't notice the aroma until now.

The warm beverage with its bitter sweetness washes away the last trace of grogginess in her head.

This girl isn't a good cook in any sense, but she always knows exactly what she needs.

Ange: ...The temperature is just right.

AK-12: Thanks.

Ange: I told you not to run bio-scans on me.

AK-12: I just gave you a quick checkup. You needed medical treatment.

AK-12: If I hadn't scanned you, how would I know when you would wake up?

Ange: ...Tsk.

The blueberry cookies have just the right amount of tanginess.

AK-12: How do you feel?

Ange: Didn't you just scan me?

AK-12: I'm asking about how you're feeling.

Ange: It hurts where it should.

Ange: But that's a good sign—it means I'm getting better.

AK-12: The scan result says as much.

AK-12: If it were anybody else, I'd recommend staying in bed for another week, but I'm guessing you're already raring to go.

Ange: What's the situation out there?

AK-12: What can I say? It's exactly what you'd expect in the very heart of Germany.

AK-12: This apartment is much better equipped than the one we were given in Bremen—in terms of both living condition and surveillance.

AK-12: RPK alone has discovered enough bugs and hidden cameras to open a store.

Ange gets out of bed and walks around AK-12 to the window. She peers outside and studies the view.

They are on the eighth floor. The Stasi have put them somewhere high up, probably so that they can keep a better eye on them.

AK-12: While you were resting, RPK and I have gathered some information on what happened while we were detained.

Ange: How are things over in Bremen?

AK-12: As you expected, K let Morridow escape.

Ange: ...Tsk.

Ange: Nevermind. It would be very difficult to capture her under such circumstances.

Ange: Even I underestimated her combat capability.

Their apartment block is the tallest building in the area, but Ange can still spot the flashing specks of light from the building across the street.

Ange: Is that the Stasi or someone else?

AK-12: Hard to say, but most of the Stasi agents would be in this building.

AK-12: It may well be someone else if they're monitoring us from across the street.

Ange shakes her head and closes the curtains.

AK-12: Oh, and it's not all bad news.

AK-12: They found this when they searched Morridow's apartment.

AK-12 produces a document.

The document does not contain much information, and there is just a single photograph.

Ange turns around and looks at the photo on the table. A photo of a large mansion.

Ange: ...I know this house.

AK-12: Looks familiar, doesn't it?

Ange: You got the location?

AK-12: Not yet, RPK is on it.

AK-12: But even if we find it, these Germans won't let you wander around.

Ange: How many people are watching us right now?

AK-12: Are you sure you want to know? Don't say I didn't warn you, but it's even worse than in Bremen.

AK-12: Also, these people aren't friendly at all. I doubt we'd be getting any burger deliveries from them.

Ange: Is there any way we can lose them?

Ange: I don't have time to waste on them.

AK-12: Easier said than done. We don't have Stasi agents giving us a hand this time. Quite the contrary, they are mobilizing en masse just to monitor our movements.

AK-12: This is their home turf, it will be challenging to slip away from right under their nose, to say the least.

Ange: ...Tsk.

Ange rubs her temples.

Ange: Since they're going to such great lengths to keep tabs on me, I'll just stay here.

Ange: Any idea who it was that set us free?

AK-12: I was just about to get to that.

AK-12: RPK and I spent the whole night trying to figure that out, but we haven't got much to work with.

AK-12: The Germans aren't happy at all that we've been let out and are watching our every move.

Ange: Humph...

Ange: So basically, you haven't learned anything?

AK-12: That's not entirely true. At the very least, we learned more about the current situation.

AK-12: By the looks of it, Berlin already has its hands full with its own problems.

Ange: What do you mean?

AK-12: Look at this.

AK-12 picks up the remote control and turns on the television in the room.

The morning news happens to be on at the moment, and a fierce-looking woman appears in front of the camera.

???: Good morning, Shadowless reporting here on the frontlines.

???: We are currently on the eastern riverfront, where the mass demonstration is escalating.

???: Please take a look.

The scene shows a rambunctious group of people shouting and displaying banners written in German. They all have the same symbol painted on their faces.

The armed anti-riot police force hovers some distance away hesitantly. Finding strength in numbers, the protesters block off the roads and do not back down even in the face of public authority.

Shadowless: The protesters are getting louder and louder. Their representative claims that this is a rightful protest against the government's inaction.

Shadowless: According to certain sources, this could be related to the obstructions encountered by the Idunn Formulation Type-III, an ELID serum developed by Galatea Corporation...

Ange takes a sip of coffee before putting down her cup and picking up the document from the table.

Apart from the photo of the mansion, it mentions some of Morridow's personal information. Ange did not expect any of it to be particularly useful, so she isn't disappointed.

Ange: What's the deal with these people?

AK-12: There have been a large number of incidents in Berlin in the past three months.

AK-12: They've had multiple riots, bombings and other kinds of insurgence. Due to the difficulty in investigating and the sheer number of cases, the Berlin police is gradually losing control over the situation.

AK-12: And in the last month, these disturbances have started to affect the daily life of ordinary citizens.

AK-12: It probably triggered some deep-seated malcontent in the people, and large-scale demonstrations broke out in the city.

Ange: Demonstrations? They're happening right now?

AK-12: That's right—they're taking place this very moment. The government district is still able to maintain the illusion that all is well, but it's utter chaos in the Old Town district.

AK-12: As you can see on TV.

Ange watches the real-time footage on the television with a frown. It's obvious that these people didn't take to the streets on a whim. Their anger must have built up over a long period of time.

For some reason, she feels a surge of unease, but she can't quite put a finger on what is bothering her.

Still mulling over this, Ange stretches out her arm to put the document back onto the table.

Clatter.

The file falls onto the floor, making a loud noise.

AK-12: Ange?!

Ange: ...

Ange stares dubiously at her left hand. She gingerly curls her fingers into a fist.

AK-12's eyes widen.

Ange: It's been a while since I last had it serviced.

Ange: Probably just some malfunctioning parts.

AK-12: ...Should I run a more detailed scan on it?

Ange: Don't bother. There are neither doctors nor suitable parts.

Ange: If I let the Stasi touch it, god knows what kind of malware they'd plant in there.

AK-12: Right... Then let's just hope you won't suddenly drop your gun when facing off some bad guy.

Ange: I shoot with my right hand, 12.

Knock knock.

Ange: Come in.

RPK-16: Good morning, Ange. Did you sleep well?

RPK-16 opens the door and enters jauntily. She immediately zeros in on AK-12, who's sitting in front of the window.

RPK-16: You look quite well-rested?

Ange: Cut the crap. What is it?

RPK-16: It's about the good samaritan who helped us.

RPK-16: AK-12 and I spent the whole night trying to identify them in vain, but things seem to have changed.

Ange: Oh?

RPK-16: I just received a message via my intranet.

RPK-16: The message completely bypassed my firewalls. I only noticed it when it came through.

RPK-16: I've tried, but I couldn't trace it.

AK-12: Not even you?

RPK-16: Not even me.

Ange: What does it say?

RPK-16: The subject is a Bible verse number.

RPK-16: "John 8.12".

Ange: "I am the light of the world; he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life."

Ange: John, Chapter 8 Verse 12.

Ange: ...How pretentious.

AK-12: And revolting. It's probably a stupid question, but does this remind you of anyone in particular?

Ange: Do I look like I know someone so obnoxious?

RPK-16: The message itself reads...

RPK-16: "Dear Ms. Anna Viktorovna Tsoi,

RPK-16: "I hope you will forgive me for meddling, but I deeply regret what happened in Bremen and the bad decisions the Stasi has made due to internal strife.

RPK-16: "There are things I wish to discuss with you concerning Paradeus, please meet me after lunch.

RPK-16: P.S. I hope you find the apartment satisfactory." ...Then there's an address. It looks like a bar in the Old Town.

RPK-16: A bar called "Athena's Owl".

AK-12: I'm getting a mop.

Ange: A mop? For what?

AK-12: For cleaning up my puke.

RPK-16: Will you go to the meeting?

Ange: To be honest, I don't want to—not one bit.

Ange: Do you know the three types of people that I hate the most?

RPK-16: People like AK-12 and people like me?

Ange: People with no conviction, pretentious pricks...

RPK-16: And what's the last type?

Ange: William.

Ange downs the rest of her coffee, pops a cookie into her mouth, and throws on her coat.

Ange: But right now, I don't really have a choice. At the end of the day, they did save me.

Ange: I should at least hear them out.

RPK-16: Alrighty~ Let me get 94 and 15.

Ange: But before that...

...

Stasi Agent A: ...The targets have left the building.

Stasi Agent A: They're heading northeast.

Stasi Agent B: Copy that.

Stasi Agent B: Five targets confirmed.

Stasi Agent B: It's Angelia and her Dolls.

???: Those are members of the Wolf Pack, top-of-the-line Tactical Dolls developed by Soviet Statesec.

???: Squad B, bring along your precise visual gear and stow away your weapons.

Stasi Agent B: Roger.

???: Frau Angelia is highly experienced. Do not lock horns with her.

???: If you have difficulty keeping up with her, report her final coordinates before you lose her.

???: Another squad will take over from there.

Stasi Agent A: Understood.

???: ...As locals, we know the terrain and the traffic. This is our greatest advantage.

???: Eat her alive. It's time to show what the Stasi are made of.

Stasi Agents A & B: Yes, sir!

...
Part 5: Torricelli's Trumpet II

5

...

This isn't the first time Ange has visited Berlin. The last time she was here, the now abandoned quarantine wall was still functional.

The river runs through the city, separating the city center and the Old Town district. Soon after Ange goes through the Brandenburg Gate, she arrives at Alt-Berlin.

It's already past noon, but the demonstration is not over yet. In fact, it has even more momentum than shown on TV.

Ange: Looks like people face the same problems no matter which country they live in.

AK-12: I've always thought Germans are stoic.

AK-12: Turns out they are still very vocal about their dissatisfaction when they are pushed too far.

Ange: That stereotype should've been deconstructed the moment you met J.

AN-94: Why are they protesting?

Ange: Because of the economy, the environment, their livelihood... It's always the same reasons.

Ange: If society doesn't make any fundamental changes, these problems will never go away.

RPK-16: I just picked up an interesting buzzword.

RPK-16: Have you heard about the anti-Collapse serum?

Ange: Anti-Collapse serum?

RPK-16: A product of Galatea and apparently the cure to ELID.

Ange: Never heard of it. But a bunch of vaccines that claim to be the answer to ELID are introduced to the market every year.

Ange: Then the pharma companies flounder and drown under financial difficulties... No, if the environmental problems are not addressed, humankind will always be plagued by ELID.

RPK-16: You're absolutely right. So long as people are still getting infected, you will never produce enough drugs to cure them all.

RPK-16: Humans really do have a knack for doing pointless things.

Ange: That's none of your concern. Right now, we have more pressing issues.

Standing on the riverbank, Ange gazes at the bridge that the police has sealed off.

On the other side of the river, countless protesters have gathered, waving their banners and chanting their slogans. To passers-by who have no intention of joining in, their presence is merely an inconvenience that's causing a traffic jam.

Ange: How are our tag-alongs?

AK-12: Still very much with us. These people are not on the same league as those from yesterday.

AK-12: The person in command here isn't to be taken lightly.

AK-15: This is very tricky.

Since the moment they left the apartment, Ange has been trying to shake off the agents that are following them.

But even now, she can still feel their eyes boring holes into her back. She was expecting it, but she is nonetheless rather surprised by the level of their skills.

Ange: We're almost there.

Ange: I can't lead them straight to the meeting place. You know what I mean?

AK-12: It'd be a shame if you miss your booking and lose your table at the bar.

Ange: I phoned to book a table as an answer to their invitation.

Ange: If I show up late because I get tied down, it'll be difficult to gain the upper hand in the negotiations.

AK-12 takes off her sunglasses.

AK-12: In that case, let's make use of these rowdy folks.

AK-12: We'll teach our creepy stalkers to fear us Soviet agents.

...
Part 6: Torricelli's Trumpet III

6

Protesters: The government must address our demands immediately!

Protesters: Bureaucrats who don't give a damn about the people's lives are fascists!

Protesters: Listen to the people!

...

Stasi Agent A: Angelia is crossing the bridge.

???: I knew it. Thank you, your job here is done.

???: Squads C and D, prepare to take over.

Stasi Agent C: Understood.

Stasi Agent D: Understood.

???: Frau Angelia is very skilled at making use of crowds and traffic in reverse-tracking. Pay attention to your lines of sight and blind spots when working with other squads.

???: Also, watch out for their attacks. Even Frau Angelia herself is an exceptional fighter.

???: Not to mention the Dolls.

Stasi Agent C: Angelia has crossed the street. She is now turning into Beckestraße.

???: What about the crowd's movements?

Stasi Agent D: The procession is heading towards Weirlanke in the east.

???: Squads E and F, disperse the crowd.

???: Do not let the target distract you.

Stasi Agent B: Copy that.

Stasi Agent B: The Berlin Police is in the area. Should we notify them?

???: Untrained personnel will only make things more difficult for us. Leave them out of this.

???: It'll be a tough battle once they blend into the demonstrating procession.

???: I will keep an eye on things from a high vantage point. Don't get yourselves killed.

Stasi Agent C&D&E&F: Yes, sir!

???: ...

On top of a tall building, the youth, who is observing the milling crowd from above, turns off his communicator and frowns.

Why is there a large-scale demonstration today of all days?

What is Angelia doing here?

Light: Something just doesn't feel right...

Light: Am I just imagining things?

BOOM!

Light: !

While Light is muttering to himself...

An explosion occurs at the very front of the procession.

...

After pushing her way through the crowd that has gathered at the bridge, Ange soon realizes that there is another rallying crowd in the district.

In order to spread their message far and wide and gain more influence, the protesters keep moving tirelessly.

For Ange, this is naturally a great opportunity—the crowd obstructs her enemies' view; she can dart through the stream of people, circle back and take out her enemies in one fell swoop.

Ange is usually an expert in shaking off her pursuers.

But today, things are not that simple.

Ange: Tsk!

No matter where she goes, these people stick to her like glue, as though she has a GPS tracker on her.

Even when she wants to make a move, she can never completely escape her enemies' line-of-sight—not even for a second.

In such a tightly-packed crowd, she has neither the time nor the space to have a boxing match with them.

What's even worse...

Ange: 12! 94!

AK-12: Ange! Ange, where are you?!

Ange: I'm... Dammit!

How can she tell where she is?

For some reason, a commotion seems to have broken out at the front of the procession, and the demonstration comes to a halt at this block.

The people in the front and the back cannot communicate with each other. The ones in the back try to push forward while the ones in the front are stuck, and chaos ensues.

Under these conditions, even powerful T-Dolls are utterly helpless.

Ange has been separated from DEFY for over five minutes. The Dolls can locate each other by their signals, but it has already occurred to Ange that that isn't the problem.

New protesters keep pouring in from all directions. Even AK-15 cannot make her way through all that people to Ange.

She must think of something fast.

Protester A: Hey, this guy is a cop!

Stasi Agent E: ...!!

Protester B: Scheiße! We have a traitor in our midst!

Stasi Agent : H...Hold on! I'm...!

The sudden accusation causes the already riled crowd to erupt. The protesters direct all their anger towards their target—it doesn't even matter if he is actually a traitor or not.

Ange: ...!

Meanwhile, Ange gets dragged along by someone in a different direction.

Ange: Don't touch me!

Male Voice: Ow!

The man lets out a yelp of pain as his shoulder gets dislocated, but she is still being dragged away. Ange immediately realizes what's going on.

It's isn't just one or two people—everyone around her is deliberately trying to move her in a specific direction.

Ange: You've got to be kidding me...!

Her poorly maintained bionic arm breaks down at this critical moment. Ange struggles in vain and can only let herself drift along helplessly like a lily pad on a pond.

Ange: Get off me! ...Oof.

Whoosh.

One last shove ejects Ange from the crowd. She stumbles a few steps and almost trips over the raised sidewalk.

None of the people who pushed her come after her. The protesters are still bellowing in anger without a glance towards her.

Standing on the sidewalk and steadying herself, Ange finally moves her finger away from the trigger of her pistol... She was this close to going on a killing spree.

It is an immense relief to finally be free of the crowd. She swears never to resort to this method ever again.

Ange: ...

Those people led her here on purpose.

They even got rid of her pursuers for her.

Ange puts her pistol back into its holster and takes a look around, but she sees nothing unusual.

Just she is about to turn away, her heart skips a beat.

Ange: ...I'm here?

"Athena's Owl".

The bar stated in the address is right in front of her.

Its entrance awaits quietly next to the bustling crowd, its neon sign flashing even during the day.

With emotions still running high, nobody is looking this way or paying any attention to Ange or what she is about to do.

By the bar entrance, a raggedy beggar is sitting on the stairs.

Her indifferent eyes follow Ange closely below her hood.

Ange has also noticed her. She wonders if she drew the her attention when she was putting away her gun.

Beggar: ...

Beggar: ...Angelia?

Ange: !

The beggar calls out Ange's name softly. Upon seeing her reaction, she nods.

Beggar: Salvation lies within.

The beggar lifts her walking stick and taps the door of the bar with it.

Then she closes her eyes and leans back against the door frame, seemingly fast asleep again.

Ange: ...Inside the bar?

Ange: Is this some sort of dystopian metaphor?

Should I wait for DEFY or go in on my own?

Ange: ...

After a short moment of hesitation, Ange decides to head inside.

Ange: I think I know who you are.

She knocks on the door softly. After another glance at the slumbering beggar, she takes a deep breath and pushes the door open.

Ring.

A bell jingles brightly to announce Ange's arrival.

Customer A: Barkeep, another Screwdriver!

Customer B: Hey! Did you just hide the menu?

The heavy wooden door has been keeping all the noise in the bar from spilling into the streets. Only when Ange pushes open the door does she notice how boisterous it is in this small space.

The piano playing is drowned out by conversations. She stops in front of the door and scans the interior of the establishment... Such a lawless, chaotic place does make for the perfect meetup place.

Ange: ...

Perhaps because the bar is so isolated from the outside world, nobody seems to have noticed Ange's entrance.

Like other such establishments in the Old Town district, this place is filled with people from the lower stratas of Berlin's society—and the sound of their hollering and clinking wine glasses.

No one but Ange herself hears her footsteps. It's only natural in such a noisy environment.

She strolls unobtrusively on the old floorboards and keeps herself ready to draw her firearm within half a second.

Flippant Man/Speaker>||AVG_20Winter_Whistle

At the counter, a nefarious-looking scoundrel whistles at a bar girl next to Ange.

He doesn't seem to have seen Ange at all. He laughs, flashing his mouthful of yellow teeth, and drains the beer in his stein in one go.

Ange takes a glance at him and quickly retracts her gaze.

She does not want to get into any trouble before the meeting.

The man seems to have the same idea. Still ignoring Ange as if he hadn't seen her, he lifts his stein and beckons for the bar girl to refill it.

He never even glances at Ange the whole time.

Not just him.

Everyone in the bar acts as if she was invisible.

Nobody greets her or asks if she'd like to order something. People don't even look at her.

If someone happens to look in her direction, their gaze just glides over her as though she was nothing but air.

Ange: This is it...

Angelia is a special agent so she can sniff out danger from miles away.

However, despite how bizarre this phenomenon is, oddly enough, she doesn't feel unnerved at all.

She collects herself for a moment before venturing deeper into the building.

Everything feels very natural around her—this is just your run-of-the-mill bar with tobacco, beer, poker cards... The atmosphere is fantastic. Ange would love to have a drink here on a day-off.

Ange: ...Tsk.

...In such an ordinary place, Ange's presence is the only anomaly.

Which is why she knows instantly that she has found her target when she notices another "anomaly".

Most bars put out more tables and seats on the dance floor during daytime to accommodate more customers, and this place is no exception.

But right now, the dance floor filled with tables and chairs is completely deserted...

Except for the only occupied table right in the center.

A round table with two chairs.

A man is seated in one of them. He has his back to Ange, and the only bit of skin exposed is his hand on the arm rest.

Next to him, Ange can see a few bottles of very expensive wine on the table.

Just like with Ange, nobody is acknowledging this man's presence.

The space he's occupying might as well be a separate dimension that Ange alone can see.

???: Please have a seat, Angelia.

???: After the commotion outside, you must be tired.

A low and sonorous voice speaks from the chair all of a sudden. Even though Ange hasn't made a sound, he knows she's there—as if he had eyes on the back of his head.

Ange walks around him wordlessly and pulls out the other chair opposite him.

Ange: I've been playing out this scene in my head many times before I walk through the door.

Ange: I had a lot of guesses, but this isn't what I expected at all.

Ange: ...I don't believe I know you.

???: Not even all of my friends know me.

The middle-aged man with white sideburns sitting in the armchair cleans the lenses of his spectacles as he speaks.

His voice is deep and mellow, which matches the air he gives off.

Even if he hadn't spoken, Ange could have guessed he's a Brit.

He has all the qualities of a typical Englishman—resolute, gentlemanly, proud, distant...and pretentious as hell.

Ange studies him and remains silent.

The man takes his time pushing his glasses up his tall nose. A sharp glint flashes in his pale gray eyes as they focus on Ange.

Ange feels like a prey animal that's been spotted by a predator.

Ange: I suppose special agents should get used to speaking to people who don't reveal their name.

???: You've seen Berlin for yourself while you're on the way here.

???: I hope the discourteous welcome you received hasn't caused you to be prejudiced against this beautiful city.

Brushing off Ange's gibe, the man sitting straight as a ramrod places his interlaced fingers on his lap and smiles at her.

???: But Berlin must have made a much different impression compared to Bremen.

Ange: ...Indeed.

Ange purses her lips to hide her impatience. She puts an elbow on the table.

Ange: Bremen was bad enough.

???: Berlin is worse.

The man remarks offhandedly and directs his gaze towards the pianist performing a relaxing piece.

Ange: Is this why you've brought me here? For small talk?

???: You think this conversation is a waste of time; I beg to differ.

???: Angelia... We are constantly deluding ourselves into thinking that the world is getting back on track.

???: But the truth is staring us right in the face—there is still too much hidden darkness.

???: And where there is darkness, there is tragedy like what happened in Beslan.

???: If all things were bright and beautiful in the world...why would your parents suffer such a terrible fate?

Whoosh.

Ange leaps up from her chair.

Hush...

The moment she jumps to her feet, the bustling pub is engulfed in dead silence.

Ange is now certain that everyone around them—the people who have been deliberately ignoring them, is ready to take her down any second.

There isn't a single real customer in this pub.

???: ...

The man meets Ange's defiant gaze with his own sharp eyes.

He taps an empty glass in front of him with a spoon. The clear sound seems to have restarted the clock, and time once again starts flowing in the pub.

The "customers" go back to clinking glasses and sloshing beer. Everything returns to the same state as when Ange first came in.

The murderous intent that was directed at her vanishes without a trace.

Ange: Are you threatening me?

???: Please forgive me. You are a professionally trained agent while I'm just a defenseless old man.

???: They're simply concerned about my safety if it comes to an altercation.

Ange: That's not what your eyes suggest.

Ange: If I had wanted to do anything, you wouldn't have needed them to intervene.

???: Just sit down, Angelia.

???: Our conversation isn't over yet.

???: Don't forget... If I hadn't helped you, would you have left the Stasi's interrogation chamber?

Without answering Ange's question, the man fishes out a gold coin from his pocket. He gives his thumb a flick and the coin lands heavily in front of Ange.

Ange: ...

Ange watches the spinning coin as it gradually slows down and falls on its side. She looks up at the man again.

Ange: So it's you.

???: We are not enemies, Angelia.

???: On the contrary... We are the closest comrades-in-arms.

Ange: You and me? Ha... I doubt that.

Ange: Someone whose hands are even bloodier than mine is preaching to me about "all things bright and beautiful"? Bah.

???: We share a common goal, Ange.

???: I know you can't argue with that... Our methods may be different.

???: But our aspiration is the same—everything we do is for the sake of Rossartrism.

Ange: "Common destiny"... I've grown tired of this kind of rhetoric.

Ange: You may be able to fool the sheep in your country with that, but don't bother using it on me.

???: Have you never wondered why Zelinsky and Mikhail let you come to Germany?

Ange: ...

???: You are an outstanding agent, I'm sure you can discern the situation.

???: Think about it, Ange. Perhaps you were destined to work with me from the start, just as you were destined to walk into this pub.

???: You are cornered... Right now, you do not have a choice.

???: If you still refuse to trust me or your intuition...

???: You may pretend to have never met me and just walk out of here.

Ange: ...My intuition is telling me to pour a glass of whisky over your head.

Ange eyes the man before her, but he is still smiling benignly despite her provocation.

???: Sit down.

Ange keeps staring at him.

He shakes his head and pushes a glass towards her.

???: If you must, I recommend you do it with this glass.

Ange: ...

Ange takes a deep breath and finally sits back down.

???: This is what I like about you, Angelia.

???: You always read the situation.

Ange: Just cut to the chase. What leads do you have?

???: Let's return to the subject of Berlin... I believe you have seen what's happening out there.

Ange: The demonstration, you mean?

???: Berlin was nowhere this bad just a while ago. It has always been one of the most developed cities in the decontamination zone that has recovered quite well.

???: It is by no means a utopia, but you could rarely find such seeds of discord and instability here.

Ange: That's not what it looks like to me.

???: Seeds can ride the wind. They can also be carried in by beasts.

Ange: You want me to look into this?

???: Yes.

Ange: I have no time for such distractions.

Ange: You know why I've come to Germany.

???: Believe me, Angelia.

???: You will realize that our agendas are surprisingly similar.

Ange: ...This has something to do with William?

???: From what I know, this matter involves a conspiracy.

???: Following the incident in Bremen, Paradeus is planning to stage an even more elaborate terrorist attack in Berlin.

Ange: ...A terrorist attack?

Ange suddenly finds it difficult to breathe.

???: The White Faction's touch is evident in everything that has transpired in the last few months.

???: They have been inciting the people and sowing civil unrest.

???: I believe that when the time is right, they will make use of this unrest to cripple Berlin...

???: In the hope of preventing an outcome that they do not desire.

Ange: An outcome that they don't desire...?

Ange: This has something to do with you?

???: There will be an important meeting.

The man picks up his glass. He seems to have no intention of elaborating.

Ange: What's the source of this information?

???: The information is supplied by a private source with very high credibility.

???: However, that's the best I can do. The specific time, location, personnel, and other details of the attack...

???: ...are for you to investigate.

Ange: Is this all the help you're giving me?

???: I will also provide you with other forms of aid to the best of my ability.

???: Actually, I've already done it.

Ange: You persuaded the government to support me.

That is a statement, not a question.

Ange: So where should I begin?

???: To launch a terrorist attack in Berlin, explosives won't work.

???: It has to be with some kind of new weapon that cannot be detected.

???: A weapon...that we are both familiar with.

Ange: A familiar weapon... Pollen dirty bombs?

Ange: You want me to investigate Leone?

???: Just two days ago, she was escorted to Berlin in secret.

???: She is most definitely connected to this matter.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...I have a question.

???: What is it?

Ange: The mansion. You must know where it is. Tell me.

???: This is irrelevant.

Ange: You know I will not give in.

???: ...

The man lets out a sigh and shakes his head.

???: Once you have settled this business in Berlin, I will give you the location of the mansion.

Ange: Deal.

???: Learn to pick your battles, agent.

???: Sort out your priorities.

Ange: I am still a bit skeptical about what you said.

Ange: But I will look into it using my own method.

???: I don't care about your methods. I just want results.

Ange: So is that it?

Ange: You're washing your hands of this now that you've dumped it onto my lap?

???: I'm a busy man, agent. The battle I'm fighting in a place that you can't see is currently in a critical stage.

???: That said...

???: ...I have nevertheless prepared a little surprise for you.

Ange: Surprise?

???: An old friend of yours is en route with the support and intelligence you need.

???: You may have been going at it in different directions, but I assure you, you are both working towards the same goal.

???: Besides, I'm sure you will be very happy with this reunion.

Ange: ...Who is it?

???: The young commander working for Kryuger.

Ange: ...

Ange raises an eyebrow.

Ange: ...I should've known. It's backup that you summoned, after all.

???: I look forward to our fruitful cooperation.

Ange: You'd better not be wasting my time.

???: I will keep you up to speed if my private source reports any new updates.

???: Also, I suggest you leave through the back door... Things are a bit chaotic at the front entrance.

The man pushes the gold coin across the table to Ange. She glances at it and pockets it promptly.

Ange: ...Thanks.

???: ...

Knock knock.

The man taps the armrest on this chair again before getting up and heading towards another door without a word.

One minute after his departure.

The pub becomes as quiet and empty as a tomb.

...
Part 7: Athena's Owl

    7chevron_right

Ange pushes open the door and leaves the boisterous place behind.

Now that she knows the busy and lively scene was all a sham, she finds it rather sickening.

The gold coin weighs heavily in her pocket, signifying that everything that just happened was real.

...Now, she must hurry back to her apartment and discuss how to proceed with Task Force DEFY.

???: Frau Ange.

Ange: —!

While Ange is still deep in thought, someone calls her name softly from next to her.

Almost out of reflex, Ange pulls back and executes a kick.

Smack!

The kick produces such a loud noise Ange thinks she kicked a sandbag.

But the brief exchange is all it takes for her to take in her interceptor.

Light: One second, please.

Ange: Tsk.

Since her first kick didn't do the job, Ange delivers a second one without even a pause.

Light: Whoa!

The man seems to have expected Ange's attack and nimbly sidesteps it, causing her kick to miss a second time.

But Ange isn't fazed either.

Boom!

Her alloy fist smashes into the brick wall. If this punch had landed on a person, they would've been hospitalized for months.

Light: ...

Backed up against the wall with the small crater a mere inch away from his ear, the young man looks a little unnerved.

But Ange could see that he didn't make the slightest attempt to dodge her punch just now.

He knew⁠—with absolute certainty—that Ange would not hit him, so he did not even flinch.

Ange: Who are you?

The man rubs the arm he used to block Ange's first kick and looks at her apologetically.

Light: I saw that kick coming, but it was more powerful than I'd anticipated. You really are formidable.

He speaks in a perfectly even tone—neither humble nor haughty. Despite being at Ange's mercy, he shows no sign of panic.

Ange: Answer my question. Or the next punch will smash your brains out.

Light: You are not one to murder innocent people, Frau Angelia.

Ange: I can make an exception today.

Ange: And you are anything but innocent, not to mention rude.

Light: Pardon me... I haven't even introduced myself.

Light: As you can see, I am a Stasi agent.

Ange's brow furrows.

Only then does she notice that this man doesn't look older than 20.

Ange: What does the Stasi want with me now?

Ange: Don't tell me you want to send me back to lock me up for a few more days?

Light: No, that's not it.

Light: In fact...

Light blinks, the very image of innocence.

Light: I'm here to help you.

...

AK-12: Welcome back.

AN-94: Ange, are you alright?!

Ange catches sight of her two familiar subordinates the moment she enters the temporary ops room.

She frowns as she shifts her gaze from the Dolls to the man sitting in front of the monitors.

Ange: You've brought my subordinates here. What's the big idea, J?

J: Hey, don't give me that murderous look, eh?

J: It took a lot of work to pull these DEFY ladies out from among the rioting mob and gather them all, you know?

AK-15: We found this place ourselves.

J: Did you have to expose me straight away?!

Light: Thanks for the work, J.

The young man follows Ange into the room and greets J politely before turning to address the DEFY Dolls.

Light: As per our agreement, I have delivered Frau Angelia safely to you.

RPK-16: Well done. If you'd taken another minute, our leader would've clawed her way out through the roof.

Ange: 12, explain.

AK-12: There's nothing much to explain.

AK-12: When we got separated from you in the crowd, we immediately realized it would be extremely difficult to regroup.

AK-12: So we changed strategies and decided to track down those who were monitoring us instead.

Ange: That's how you found this place?

AK-12: It didn't take much effort. After all, they still knew exactly where we were under those circumstances.

AK-12: It was either GPS trackers or having a high vantage point.

AK-12: Once we understood that, it wasn't difficult figuring out the rest.

RPK-16: When we got here, we found out that Mr. J was the one in charge of this operation.

RPK-16: He told us that you were safe and had us wait here while he sent someone to fetch you.

RPK-16: 12 refused to cooperate at first and threw a tantrum.

RPK-16: It was kinda noisy, but then we got used to it.

AN-94: It wasn't that noisy.

AK-12: I don't trust them. J did a decent job in Bremen,

AK-12: But ensuring Ange's safety is my top priority.

AK-12: I only agreed to wait because I believe in Ange.

AK-12: So...have you had your meeting?

AK-12: How did it go?

Ange: I got some information and possible leads.

Ange: At the very least, I now have some idea about what to do.

Ange: So you're the aid that he promised?

Ange eyes Light and J, her gaze moving back and forth between them until finally settling on J.

Ange: Are you in any shape to help? Your injuries look pretty bad.

J: What, wanna spar, wardmate? I don't know who you're talking about, but we are indeed under official order to aid you.

J: It took us some time, but we eventually managed to take over this operation. Now Light and I are in charge of keeping tabs on you.

J: In other words, you can move around freely in Berlin.

AK-12: So who exactly was he, Ange?

Ange: ...The "Earl ".

Ange fishes out the gold coin from her pocket and rubs the intricate markings with her thumb.

A glistening griffin is etched onto the coin.

Ange: Or should I say...

Ange: Griffin Lyons.

AN-94: !

AN-94: Y-You mean...THAT Griffin?

AN-94: THE Griffin in "Griffin and Kryuger"?

AN-94: I hear he...

Ange: Yeah, if I'm not mistaken, it's him in the flesh.

Ange: I don't work for him, but he is very close with Zelinsky and Old Misha...

Ange: I can't tell if he can be trusted, but at the very least, he is on our side.

J: So... Uh, nevermind. I didn't hear anything.

J: What happens next is none of my business.

J: Light, I'm leaving you in charge of everything.

Light: Me?

J: You, duh. K sent me—a poor injured man—here, while he himself stayed behind in Bremen, having the time of his life.

J: Not that he expected I would have to work in the field.

J: In any case, I leave this in your capable hands.

Ange: You haven't asked for my opinion.

J: Well, any objections?

Ange: He doesn't look old enough to drink.

J: He may be young, but he's the most exceptional up-and-coming agent in the Stasi. You've seen what he's capable of, haven't you?

J: He's been commanding the operation to monitor you single-handedly. I didn't do anything.

Ange: So he's been wasting his "exceptional" talent on spying on us?

Ange: If I were you, I'd have already started investigating William's movements in Berlin.

Ange: If you hadn't been wasting precious time, I would've tracked down Leone and the others by now.

Light: I looked into it, Frau Angelia.

Ange: ...What?

Light: I don't know what your current objective is.

Light: But before I came to Berlin, I took over the investigation you were conducting in Bremen and followed through with the remaining leads.

Light: I have recorded everything in detail and compiled profiles...

Light: ...concerning the culprits arrested in Bremen—Leone, Hopps, and Powell.

AK-12: He's telling the truth, Ange. I read them.

Ange: You read them?

AK-12: I couldn't very well just sit here and wait, could I?

AK-12: The three of them have been transported to Berlin for imprisonment.

AK-12: But you're not gonna believe this.

AK-12: Leone was released due to mental illness. She's now living quite a cushy life at a sanatorium.

AK-12: Still in Berlin, obviously.

Light: According to my investigation, everything about Leone's release was highly dubious.

Light: I suspect a person of authority pulled some strings to protect her, but I have no others clues for the time being.

Ange: ...Explain the situation to me in detail.

Light: Yes, ma'am.

J: Wait, hold on.

J: You're not planning to have this conversation here, are you?

J: This really isn't the greatest spot, so I suggest you guys take this somewhere else... After all, you're free to go anywhere now.

AK-12: I agree, Ange.

AK-12: Surely you have a lot to discuss with us...

AK-12: About your conversation with Grif...the Earl ?

Ange: ...

Ange: ...Alright, let's go back to the apartment then.

Light: I'll come with you.

J: And I'll pass.

J: The protagonist shall retreat behind the scenes for now. Young people should be given the time to shine every now and then.

J: Isn't that right, Light? Now that you're back in your hometown, don't forget to make time to visit your—

Light: Let's go, Frau Angelia.

Ange: Sure.

Ange glances at the youth with delicate features.

He's young, brave, remarkable, and ambitious... Just like her when she was young.

But just for a brief second...

His face overlaps with Morridow's in her mind.

...Late at night, in the Commander's office at the Griffin base.

There is a long line of Dolls standing outside the door as the heads of each department wait for their duty assignments.

Thanks to the supplies provided by Havier, roughly 50% of the Dolls in the Griffin base have been rebuilt, enough to sustain basic operations for the base.

However, my inbox is still full of pending work requests...

Springfield: Commander, this is a list of the discrepancies between the manifest and our actual inventory. I've sent a copy to your inbox and filed a copy in the system.

Commander: Alright, I'll look at it right away.

Springfield: Are you sure you don't need a break? You don't look well...

Commander: It's okay, I'm fine.

Springfield looks like she wants to say something else, but in the end she decides against it and simple leaves the office.

Gr G36: The canteen has submitted its ingredients purchase list and budget for approval, Commander. Please take a look at it.

Commander: Alright, I will.

A pile of documents suddenly collapses and Gr G36 stacks them back up again before leaving the office without a word.

Helian: Commander, I.O.P. is asking for confirmation of receipt for the most recent batch of supplies.

Commander: Hang on, where did Springfield's list go...

I dive into the pile of documents and rummage through them...

Commander: Kalina, help me ask Springfield about her comparison list.

The only sound in the silent office is my rummaging through files and folders.

Commander: Is there a flash sale on?

Commander: Don't get distracted, Kalina!

The person who ought to have appeared by my side with a smile on her face still hasn't shown up yet.

Commander: ...Kalina?

I look back and realize that there is nobody behind me.

The only things in this massive office are work documents and my dejected self.

Commander: ...How could I have forgotten, Kalina's on leave.

I reach past the documents on my desk for my coffee mug, planning to gulp it all down. However, the mug is empty save for two or three-day-old coffee stains.

Commander: ...

...Several days ago, during a regular checkup for the human personnel at the Griffin base.

Kalina: Commander, we're the only ones who haven't gone for our checkup yet!

Commander: Right, another routine physical...

Commander: Let me take care of the work I have on hand first.

Kalina: Commander, don't keep burying yourself in work! Your health is important too, you know!

Kalina: (Coughs)

Commander: I'm fine, but you haven't been feeling too well yourself, have you?

Commander: It seems like you've been coughing for a long time now. Are you showing symptoms from your time in the sub base?

Kalina: I'm fine, it's just a small cold.

Kalina: Anyway, don't change the subject! Go for your checkup already!

Commander: But there's still so much work to do...

Kalina: I'm here, aren't I? I'll help share your burden!

Kalina: Now go, it won't take long!

At Kalina's urging, I reluctantly go for my checkup.

Two hours later, the checkup is complete.

Commander: It turned out well. I told you, I didn't need it. I could have approved so many documents during that...

Kalina: ...

Kalina's checkup ended long ago, and now she's curled up on a tiny chair in the waiting area. She seems to be asleep.

Commander: Kalina?

Kalina: ...

Commander: Are you asleep?

As I see her tremble slightly in her slumber, I take off my coat and drape it over her body.

Commander: I can't believe you could actually fall asleep in a tiny place like this...

Commander: You must be exhausted from all the work in last few days.

Kalina remains soundly asleep and does not respond.

I sigh and gently run my fingers through her hair, but I feel a burning heat rise up through my fingertips.

Commander: ...A fever? You need to see a doctor.

Kalina: No...no shots...

Kalina: Must...work...

Commander: This is no time to be stubborn.

I ignore Kalina's drowsy mumbling and gently scoop her up in my arms before hurrying over to the doctor's office...

I open Kalina's medical report again. I don't know how many times I've done this already.

The harm to her body inflicted by her sustained high fever has been converted to numerical data, which are seared in my mind.

Self-reproach. Guilt. Regret.

A complex mass of emotions writhes within my heart, gnawing at my soul like a swarm of ants.

Commander: She's going to get better...

Commander: The doctor said that Kalina can be discharged soon, provided her condition doesn't worsen.

Commander: A petty little sickness like this won't beat someone as tough as her.

Knock knock knock—

Someone is politely knocking on my desk from behind me.

Helian: ...I thought you had passed out, Commander. Why didn't you take my call?

Commander: I didn't notice...

I hurriedly shove the medical report into the depths of my drawer.

Commander: What is it, did some urgent work come up?

Helian: Firstly, I'm here to remind you to send the supply receipt confirmation I mentioned earlier.

Helian: Second...

Helian: The schedule for the Sangvis training ground has been cleared out.

Commander: Huh? The Sangvis training ground? Why?

Helian: Judging from Kalina's work diary, the Sangvis training ground is being temporarily used as a Paradeus special drill area due to a lack of suitable venues.

Commander: The Paradeus special drill...

Commander: Right, I understand.

Helian: Mm. I'll be going, then.

Commander: Thank you.

Helian: Please take care of yourself, Commander.

Helian looks at my face with a worried expression of her own. She sighs and leaves.

Commander: ...

I look through Kalina's desk and find the Paradeus special drill program that she has compiled earlier.

The early phases of the program are almost complete. After that, all that remains is to carry out several rounds of statistical analysis.

Commander: Kalin, once you get back, I'm going to show you that everything is still running smoothly, the way you left it.

I tighten my grip on the program sheet in my hand. Kalina smiles at me from the picture on the desk.
Part 2: The Way of What is to Come

2

...

M200: I'm organizing the data related to the "Paradeus Special Drill Program".

M200: In order to avoid arguments about mistakes and who's better than who, I'll only be discussing the enemy data.

M200: Most Paradeus units have force fields, which means we'll need HOC support to fight them.

M200: The first problem we need to address is when to request fire support and how to protect our supporters.

VHS: So we need to work with the HOCs, huh...

VHS: Leave it to me. I'll talk to Gr G3 about how to solve that problem.

M200: This is a Doppelsöldner. They typically patrol alone, but they possess rapid fire area-of-effect weapons.

M200: Of note are their grenades, which cannot be avoided and cause great damage to us. We need the HOCs to bring down their force fields and then focus fire to kill them.

M200: We also need to consider how to minimize the damage we take when we fight them for real...

AUG Para: You're telling me something this divinely beautiful is actually our enemy?!

General Liu: What a shame...

M200: Indeed, its white exterior is almost mesmerizing.

M200: Aesthetically-appealing enemies with an air of sanctity to them, and vicious-looking things that we need to protect. I wonder how many more such paradoxes we will encounter in the future?

M200: The second threat we may encounter is the Uhlan.

M200: They're somewhat slow, but not even force fields can block the damage from their ram attacks, so we need to be on the lookout especially for the warning signs of an incoming ram.

M200: However, if we can set up realistic decoys to draw their fire, we can focus solely on destroying them...

M200: Of course, that's assuming they don't show up with other enemies.

VHS: So they're slow, but hit really hard?

VHS: I'll pay attention to the startup motion for their rams.

General Liu: It looks waaaaay bigger than us!

AUG Para: We sure have our work cut out for us.

M200: Rodeleros and Strelets are enemies we commonly encounter during rescue missions. They're easier to defeat compared to the Uhlans and Doppelsöldners.

M200: However, they often come in packs, which gives them the advantage in numbers. Enemy groups that consist of different kinds of units can cover each other's weaknesses and are thus harder to defeat.

M200: I heard that Thompson and her squad managed to plough through a mixed group on their first go. Team Palette also had a relatively easy time with them. How amazing!

AUG Para: Yes they are, that's Dolls for you.

VHS: I'm sure we'll be fine too.

General Liu: ...Yup!

M200: In addition to their regular forces, Paradeus also has these elite units.

M200: Black Nytos...

M200: White Nytos...

M200: Nimogen...

M200: And Mercurows.

AUG Para: They just look like weirdly-dressed little girls...

General Liu: Yeah, who would have thought that they're actually enemy elites.

AUG Para: Can't we capture them like S.F. forces?

AUG Para: I kinda wanna work with them!

Dandelion's Voice: Unfortunately, we haven't found a way to capture Paradeus units yet. But who knows? Your childish dream might come true someday.

VHS: M200, continue with your presentation.

M200: Ah, okay!

M200: These enemies very often possess disruptive and damaging abilities. They are very fast and very evasive, and most of them have extremely powerful hacking attacks.

M200: In contrast to the aforementioned enemies, I believe these are the most threatening to us. Once we are hacked, we lose the ability to control our bodies...

VHS: Do you have any further questions about the enemies we're going to face?

General Liu: Ugh... No...

AUG Para: None at all!

Just then, a silver-haired Doll runs in.

Gr SL8: Sorry for being late!

Gr SL8: How far through the pre-battle lecture are we?

VHS: ...

VHS: It's already over.

VHS: Everyone, get up and move out.

Gr SL8: ...Oh.
Part 3: Survival Guide (Side)

3

...

Dandelion: I am now organizing data pertaining to "Simulated Griffin vs Paradeus Battles".

Dandelion: These data do not concern the AR Team, Squad 404, or Task Force DEFY, but only the scenario clear records of ordinary Griffin Dolls.

Dandelion: The first group to clear the scenario was Desert Eagle's squad, which made contact with the Failed Isomers.

Dandelion: Their experience with skirmishes and assaults allowed them to quickly make decisions when faced with the threat of enemy hacking and adjust their combat approach accordingly.

Dandelion: The second was Squad FN.

Dandelion: Testing has revealed that Squad FN's ability to respond to sudden developments far exceeds that of other Doll squads, which is probably due to how they are often called on to handle unusual situations and circumstances.

Dandelion: In addition, the social dynamics within the group is worth looking into.

Dandelion: The third is Squad Thompson.

Dandelion: They have similar strengths as Desert Eagle's squad, and they were only 17 seconds behind the squad in second place. I believe the reason for their outstanding performance despite the Dolls' somewhat more inferior specs across the board is because of Thompson's effective leadership and her squad members' ability to promptly carry out orders.

Dandelion: In fourth place is Squad Negev.

Dandelion: Their combat approach is savage yet skillful, and they are adept at rapidly cutting down more fragile units as well as surrounding and wearing down more resilient ones.

Dandelion: These tactics are suited for situations where they are evenly matched with the enemy, but they lack adaptability if the enemy is much stronger than them.

Dandelion: Records of them quickly destroying enemy units during the battle at the submarine base corroborate these observations.

Dandelion: ...

Dandelion: To date, the only squad which has yet to clear the scenario is Squad Puzzle.

Dandelion: There are many problems with the squad and I will list the more severe ones.

Dandelion: Temporary squad leader VHS and temporary squad member Gr SL8 have a bizarre relationship.

Dandelion: At the same time, they have vastly different fighting styles, and their differences in perspectives lead to a lot of unnecessary conflict.

Dandelion: Squad member AUG Para is the squad's mood maker and morale booster. However, her false belief that she is human makes her needlessly protective over her "one and only life" when she fights alone.

Dandelion: In addition, her neural cloud runs the risk of breaking down when her body takes damage, which is something that we need to look out for.

Dandelion: General Liu is excellent overall, but she is extremely poor at adapting to changing battle situations. During the past seven simulated battles, she ended up blue-screening twice on the battlefield.

Dandelion: However, M200's resourcefulness makes up for that. This is the only mutually supportive pairing I have seen in the squad.

Dandelion: In conclusion, Squad Puzzle is not suited to fighting as a team.

Dandelion: End of record compilation.
Part 4: Wrestling Snakes I

4

...A group of Dolls runs through a snowy, wind-whipped battlefield, firing behind them as they move.

Amidst this heavy bombardment, the Paradeus mech pursuing them finally collapses to the ground.

General Liu: This is great... The Doppelsöldner's down!

AUG Para: Look out!

There is a loud explosion, causing General Liu to lose her balance and fall heavily into the snow as intense pain courses through her back.

AUG Para is behind her, but how could she make a mistake like that...?

Still dazed, General Liu looks behind her and sees AUG Para also lying face-down in the snow.

Grenades have shredded her body and it looks like there's no chance of her ever getting back up.

General Liu: She did it to cover me... And it was done because...

General Liu: VHS, a Doppelsöldner's coming!

VHS: I know, the HOCs are ready!

VHS: M200 and I will take it out, you give us long-range fire support!

General Liu: Got it!

Support fire thunders down from the distance, blowing the relentless White Faction mech to pieces.

However, the Dolls remain frozen in place, unable to move.

VHS: M200...

M200: I can't move, VHS... I've been...hacked... It's...her...

M200 drops her gun and collapses like a puppet whose strings have been cut.

VHS and General Liu remain rooted to the spot, facing forward. A slender figure steps out of the gunsmoke and flames, smiling arrogantly at them.

Mercurows: Oh, you servile Dolls, inn of grief, ship without helmsman in a mighty tempest...

VHS: Mercurows...

VHS is having trouble working her arm, but she reaches out toward a nearby command console.

The defense gate closes in from either side, crushing that figure between its slabs with a deep and heavy thunk.

General Liu: The electronic interference is weakening! Thank goodness! Now...

General Liu: Huh? Why is...the defense gate...being pushed open...

Mercurows: A laughable performance, ladies. No man steps into the same trap twice, and this gate isn't exactly hard to hack.

Mercurows: "Behold. Whether that race has done good or evil during its lifetime will make no difference in the end."

Mercurows spreads her arms and raises them in an exaggerated manner.

An indescribable noise assaults the Dolls. Their neural clouds are unable to bear the strain, and in the end they all go offline.

System: Signals lost from four Dolls. One Doll is unable to move.

System: Combat Simulation No. 5 - Failed. Difficulty - Normal. Time elapsed - 5 minutes. Distance travelled - 1000m. System grading - C.

System: Restarting Combat Simulation. All four Doll positions have been reset.

System: Beginning Combat Simulation No. 6.

Gr SL8: Huh? It's over? But I didn't even move...

VHS: ...Please pause this. We need to do a review.

Dandelion: Exiting simulation mode.

The Squad Puzzle Dolls disconnect from the simulator and rise from their seats.

VHS: In this last battle, we encountered the elite enemy unit Mercurows.

VHS: She is an extremely skilled hacker. On top of that, she can restrain a single target and limit our ability to deal damage.

M200: Maybe we could use a drone as bait or have someone volunteer to take the attack while the others open fire while she is restrained?

General Liu: But if we do that, that teammate will... Ah, sorry, I'll defer to your opinions.

I look away at this point, turning to address Dandelion, who has been connected to the control terminal all this time.

Commander: Still no progress?

Dandelion: No. Well, objectively speaking, they HAVE made an improvement.

Dandelion: They didn't even last long enough to leave a record during the first combat sim, but now they have five minutes' worth of data.

Commander: I brought Gr SL8 in to make up for the loss in combat power, so why is it still like this?

Dandelion: The deployment for the combat simulations has VHS as team leader, AUG Para as vanguard, General Liu as support while M200 provides long-range precision fire.

Dandelion: While the temporary transfer Gr SL8 has excellent stats, VHS has no intention of making use of her. All she does is use Gr SL8 as a hostage.

Commander: ...

Meanwhile, Squad Puzzle has finished their review of the battle on the training ground.

Gr SL8 looks like she wants to say something, but VHS ignores her.

The other three Dolls shoot her apologetic looks as they head off after VHS.

Commander: Looks like they're not meshing well.

Dandelion: That does seem to be the case. Frankly speaking, Commander, I do not understand the intention of this training program.

Dandelion: If your objective is to accustom the majority of our Dolls to battling Paradeus forces, then we have already achieved our objective.

Dandelion: Squad Puzzle clearly does not make the grade, so why not remove them from deployment during operations?

Commander: I know what you mean. Not every Doll can gain the skills needed to fight Paradeus units through training.

Commander: The wise choice would be to not waste time and resources on them and spend them on Dolls with more promise instead.

Dandelion: Indeed.

Commander: According to the intel we received from Ange in Bremen, Paradeus is far more active than we imagined.

Commander: Since we'll be facing off against them sooner or later, I would like all the Dolls at the base to be prepared for that eventuality.

Commander: I won't allow mass casualties like last time to happen again.

Dandelion: That does sound like something you would say, Commander.

Commander: More to the point, this is also Kalina's plan.

Commander: I promised her that I would take good care of the base in her place.

I fall silent as I think of Kalina.

Paradeus, Kalina's illness, and the chaotic situation weigh heavily on my heart.

As I watch how swiftly the Mission Failed pop-up appears for the Dolls of Squad Puzzle, I silently add the battle readiness level of Griffin to the list of my worries.

System: Combat Simulation - Failed.

Dandelion: Do you really wish to continue?

Commander: Yes. However, things can't go on like this. I need to think of a way to speed up the process.

Dandelion: What do you mean?

Commander: Let me speak to them.

Commander: Squad Puzzle, can you hear me?

VHS: Loud and clear.

Commander: I'll be directing the battle this time.

VHS: ...Understood.

VHS: Squad Puzzle standing by! Ready for orders, Commander!
Part 5: Hidden Mid-stage dialogue

5

...

Gr SL8: Uh... Should I keep waiting here? VHS, are you still alive? Maybe I could come give you a hand...

VHS: Do you expect hostages to help you on the battlefield?

Gr SL8: Wait... H-Hey, don't hang up!
Part 6: Wrestling Snakes II

6

M200 kicks open the door to the safe house.

M200: I've successfully linked up with the hostage!

Gr SL8: You're here at last!

Gr SL8: This is Gr SL8, I'm in good condition, ready to join the battle at any time.

M200: Let's talk on the move!

M200: We managed to shake off the Uhlans, but the Gladiators and an Isomer are still on our backs. Things aren't looking good!

Gr SL8: Right, so where are the others?

M200: They're fighting hit-and-run battles with the Gladiators.

Gr SL8: Let's go back and help them.

M200: VHS said we should first...

Gr SL8: There are enemies up ahead.

Gr SL8: We can't escape them with just the two of us.

While they debate, the Dolls suddenly feel their thought processes slowing down.

Click, click, click... The sound of high heels draws close.

Glassy-eyed Nytos move past them into the distance, while a run-down White Faction mech lunges at them with no sound or warning of its presence, ripping apart everything it touches.

System: Signals lost from all five Dolls.

System: Combat Simulation No. 8. Time elapsed - 18 minutes. System grading - B.

Commander: The fact that they could reach the hostage so quickly shows that Squad Puzzle has the ability to complete the training program.

Commander: Pause it for now. Let them do another post-op review.

Just as I'm about to say something to the gathered Dolls, I feel a hand gently touch my shoulder.

Helian: I'm very sorry to disturb you, Commander, but something urgent has come up.

Commander: No problem, go ahead.

Helian: I think I'll let Mr. Kryuger explain the specifics to you.

Commander: ...Got it.

I sigh helplessly, then look one last time at the assembled squad before leaving with Helian.

...In Kryuger's office.

Coming here again after so long gives me a pang of nostalgia. It took me right back to when I first arrived at the Griffin base.

Right now, that imposing figure whose rock-solid presence is always infinitely reassuring is raising a wineglass to me.

Kryuger: Care for a drink, Commander?

Commander: ...I thought you weren't the sort to drink on the job.

Kryuger: Indeed, but today is a bit of a special case.

Kryuger: Not going to help yourself?

Kryuger raises a bottle, and pours some clear liqour into the transparent glass.

Commander: In that case, don't mind if I do.

I take a seat in front of him and pick up the wineglass.

Kryuger: It's been a while since I had the chance to chat with you like this.

Kryuger: Looks like things have been quite peaceful for us recently.

Commander: I've long missed days like these.

Kryuger: Heh, only older people talk that way.

Commander: Well, getting sent on so many harrowing missions does tend to age you.

Kryuger: It seems that both your combat performance and your ability to gripe to your superiors are second to none.

Commander: Pardon me, I'll be more subtle next time.

I chuckle quietly, and Kryuger snorts in laughter too.

Kryuger: I honestly didn't expect you to come back alive from Paldiski.

Kryuger: Neither did a lot of people.

Commander: ...

The raging flames, skin charred black by high temperatures, the bodies of fallen Dolls strewn across the ground, Kalina's eyes filled with despair...

I downed my glass of liquor in one gulp.

The burning sensation as it goes down reminds me of that day.

Commander: If there's anything you want to say, you can go ahead and tell me.

Kryuger: Your original mission was only to contain Sangvis Ferri.

Kryuger: However, the Sangvis Ferri forces which have plagued us for so long are little more than ants in the face of the Military and Paradeus.

Kryuger: Those enemies were not originally meant for you to handle, and yet you took care of them anyway.

Kryuger: You have done very well, so well that you have far exceeded our expectations.

Commander: Thank you for your praise.

Commander: Though I sense a "but" coming.

Kryuger: Indeed... But the Mastermind of Sangvis Ferri vanished in that base, along with M4 and M16.

Kryuger: And while the threat of the Military has been neutralized for now, the people who backed them are still hidden in the shadows.

Kryuger: I know you have worked very hard, but from a broader perspective, all we have done is little more than scratching an itch.

Commander: So, are we going to root out the one who's behind everything?

Kryuger: We need to choose an appropriate candidate for the task, because the situation we are about to face will be more complicated than ever.

Commander: I'm listening.

Kryuger: I was once a soldier myself, so I only trust people who have come back alive from the battlefield.

Kryuger: And there are only three kinds of people who come back from the battlefield.

Kryuger: The first kind are timid to the end of their days, who view even the daylight streaming into their rooms as an enemy bombardment.

Kryuger: The second are drunk on slaughter and bloodshed, who build their joy on the suffering of others.

Kryuger: You, Commander, belong to the third kind.

Commander: ...The third kind?

Kryuger: They are people who know why they fight.

Kryuger: Their convictions make them keener, braver, fiercer, and more eager for battle.

Commander: ...I just want to protect what I can protect. That's all.

Kryuger: You seek peace, and you fight for a better peace.

Commander: I understand that reasoning, and I also understand that what I can do is very limited.

Kryuger: And yet, you will not back down. You will not abandon any chance you have to fulfil your objective.

Commander: Sounds like you're hinting at a new mission.

Commander: So...you have a new lead?

Kryuger: Angelia works quickly and precisely.

Kryuger: There is a reason why Zelinsky favors her.

Commander: If you're talking about her investigation in Bremen... I know a little about it.

Commander: But I haven't been able to contact her ever since she left the refugee settlement.

Kryuger: You don't need to worry about her for now, Commander.

Kryuger: Also, I don't think you're content to always be trailing in her wake.

Kryuger: Sometimes, you need to learn how to overtake people.

Commander: Are you going to send me to Germany?

My hand freezes as I'm putting down my glass. I stare blankly at Kryuger until he nods in affirmation.

Kryuger: Like I just said, your valiant deeds at Paldiski have reached the ears of many.

Kryuger hands me an envelope.

Commander: A wax seal?

The document is so exquisite I can't help but gawk. To my knowledge, Kryuger has never been one for this sort of thing.

In the middle of the bright red wax seal is a vigorous griffin baring its claws, like a fearless challenger.

Commander: ...A Griffin? Isn't this our logo?

Kryuger: Do you remember the full name of our company?

The company name?

Commander: ..."Griffin and Kryuger".

Kryuger raises his glass and downs its contents in one mouthful.

Kryuger: We all call him the "Earl".

Kryuger: So should you.

I gulp and reach out to open the letter.

Kryuger raises a hand to stop me.

Kryuger: Read it on the plane.

Commander: ...Got it.

Commander: When am I leaving?

Kryuger: Right now.

Commander: Right now? But...Kalina's still in hospital.

Commander: And the Dolls at the base aren't fully—

Kryuger: I know that this is not a good time.

Commander: ...But it can't be helped, can it?

Kryuger: Bring the Dolls from Paldiski. They're more capable than we give them credit for.

Kryuger: Also, that Isomer that's connected to OGAS—I won't ask too many questions about her, but I suggest you bring her with you.

Commander: Is that really just a suggestion?

Kryuger: The frontline won't wait for you, Commander.

Kryuger: Head out as soon as possible.

Commander: ...

Behind my back, my hand unconsciously feels for the holster at my waist. The familiar sensation reminds me that the pistol which Kryuger gave me is still there.

Commander: Understood, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger falls silent again. He refills his glass, but does not drink just yet.

Instead he swirls his glass, watching as the waves rise and fall in the colorless liquid within.

Commander: ...Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: ...This is probably unfair to you.

Kryuger: But all great endeavors demand sacrifice.

Commander: You gave me a choice.

Commander: And I chose.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger's mouth curls up in a smile, and he touches his glass to the table.

A tremor runs through my heart.

He is offering me a toast.

Commander: ...

I briefly hesitate, then return his gaze steadily.

I raise my glass, and down it all in one go as he watches.

Kryuger: You will live until the end. I can sense it.

Kryuger: But I must give you a word of advice.

Kryuger: ...Trust no one.

Commander: Does that include...yourself and "the Earl"?

Kryuger: Oh yes. ESPECIALLY him.

...At the Griffin base, in the heliport holding area.

The AR Team has already assembled by the time I get there.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander! What's this mission about?

Commander: It's a kind we've never taken on before.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Could it be...

I lay the pictures of the objective on the holding area table.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why is it a girl?

RO635: ...What is this?

ST AR-15: Are we supposed to investigate her or protect her?

Commander: Neither.

Commander: Our mission is to proceed to Bohnsdorf, near Berlin, find our target, and bring her to a designated location.

Dandelion: We're going to kidnap a girl, then? We certainly haven't done anything like that before.

Commander: Someone will come to pick us up once we acquire the mission objective.

Dandelion: Tsk, isn't that what they say for every mission? We always end up having to make do on our own anyway.

Commander: ...

ST AR-15: This is our mission, so what is SHE doing here?

Dandelion: You have your mission, and I have answers of my own that I wish to find.

Commander: This mission is closely linked to Paradeus. Dandelion may end up being very helpful.

Dandelion stands behind the AR Team, ignoring ST AR-15's icy glare.

I smile weakly, and the communicator just happens to ring at that moment.

Commander: One second.

RO635: Understood.

I head to one side and look at my communicator. It's the latest report on Kalina's status from the hospital where she's admitted.

I quickly skim through it, until one sentence at the end captures my attention.

"Suspected mild symptoms of Eurosky Low-Emission Infectious Disease. Further verification in progress."

Commander: ...

My finger trembles as I tap out a phone number.

Communicator: (Dial tone)

Kalina's Voice: Hi! This is Kalina!

Commander: Ka...

Kalina's Voice: Sorry, but I can't come to the phone right now.

Kalina's Voice: If it's urgent, please contact Miss Helian; if it's about something else, please leave your message after the beep.

Beep—

Commander: ...

Commander: Wait for me.

The plane has finished its pre-flight checks, and we can board anytime.

I end the call and head toward the AR Team.

The sky today is a bright, clear blue.
Part 7: Unknown (Hidden mid-stage dialogue?)

7

....

Gr SL8: Scuse me, is anyone there? Do you Paradeus guys have chat functions installed? I've been playing with my Rubik's Cube so much it's gonna break...
Part 8: The Birth of Apate I

8

...Bohnsdorf, on the outskirts of Berlin.

This mission is far more complicated than I expected. This is our third day lurking in Bohnsdorf, but I still haven't found any information related to our objective.

I lean against the window, watching the refugees outside walk down the busy streets. Today is a festival day for Bohnsdorf, and everyone is wearing rarely-seen smiles.

RO635: Commander... Why don't you withdraw first and let us take your place?

Commander: No can do. You know there are Paradeus informants hidden in that village.

Commander: If Dolls went in, they'd be spotted instantly. We can't afford to give the game away.

RO635: I understand, but...

RO635: The longer you spend in the village, the greater the risk that the enemy will find you, Commander.

RO635: And if Paradeus launches an attack, we need to be there ASAP, otherwise...

Commander: Relax. I'm very well hidden.

Commander: Right now, I'm a homeless refugee that Bohnsdorf took in. My name is Robin—

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes, yes, we know, Commander. You've memorized your fake identity really well!

RO635: Commander, that little girl is here.

The transmission ends abruptly.

???: Robin, where are you?

???: Robin!

My train of thought is interrupted by a series of rapid, light footsteps.

I look back and see Elsa, the girl who's been helping me these past few days.

Commander: What's the matter, Elsa?

Elsa: The festival's about to begin! We won't be able to get good seats if we don't go now!

Commander: Yes, yes, I'm coming.

Elsa grabs my hand and drags me towards the festival venue...

The village is plastered with signs celebrating Bohnsdorf Day. The streets have been carefully swept, revealing sparkling-clean ground.

Elsa and I go down the street to the village, and we are herded toward the meeting point by the dense crowd.

A bell rings three times, a grand order to gather, and then Frau Elia steps up to the speaking podium.

Elia: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Bohnsdorf. I am the village chief, Elia.

Elia: Today is Bohnsdorf Day, and we are gathered here to celebrate the founding of Bohnsdorf!

Elia: As everyone knows, Bohnsdorf could not have been founded without the help of Galatea Corporation.

Elia: Galatea has provided us with all kinds of assistance, such as facilities, manpower, resources, skills, and so on.

Elia: Therefore, on this day, we are especially grateful to Galatea for their help.

The sound of vigorous applause rises and falls like a wave.

I clap along with them, while secretly contemplating the next phase of the mission.

Commander: The objective hasn't shown up yet. If she doesn't turn up by today, I should probably pull out and investigate some other place.

Refugee: (Coughs)

Again I see the refugee from yesterday, the one who was kneeling by the dining area and missing a leg. He's leaning against his crutch as he coughs.

Although he's swathed in plenty of fabric, I can still make out the faint signs of ELID scarring on his body...

Elsa: Robin, stop looking around while Frau Elia is speaking!

Commander: Oh, sorry.

Elia: ...Whenever anyone enters Bohnsdorf, I tell them that our village was founded on the ideal of going back to basics—abandoning worldly desires and celebrating simplicity.

Elia: We have done so all this time, by giving up technology and embracing a primitive lifestyle.

Elia: I know many of our friends here have felt the pain of losing their homes, their kin, and their friends, which is why I believe you will cherish this place.

Elia: If you are willing to abandon science and befriend nature, you will be protected by God; you will live in happiness, never again want for anything.

Elia: This is not a boast on my part, but a blessing that God has given us.

I've heard Elia make this speech many times already. In this time of tumult, countless demoralized people eager to escape reality believe that returning to the past will make their lives better again.

But running away solves nothing, because humanity will never be rid of its greed.

Refugee: (Coughs heavily)

Though the refugee tries his best to muffle himself, the sound gradually draws attention.

Elsa: How can he cough while Frau Elia is giving a speech? How rude...

Commander: ...

Elia: I know you will say that technology has changed the world and improved our lives.

Elia: But that is just an illusion deliberately created by corrupt corporations to fool you, to trick you into forking over your money to buy their products!

Elia: In truth, this so-called technology only serves to poison our bodies, making us weaker in the face of Mother Nature's wrath!

Elia: Peel open your clothes and see for yourself! Are the scars of radiation not the best proof of this?

Elia: When you came to Bohnsdorf and abandoned science, did your wounds not slowly begin to heal?

Quite a number of refugees pull back their sleeves and pant legs and gasp in awe at their recovered wounds.

However, that coughing refugee with the crutch starts to wobble...

Refugee: (Groans)

Commander: Wait!

After a long bout of coughing, that refugee collapses lightly to the ground.

The people around him start to panic, and clamor spreads through the crowd.

Elia's impassioned speech continues, but the people's attention has already shifted.

Commander: Why isn't anyone helping him?

Commander: Even if he IS a sinner, surely he deserves some basic medical treatment, right?

Elsa: There's no rush.

As I deliberate on whether or not to go over and help, a calm, clear voice quells the unrest.

???: Excuse me, make way please.

The pacified refugees obediently clear a path, and a girl in a white shawl steps out from the crowd.

Elsa: It's the Saint!!!

Commander: That's the Saint?

Elsa's exclamation makes Elia stop her speech, and the clamor among the people turn into cheers.

The joyous refugees crowd eagerly around the Saint and the unconscious refugee, forming an impenetrable barrier.

Elsa: My Lady! My Lady!

Elsa: Ahhhhh, I can't see anything! Quit pushing!

Commander: ...

Commander: ...Let me help you.

I can only see the so-called saint's back through the milling crowds.

I struggle to lift Elsa higher, and her excited cries blend into the cheering of all the refugees, turning the world into an ocean of joy.

???: ...

Meanwhile, the Saint, who might as well be at the very center of the world, says nothing as she quietly treats the refugee.

After confirming his illness, I see her trace a mysterious sigil over the refugee's wounds, and after a series of these rites, the Saint slowly rises again.

Refugee: (Groans) What am I doing here?

???: You're fine. You just need to rest for a while.

The dazed refugee sits up groggily, and the Saint in white prepares to leave.

Elsa: My Lady! My Lady!

Refugees: It's the Saint! It's the Saint! Praise be to God!

Elia: Blessed be the mercy of God, for the Holy Lady walks among us!

Elia leaves the stage with a beaming smile on her face.

Elia: Today is Bohnsdorf Day, My Lady. Your arrival is truly a blessing from the Lord.

???: You flatter me. I simply did what I should.

Elia: There are several more patients in my room back in the village, I'll take you to them.

???: Sure.

Elia: Please proceed to the dining hall after this.

Elia: Today, we will not be having the standard relief rations, but a sumptuous feast. Please, help yourselves, everyone.

Elsa: My Lady! My Lady! Wait for meeee!
Part 9: Lurking

9

On the outskirts of Berlin, near Bohnsdorf.

The AR Team and Dandelion are carefully scanning all nearby signal emissions.

RO635: There are tons of Paradeus forces hidden in this village of Bohnsdorf.

M4 SOPMOD II: What are they doing in a refugee settlement anyway?

ST AR-15: Who knows?

I throw a worried glance at the AR Team.

Commander: If there are Paradeus forces around, you'll be spotted the moment you go in, right?

Dandelion: Yes, there are many detector units in Bohnsdorf.

ST AR-15: ...

Commander: Looks like I'm the only one who can slip inside.

RO635: Commander, that's too risky!

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah! At least take me with you!

Commander: Relax. I'm suggesting this only because I'm confident I can pull it off.

I pick up a pair of binoculars and resume my observations on the refugees walking freely through Bohnsdorf...

...Inside Bohnsdorf.

After disguising myself as a refugee, I successfully bluff my way past the checks and enter the village.

Commander: Thank you for all the help you've given me. Come to think of it, I still don't know your name.

???: No problem! We should all be helping newcomers!

???: I'm Elsa! What's your name?

Commander: Uh... I'm Robin.

Elsa: Robin? Okay, I'll remember that...

Elsa: Then let me show you around the village!

Commander: Alright.

I lightly tap my micro communicator and send the AR Team the code that indicates I'm safe.

After that, this eager young girl drags me into this mysterious village...

...The next morning, I lean against the window and watch the scenery outside while checking in with the AR Team.

RO635: Commander, we haven't found any suspicious targets yet.

Commander: That's fine. After all, it's been less than 24 hours since I arrived.

RO635: We'll continue searching.

RO635: Oh yes, Bohnsdorf is going to hold an open day tomorrow. Dandelion has already hacked the system to give herself a fake identity and invitation.

RO635: That way we'll be able to support you from two sides at once.

Commander: Copy that.

Commander: I believe tomorrow is also Bohnsdorf's founding anniversary...

A series of rapid footsteps comes from the staircase and I immediately hang up.

Elsa: I just knew you'd be spacing out here again, Robin. Let's go eat.

Elsa laughs innocently as she addresses me by the alias I'm using for this mission.

Commander: Sure. Thanks for helping me out. Things would be a lot harder to get used to if it weren't for you.

Elsa: You just arrived here, so it's normal. This is a secret, but although Frau Elia looks really strict, she's actually a really nice person.

Elsa: She's got everything here planned out nice and proper!

Commander: Well, the important thing is that I get to stuff my face all day without doing any work...

Elsa: Well, you can try applying for some work to do once you're done with your food. They've built a lot of houses recently to take in a new batch of refugees.

Commander: Sounds great.

Commander: That way I'll be able to learn more about this village.

The lunch bell rings, and the refugees form orderly lines as they wait for their lunch.

The woman known as Frau Elia stands at the serving window and holds a thick stack of booklets, dispensing a stern yet gentle admonition to everyone in the queue.

Elia: We thank the Lord for the food He gives us.

Elia: We thank the Lord for giving us homes.

Refugees: Praise be to God!

Elia: All who believe in the Lord shall receive happiness and peace.

Elia: All who defy Him shall suffer disaster and judgment.

Elia: We survive by the labor of our hands and the body given to us by the Lord.

Elia: All who believe in false gods shall be punished by the Lord.

Elia points to several refugees kneeling off to one side. The other refugees passing by lower their heads and pretend they can't see them, as though trying to prove their devotion.

I can't suppress my curiosity and quietly ask Elsa about them.

Commander: ...What does believing in false gods mean?

Elsa: It means doing things forbidden by God, such as bringing electronic devices with them, implanting electronic devices in themselves, indulging in entertainment...

I study the kneeling refugees discreetly. Their faces are deathly pale.

The one thing they all have in common is that they look gaunt, emaciated, and clearly malnourished. Some of them even show signs of ELID infection.

Elia: God grants us grace! Paradeus is God!

Elia: Today's prayer is over. Please collect your food in an orderly manner.

Elia: You few will return to the confinement room to continue reflecting on your sins.

The kneeling refugees thank her profusely before rising in gratitude to leave the dining area.

One of them is missing a leg, and judging by the exposed wounds that I can see, his prosthetic leg was forcibly removed.

He tries to stand up several times but to no avail. The passing refugees continue to ignore him and do not acknowledge his presence at all.

Commander: Isn't anyone going to help him?

Elsa: No! Don't do that!

Commander: What do you mean?

Elsa: "The friends of the sinner share in his guilt."

Elsa: If you help him, you'll also be regarded as a traitor...

Commander: ...

Elsa's little hand tugs on mine, and all I can do is watch as that refugee crawls like a worm under the cold gazes of the surrounding people, writhing his way back to the confinement room without a single shred of dignity...

Elsa: Robin, you're next!

It's finally my turn. However, the first thing that's shoved into my hands turns out to be a booklet.

Elia: Robin, you're new to the village, so these are the village rules, which you must obey.

Commander: Right.

Seeing that Frau Elia has no intention of letting me go, I have no choice but to hastily flip through the pages.

The contents aren't too complicated. Naturally, there are stories and legends about Paradeus and very strict rules and regulations to follow, but there's hardly any information about the leader and the origins of the religion.

Elia: You can read this book every day and I am sure you will gain something different from it each time.

Elia: So, do you have any questions after your first read-through?

Commander: I do have a question, Frau Elia. Why are we forbidden to use any kind of electronic devices, even those needed to ensure basic survival?

Elia: Are you doubting our Lord?

Elia had been all smiles just a moment ago, but her expression is now grim and terrifying.

Commander: I'm sorry, I wasn't...

Elsa: Don't be mad, Frau Elia!

Elsa: Robin just doesn't know how things work around here, I'll explain everything later.

Elsa: Actually, Robin wants to help out and was even hoping you would assign some work.

Elia: Is that so?

Elia's face softens a little.

Elia: Diligence is a virtue. Once you have finished eating, come over to help me take care of the new arrivals.

Commander: Yes, I will.

Elsa: Thank you, Frau Elia.

I breathe a sigh of relief, then pick up a sandwich stuffed full of vegetables and a drink before heading to the dining area with Elsa.

Elsa: We can't use any electronics here. Frau Elia is super scary when it comes to this.

Commander: But that man can't even walk without his cybernetic leg...

Elsa: Well, he just has to bear with it and get used to it. Electronic devices poison our bodies.

Elsa: Do you see all those people with ELID infection? It's because they were in contact with too many electronic devices, and they had to come here to survive...

Elsa: If Paradeus hadn't saved us, then we wouldn't be living such good lives!

Commander: ...

Commander: Is that what the villagers taught you?

Elsa: Yup. Paradeus brought us together and gave us food and a place to live.

Elsa: Naturally, we need to repay that with fervent exaltation.

Commander: ...

Elsa: Hurry up and eat, Robin.

Elsa: Afterwards I'll go with you to do some work.

Commander: Alright.

When the brief lunch period is over, I go to the village checkpoint with Elsa.

The checkpoint is outside the village entrance, and it is already buzzing with activity by the time we arrive.

Some people are in charge of registration and some are in charge of inspection. The sheer number of refugees who need to be checked and the ban on comms equipment result in extremely low work efficiency.

Commander: I've checked all these people...

Commander: Looks like the mission objective might not be in this village. Might have to consider leaving.

Elsa: Quit spacing out, Robin!

Elsa: All these people need our help!

Commander: Oh, alright.

I take the supply packs and hand them to the refugees who are awaiting inspection.

Many refugees in the waiting queue are afflicted with ELID symptoms, but Elsa shows no fear of physical contact at all.

Elsa: Hello! Please accept Bohnsdorf's supplies!

Commander: Elsa, come over here.

Elsa: What is it, Robin?

Commander: You do know ELID is contagious, right...?

Elsa: Sure I do! But I'm not scared!

Commander: ...Let me guess, it's because the faithful of Paradeus are immune to disease?

Elsa: Hahaha, no, silly. It's because we have the protection of the Saint!

Elsa: Even if we have ELID, she can cure us right away!

Commander: The Saint? Is that a Paradeus legend or something?

Elsa: She's a real person! You wouldn't know because you're new...

Elsa: in the past, Bohnsdorf had ELID patients too, but they were all cured thanks to the Saint's purification!

Commander: Can the Saint really cure ELID?

Elsa: Course she can! You'll see once she arrives.

Commander: And when will that be?

Elsa: Maybe in a week, maybe in a couple of days? As long as there are sick people, she'll show up. But whether you can meet her is up to Fate!

Commander: If we can't find the mission objective, investigating this Saint might still be worth it.

I'm just about to ask Elsa more about the Saint when Elia quietly walks up behind me.

Elia: Elsa, Robin, enough chatter.

Elia: There are many people here who still need places.

Elia: Also, our founding anniversary is tomorrow, and we're counting on you to help with the festival arrangements, so please put some effort into it.

Elsa: Ack, she caught us slacking.

Commander: Of course.

One task follows another, without even a pause for breath.

Elsa and I work until nightfall before we return to our homes to rest.

Tomorrow is September 20th, 2064, the anniversary celebration of the founding of Bohnsdorf, and the end of my infiltration.

I wonder how the others are doing as I slowly drift off into sleep.
Part 10: The Birth of Apate II (mid-stage)

10

Elsa jumps down and hastily runs after the Saint.

The refugees cheer and surge toward the dining hall.

Once I'm certain nobody is looking, I slip off to the appointed location and activate my micro communicator.

Commander: Is everyone in position?

RO635: Is everything okay, Commander?

Dandelion: It's been a while, Commander. I almost thought you'd fallen in love with the lifestyle here.

Commander: ...Things are fine on my end.

Commander: How about you? Keep it brief.

RO635: In keeping with the plan, we've infiltrated the village through the lightly-guarded side gates and taken the high ground. Now we're standing by for further instructions.

RO635: Commander, the number of Paradeus units in the village today has increased. Would you like to bring forward your withdrawal time?

Commander: Relax, everything is going as planned.

Dandelion: I'm in position too. I've blended in with the other rich patrons and successfully entered the wealthy quarantine zone of Bohnsdorf.

Dandelion: By the way, Commander, this is a "fake refugee village".

Commander: What do you mean, "fake"?

Dandelion: I can see everything you're doing from there. It's like a circus.

Dandelion: All the forbidden areas in Bohnsdorf are fitted with one-way mirrors and cameras. These wealthy people have come here to secretly observe them.

Commander: ...Say what?

Dandelion: Also, I didn't spot anyone suspicious on the list of wealthy people that Elia provided.

RO635: We didn't find anyone suspicious either.

Commander: ...So there's nobody suspicious in the village. Looks like the past few days were a bust.

Commander: Oh yes, do you know anything about that Saint?

RO635: I saw her heading to the temporary first-aid station in the north.

RO635: Dandelion, why is it so noisy on your side? Have you been noticed?

Dandelion: The "Saint"? What an interesting entity.

Dandelion: The wealthy people here started howling like wild animals the moment she appeared. They were bidding high prices to receive her private attentions.

Dandelion presses her communicator to the slit of the door, and I can hear terrifying cries coming through it.

RO635: ...

Commander: Move it away. I'll have nightmares if I keep listening to it.

Dandelion: In any case, that's how things are over here.

RO635: Commander, are you going to investigate this Saint?

Commander: Well, I can't just leave empty-handed.

Commander: I'll try and make contact with this Saint afterwards. Judging by Elsa's reaction, she seems to have the utmost faith in her.

RO635: Understood. We can move ahead of schedule if anything unusual happens.

Dandelion: I need to go. They'll get suspicious if I'm gone for too long.

Commander: I'll look into the Saint. We'll meet at the rendezvous point when it's time.

RO635: Roger!

I follow the information the AR Team has provided me and find the Saint's trail.

Elia: ...Your faith must be mighty indeed to heal so many people.

???: Faith? I don't have anything that profound.

???: I simply wish to heal as many ELID patients as I can. That is my mission.

Elia: Giving of yourself to cleanse the world is the holy purpose of a saint.

Elia: Surely you will not shun other forms of self-sacrifice, no?

Elia: Everyone here will gladly sacrifice themselves if it will make the world a better place.

???: I doubt that.

???: But I myself...have no such reservations.

Elia: I knew you would understand.

Elia: Ah, we're here. In here, please.

The door to Elia's room slowly opens, and the two head inside.

Elia's room is much larger than the refugee aid stations, and many people are already waiting inside...

Commander: This doesn't look like a treatment room...

???: Ah—

A squeal comes from inside the room.

There's no time to think. I rush over to the door to see what's going on.

Through the gap, the furious flurry of discharging flashbulbs very nearly blinds me.

???: No! This isn't a ward for the ill!

Rich Man 1: My Lady! Take a picture with me!

Rich Man 2: My Lady, please autograph my body! Anywhere will do!

???: There's...There's too many people... Please... Let me go!

The Saint is driven into a corner by the ardent throng, and she nervously clutches at Elia.

???: Elia, save me...

Elia: My Lady, this is one of the ways to make Bohnsdorf a better place.

Elia: You've devoted much of yourself to cure ELID infections before. This is simply another way of doing that...

Elia ignores the Saint's fear. She shrugs off the hand grasping at her and walks into the crowd indifferently.

???: Noooo! Let me go!

???: I don't want to be here! Please, somebody... Anybody, please take me away! I don't want to be here!

Rich Man 3: You really are a saint. Even the way you beg is so...exciting.

Elia's departure makes the wealthy people in the room even more lascivious.

They clutch their cameras, their video recorders, their autograph books...and shove them up into the Saint's face.

???: Save me... Please save me...

I don't know if it's because of my anger or the Saint's helplessness, but I can feel the door trembling.

???: No, I don't want to be here...

Her wail of despair seems to resonate in my chest...

My hand moves of its own accord to the door. I can save her if I can just get rid of this annoying lock.

Anger courses through my arms and I end up ripping the door off its hinges with my bare hands.

With the door now out of the way, I ignore the galaxy of flashlamps discharging in the distance and zero in on the frail white figure tumbling backward into my arms.

Commander: Come with me!

???: ...

Commander: Come with me if you want to leave.

Elia: Robin! What are you doing?!

Elia: Get out! You shouldn't be here!

The Saint offers me a trembling hand.

Before anyone else can react, I grab it and run...

Angry shouts come from behind me.

Rich Man 1: Quick, stop them! Have the entertainment Dolls block them!

Rich Man 2: Elia, you'd better think of something or else your future sponsorship—

Rich Man 4: Stop them!!!

Commander: RO! Dandelion!

Commander: My cover's been blown! I need backup ASAP!

RO635: Roger! Heading over now!!

Dandelion: While I can understand your sloppy work is due to having never done this before, only you could so brazenly abduct someone in broad daylight.

Commander: Stop making jokes at my expense and think of a way to hold them back!

Dandelion: I've hacked into the entertainment Dolls, they should be able to stop some of your pursuers.

Dandelion: Follow this road to the village entrance. RO will meet you there and I'll catch up shortly after.

The voices behind me gradually fade into the distance as we sprint down the road leading to the entrance.

???: ...Robin, is that your name?

Commander: No, but you can call me that for now.

???: My...My name is Machlian...

A few villagers suddenly burst out from a fork in the road, and Elia's voice grows louder.

Elia: Robin is kidnapping the Saint!!

Elia: Everyone, stop them!!

Commander: Dandelion!

Dandelion: Please hold.

A group of entertainment Dolls emerge from parts unknown and begin grappling with the villagers.

However, most of the villagers are still in pursuit.

Elsa: My Lady!

Elsa: Robin, what are you doing?!

Elsa: That's our Saint, how could you—

Machlian: Elsa...

Commander: ...

Elsa is part of the crowd. Her eyes fill with tears as she gapes at me in disbelief.

There's no time for me to explain. All I can do is drag Machlian to the meeting point.

Elia: Robin is a traitor!

Elia: A traitor and a heretic! Stop them!
Part 11: The Birth of Apate II (end)

11

We run wildly without looking back.

Thanks to Dandelion's remote support, I finally see the AR Team come into view and can breathe a sigh of relief at last.

Commander: My cover was blown and the mission is a failure.

Commander: More importantly, let's get Machlian out of here—

RO635: ...

ST AR-15: Isn't this woman our mission objective?

M4 SOPMOD II: She looks just like the woman in the picture!

Commander: What?

My heart skips a beat. I immediately turn to get a better look at Machlian. Her hood has been blown off her head at some point.

Machlian: ...

And she looks identical to Morridow.
Part 12: Hemera Points to the Light I

12

...Outside Bohnsdorf, on the outskirts of Berlin.

I stare at Machlian in shock, or should I call her "Morridow"?

Machlian: Who are you people...?

Once she realizes the Dolls are not humans, she starts to panic.

Machlian: You're not human... What are you going to do to me?!

Machlian: Did they send you to capture me?

Machlian takes out a small knife, but her hands are shaking from fear.

Machlian: Stay back! Don't touch me!

Machlian: I won't go back with you! I'll never go with you!

Commander: Calm down, please!

I try to soothe her while secretly taking out a dose of sedative.

Machlian: If you come any closer, I'll—

Machlian's angry retort suddenly cuts off halfway as she suddenly flops to the ground.

Behind her, SOP-II dusts her hands off and beams with the satisfaction of a job well done.

Commander: ...What did you do to her, SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: It was a pain trying to get through to her. But look, Commander, that calmed her right down, didn't it?

RO635: ...Don't worry, Commander.

RO635: I checked, she's just passed out. Her life isn't in danger.

Commander: ...Just go easy on her next time!

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay, okay, I got it!

Dandelion: Bickering among yourselves before you're even out of danger—that's just like you lot.

Following the mocking voice, I see that Dandelion has finally reached the rendezvous point.

Commander: What happened? You're two minutes late.

Dandelion: Do you know how hard it was to get away from that crowd of disgusting humans without hurting them?

The frenzied cries of delight echo in my ears again. My stomach twists at the memory of that horde of rich people cornering Machlian...

Commander: ...

Commander: Let's mount up.

I'd obtained a small truck locally beforehand in order not to arouse suspicion while leaving.

RO and Dandelion are in the front seat while I squeeze into the cargo compartment with Machlian.

ST AR-15: What are we going to do with her, Commander?

Commander: Well, the problem is...I'm not sure if she's actually Morridow.

Dandelion: Going by her appearance, she is completely identical to Morridow.

Commander: Still, just because they look alike doesn't necessarily mean that they're the same person...

M4 SOPMOD II: We'll find out once we question her, right? I mean, we just can't let her go, can we?

Commander: ...Of course. Let's follow the mission directives and bring her to the appointed location.

RO635: Alright.

RO starts up the truck and drives toward our destination with practiced ease.

Dandelion: I believe I should point out that a large Paradeus force is trying to encircle us.

Commander: You mean the ones lying in wait within the village? We'll ambush them piece by piece as planned.

Dandelion: No, their numbers suggest there are reinforcements.

Dandelion: There are simply too many of them for us to handle.

Dandelion: If we stick to the original plan, we will be stuck here for two or three days.

Dandelion has already sent a map of the Paradeus signal locations to my command tablet.

Commander: Wait a minute. What's going on? You should have scanned the village and the surroundings already.

Commander: How did a Paradeus force of this size suddenly show up here?

Dandelion: Their origin is still unknown.

RO635: And they showed up at just the right time. They certainly weren't here in the past few days while we were lying in wait, but they've chosen now of all times to attack.

I look into the rear-view mirror and notice RO's suspicious gaze falling on Machlian.

Commander: Prepare for battle. Avoid them if you can, break through them if you can't.

RO635: Understood.

...15 minutes later, on the outskirts of Berlin.

After shaking off several scattered patrols, we proceed down a small track towards the city.

Dandelion: Commander, they seem to have locked onto us. Paradeus' entire force is drawing closer.

Commander: What secrets does Machlian hold that Paradeus would mobilize en masse in pursuit?

Commander: In any case, don't let them pin you down! Try to lose them!

M4 SOPMOD II: But we're driving! They can't catch up, can they?!

Dandelion: Based on our speed and that of the Paradeus pursuers, the chances of them catching up to us are—

Bang bang bang!

Gunshots ring out from behind us.

Dandelion: Looks like we aren't the only ones on wheels.

RO635: Commander, they've almost caught up with us. They're close enough for me to detect their unit positions...

RO635: Which means we are also in Paradeus' detection range.

Commander: Full speed ahead.

I can feel the intense bloodthirst coming from behind even if she hadn't pointed it out.

There is absolutely no way we can stand up to a Paradeus force of this size with our current complement of Dolls.

M4 SOPMOD II: They're here!

ST AR-15: Dammit, how did they catch up so fast?!

RO635: Dandelion, watch the road!

I look back and a sea of white has crested the slope behind us, descending upon us like an avalanche.

Dandelion: Too late.

Commander: RO, get into the forest.

Commander: 15, SOP-II, try and slow down the enemy.

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay! Finally, some exercise!

ST AR-15: Commander, please move to the front passenger seat. SOP-II and I are going to open the rear doors.

Dandelion: Please swap places with me, Commander.

Commander: Alright.

I scoop up Machlian, who's still unconscious, and carefully move from the cramped cargo bed to the front passenger seat.

RO635: Commander, will we need to change our route?

Commander: I'll plan the route. You focus on driving.

The Paradeus pursuers are now close enough that they can be seen with the naked eye...

Dandelion: At current speeds, I estimate they will catch up to us in five minutes.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why don't you just hack them all again?!

Dandelion: Hacking such a large Paradeus force at once would be very taxing, even for me.

The combination of Dandelion's hacking and the AR Team's firepower takes down the front line of the Paradeus forces, but there is seemingly no end to their reinforcements...

M4 SOPMOD II: They're getting closer!

ST AR-15: Go faster, RO!

RO635: I've already got the pedal to the metal!

Bullets whiz past, almost grazing the truck's chassis, but RO no longer pays them any attention.

RO635: Take note, we'll be entering the forest area in 3 seconds.

ST AR-15: Roger.

Thunk!

Following the loud noise, the truck starts rocking like a boat tossed by an ocean wave...

Right after that, we finally enter the forest, which conceals us from the enemy's view for the moment.

Slender branches scrape at the vehicle's exterior...

RO635: Commander, our tires are blown!

Dandelion: I recommend abandoning the truck immediately. It is no longer of any value.

ST AR-15: But they'll catch up to us right away if we don't have a vehicle.

M4 SOPMOD II: Those Paradeus units run like the wind!

RO635: Commander, what should we do?

Commander: ...

Commander: I have an idea.
Part 13: Hemera Points to the Light II

13

A battered truck comes to a halt within the quiet forest.

From a distance, all that can be seen is the edge of a torn white cloak poking out from a shattered window.

The Paradeus forces have streamed into the forest and surrounded the truck, but they do not approach.

???: Scouts, send out a team to investigate the interior of the truck.

???: All other units, continue forward and find the target.

A team of scouts cautiously approach the truck while the rest of the Paradeus forces search for tracks...

???: Look carefully and check if this truck is a trap. Let's see what tricks a mere human can pull...

The scouts flank the truck from various angles...

Boom!

As the scouts approach, the abandoned truck explodes and takes out the nearby Paradeus forces.

???: Humans will be humans. I can't believe they used such a clichéd trap. The Griffin Commander is taking us too lightly.

Turning her back to the explosion, the petite girl studies the messy tracks on the ground coldly.

???: Hehe, you've hidden your trail pretty well, but it's pointless...

???: After all, you'll fall into my hands in the end! ♪

Boom! The sound of an explosion comes from the distance.

M4 SOPMOD II: I wish I were there to see them get blown up...

Commander: ...

I saw everything Paradeus just did through the camera we left in the truck.

The way they surrounded the truck is a telltale sign that there's a high-level commanding unit nearby...

RO635: Commander...

Commander: I know. A high-ranking leader is directing them.

ST AR-15: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: So basically, we've got a Paradeus unit on Nimogen's level following us?

Dandelion: That would be troublesome. None of the high-level Paradeus commanding units we've encountered so far were beaten by conventional methods.

Commander: ...

Commander: Don't slow down. Carry on.

Machlian remains asleep on my back. Right now, I'm actually starting to envy her.

M4 SOPMOD II: I can hear their footsteps!

ST AR-15: Dammit, they sure run fast.

RO635: Commander, we're almost in Paradeus' firing range!

Dandelion: We can't shake them at this range. Why don't we make the first move?

Commander: ...

Commander: Prepare for battle.

Commander: Right now, our aim is to break out of this while staying alive.

RO635: Got it!
Part 14: Hemera Points to the Light III

14

Bang bang bang! Bullets hit the ground behind us. While we're still outside of accurate firing distance, our pursuers are clearly about to catch up to us.

Commander: Dandelion!

Dandelion takes control of the closest Paradeus troops chasing us.

It's obvious that her stamina is being taxed to its limits.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll take you all on! Rip and tear!

RO635: SOP-II! Don't be reckless!

ST AR-15: Any rounds left, RO?

The AR Team is deep within the enemy formation and on the verge of being overrun. If I can't think of a way to get us out of this, they'll swamp us all...

???: Greetings, Commander.

Commander: Who's that?!

RO635: We're out of rounds and they've even hacked our comms?!

???: Please do not worry. We are Squad Griffin, sent here to pick you up in accordance with the mission directives.

???: Allow me to introduce myself. I am VP1915 Villar Perosa, but you can call me Perosa.

M4 SOPMOD II: So we DO have a pickup!

Commander: How can you prove that?

Perosa: The Earl said that you would understand once you saw this seal.

Perosa holds a wax seal up to the communicator.

It is imprinted with the image of a mighty griffin baring its claws, surrounded by intricate designs.

It is exactly like the one on the mission document I received.

Commander: ...So it's the Earl. I see.

Perosa: According to the intel provided by the Earl, these Paradeus forces are only active on the outskirts of the city. They seem to be prohibited from entering the city area.

Perosa: Derringer and Savage are coming over to support you. I will guide you remotely to help you shake off your pursuers.

Commander: Alright, so those two—

Bang bang bang—

Just as the Commander contemplates their next move, the sound of unfamiliar gunfire erupts from behind them.

Dandelion: I'm picking up IFF signals belonging to two high-end I.O.P. Dolls, but they're not on the Griffin base roster.

???: Hi, Commander~ This doesn't seem like the best time for a chat...

???: We're here to lend you a hand, Commander.

Perosa: They've arrived, Commander. Now, please run toward the slope at 1 o'clock as quickly as you can.

RO635: They're only two Dolls, will they be alright?

Perosa: Please have faith in my judgment.

The two unfamiliar Dolls exchange smiles. Their fighting stances show that they are fully in sync with each other.

???: Leave this place to us!

???: Please do as Perosa directs and head into the city proper.

Commander: ...Got it.

Commander: Let's not waste any more time. Everyone, to the city!

...In a hidden patch of forest.

A petite figure grits her teeth as she watches the Commander's party flee to the city area with the help of Squad Griffin.

???: What?! They're fleeing in that direction... But Big Sis won't let me go there!

???: They're going to escape, just like that... And all I can do is watch...

???: Why is this happening? (Sobs)

???: How am I going to explain this to Big Sis? How—

White Nyto: They are about to enter the city. Shall we continue giving chase?

The girl turns and sends the white Nyto flying with a slap.

The black Nyto standing beside her trembles in fear, not daring to look at the white Nyto's head as it rolls past her feet.

???: Chase?! You're nothing but a pack of stupid dogs, all you can do is bark and chase!

???: Hurry up and find out who the hell met up with them!

After not getting a response for a long time, the girl angrily picks up the white Nyto's corpse.

???: What's the matter, cat got your— Huh? Where's the head?

???: ...

???: Trash is trash. One slap and your head's gone.

Black Nyto: ...

The girl disdainfully discards the white Nyto's corpse. The black Nyto standing nearby falls to her knees and dares not move.

???: You.

Black Nyto: Y-Yes...?

???: Do you know your mission?

Black Nyto: Yes, I do!

???: Make sure you do a good job and don't disappoint me, or else...

The girl pats the black Nyto on the head jovially.

Black Nyto: ...I-I won't disappoint you!

The black Nyto practically flees from her, leaving the little girl to glare at the Commander's group as they recede into the distance.

???: Not bad. You're pretty pathetic in a fight, but you do run very fast.

???: But don't get too cocky, we'll meet again.

???: And when we do, I'm going to twist your spine into a pretzel...
Part 15: Shoulders of a Griffin I

15

...Berlin.

With the help of two unfamiliar Dolls, we successfully enter the city proper.

Upon entering the bustling urban districts, another unfamiliar girl makes her way through the crowds, heading towards us.

Commander: Whew...

???: Greetings, Commander.

???: Perosa!

???: We've finished our mission, Perosa.

Commander: You're...

Perosa: I am VP1915 Villar Perosa. We just spoke over the communicator.

Perosa: Just call me Perosa.

Commander: Thank you for your help.

Perosa: Just doing our job.

Perosa: Now, please allow me to formally introduce my teammates.

Perosa: This is Derringer, our squad's electronic warfare expert.

Derringer: Want some candy?

Perosa: This is Savage 99, our designated marksman.

Savage: Nice to meet you, Commander.

Commander: Nice to meet you too...

Commander: So what's going on here? How did the Earl know we would be there at that time?

Perosa: This way, please.

Faced with a barrage of the Commander's questions, the Doll called Perosa merely smiles.

Dandelion: I don't think she intends to answer you, Commander.

Commander: Then I'll just have to ask the Earl myself.

Led by Squad Griffin, the Commander enters the Old Town district and arrives before a certain building.

Its exterior is mottled from the passage of long years, but its classical proportions are still enough to make one stop to marvel at it.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, this place looks really grand.

Perosa: This is it.

Derringer: I'll get the door!

Derringer hops lightly up the stairs and grabs the handle.

Derringer: Huh? Why won't it budge...?

Savage: Let me take a look.

Perosa: ...

Squad Griffin inspects the door more closely.

???: Hey hey hey!

???: Are YOU the ones trying to get in without passing the Earl's test?

???: Kolibri, don't be rude!

???: My apologies, Commander...

Perosa: These two are members of Mr. Griffin Lyons' protection detail, Kolibri and Fedorov.

Kolibri: Humph, you sure took your time.

Fedorov: Nice to meet you, I'm Fedorov...

Commander: Nice to meet you too...

Commander: So, what do I need to do in order to meet the Earl?

Perosa: Fedorov, you explain.

Fedorov: Alright—

Kolibri: Let me do it!

Kolibri: If you want to meet the Earl, you need to solve the code lock on the door by yourself!

Fedorov: ...

RO635: It looks like quite an intricate device. If we tried to break it by force, we might damage the building.

Perosa: My apologies, Commander. The door lock has been engaged.

Perosa: If you wish to enter, you must solve it.

Commander: Alright... So all I need to do is open this lock, then?

Perosa: Yes, you just have to solve this puzzle, Commander.

Perosa slides open a panel on the door, revealing the mechanism within.

The Commander walks up and studies it carefully.
Part 16: Shoulders of a Griffin II - Secret for flipping all markers to 'K'

16

Dun-dun-DUNNN! Something seems to have appeared on the map!
Part 17: Shoulders of a Griffin III

    17chevron_right

Berlin.

As the lock disengages with a "ka-click", the door to the building slowly opens.

Several lights come on within the dark room.

Zzzzt—

The holographic image of a man appears in the doorway.

???: Good afternoon, Commander.

Commander: Good day, Sir.

???: You seem a little stiff, Commander.

Commander: ...Well, not every Griffin Commander has the chance to meet you in person.

Commander: I've heard my fair share of rumors about you.

Griffin: Rumors are just that—rumors.

Griffin: Right now, I am just an old man, performing some insignificant administrative work.

Griffin: You can think of me as an ordinary senior citizen, Commander. We are much closer than you imagine.

Commander: But how could I do that, Sir? After all, you're...

Griffin: Just call me "Griffin", Commander.

Griffin: I hope we can be less formal around each other while we're in private.

Commander: Um... Alright, Mr...Griffin.

Griffin: (Chuckles)

Griffin: While this is a memorable first meeting, I regret that I can only speak to you in this manner.

Griffin: I hope you are not too offended.

Commander: No, of course not.

Griffin: Thank you for being so understanding, Commander.

Griffin: I, too, have heard a lot about you.

Griffin: At first, I thought someone like yourself, who has been on the battlefield many times, would have the indelible scent of bloodthirst and murder about them.

Griffin: But it seems to me that you are simply a kind and polite young person.

Commander: I have not been through a fraction of what you have experienced.

Commander: And I do not wish to become like my enemies.

Griffin: Haha, do pardon the ramblings of an old man.

Griffin: I am simply delighted to see you.

Griffin: Kryuger has always had a good eye for talent, and I have always favored useful and capable individuals.

Griffin: Please excuse this bad habit of mine.

Perosa: Sir.

Griffin: Ah yes, please, sit down. No need to be so stiff.

Griffin: Let us move on to the main subject, Commander.

Commander: Of course.

Griffin: Now then, before we begin...

Griffin: Commander, I believe you have already encountered this person.

Commander: Indeed, I have found Machlian... However, there are many things about her which do not match the data provided.

Commander: Before conclusive evidence is available, I would not recommend considering her and the person in the picture to be one and the same.

Griffin smiles.

Griffin: You ARE a sharp one, Commander. Kryuger's opinion of you was not inflated.

Griffin: Indeed, the person in the picture is not the Machlian whom you've met.

Griffin: Rather, she is the Paradeus agent who was planted by Ange's side in Bremen. She stole the name of Morridow and infiltrated our government.

Griffin: For the sake of convenience, let us continue calling her "Morridow".

Commander: So is Machlian Morridow?

Commander: Or...are they two identical-looking women?

Griffin: That is what I hope you will find out.

Commander: ...

Griffin: I have also arranged a consultant for you regarding this problem.

Commander: A consultant?

Griffin: I believe you will be very happy to fight side-by-side with Captain Angelia Tsoi.

Commander: Ange? She's in Berlin too?

Griffin: Perhaps it is time the two of you finally met.

Griffin: I am sure you have a lot to ask her about Bremen and Morridow.

Commander: Alright, I see.

Commander: Thank you... Truth to be told, Ange is my most reliable friend.

Griffin: Indeed, your most reliable friends are often found by your side, Commander.

Griffin: I hope that after the two of you compare notes, you can become a capable agent for us in Berlin.

Commander: You want me to investigate Paradeus' plans for Germany?

Griffin: You should begin by looking into Machlian. I believe your efforts will be fruitful.

Griffin: I imagine you have already noticed the anomalies in Bohnsdorf.

Commander: ...The villagers seemed to be worshipping Machlian in a strange fashion.

Commander: Their religious and cult-like behavior certainly matches up with Paradeus' modus operandi.

Commander: Their sermons also validated my suspicion... Paradeus' influence is spreading, and I am sure it is already deeply rooted.

Griffin: Hm, what else have you learned?

Commander: Also, there's Machlian... Or should I say Morridow, or whatever her real identity is.

Commander: It seems Paradeus values her greatly.

Commander: When we were fleeing with her, not only did the villagers come out in force to stop us, Paradeus also dispatched large numbers of troops to cut off our escape.

Commander: That was definitely not an act. Their fixation on Machlian is genuine.

Perosa: Apart from information about Machlian, our previous recon attempts even uncovered the presence of a high-ranking Nyto.

Perosa: However, she did not engage us directly during the latest confrontation.

Commander: Whatever the reason, they were very unwilling to let Machlian fall into our hands.

Commander: Fortunately, we chose to infiltrate them and managed to safely extract her by taking advantage of the enemy's slack security measures.

Griffin: You have done very well, Commander.

Griffin: Kryuger was right about you. You've served up quite a surprise for your first mission.

Commander: Er... Thank you for the praise.

Griffin: Since Machlian is so important to Paradeus, we can make full use of the importance which they attach to her in order to gain more leads.

Griffin: I give you full discretion over how to handle this matter, Commander. I can think of nobody else who is as reliable and understands Paradeus as well as you do.

Commander: ...I understand.

Griffin: Paradeus' activities are growing more frequent throughout Germany.

Griffin: The incident in Bremen was only one of many such cases.

Griffin: Especially now that bloody William has finally managed to extend his claws into Berlin.

Commander: What is this William person like?

Griffin: I came here to look into this very matter.

Griffin: All we know from his actions is that he is very highly placed. Otherwise there is no way to explain how he can mobilize so many resources.

Griffin: I still do not know what he is planning, but I am certain that he will stop at no means to disrupt our...endeavors.

Griffin: He has even orchestrated several terrorist attacks towards that end.

Commander: I will spare no effort in my investigation. but if we end up having to face Paradeus head-on like we did before...

Commander: I fear our current forces are somewhat insufficient.

Griffin: I would very much like to personally provide you with support.

Griffin: However, my current duties will not permit me to do so... Which is why I seek your understanding and forgiveness, Commander.

Griffin: I will not let the opportunities created by your previous efforts go to waste.

Commander: You flatter me.

Griffin: Still, I will assist you to the best of my ability.

Griffin: I hope you enjoy the temporary command post I have prepared for you. The facilities here are quite comprehensive and you may make free use of everything here.

Griffin: In addition...

Griffin: Perosa, you and Squad Griffin will be under the Commander's authority from now on. I want you to give the Commander your full support in all future operations.

<通讯框>;VP1915(0)Perosa: Yes, Sir!

Commander: ...Thank you for your help. However...

Commander: I do not know if I can stop Paradeus' schemes by myself.

Griffin: Nevertheless, I believe you will try with all your might.

Griffin: That's the way you've always done it, no?

Commander: ...

Griffin: Do not underestimate yourself, Commander.

Griffin: The things you have accomplished would be miracles in the eyes of others.

Commander: ...I understand.

Griffin: Something still seems to be weighing on your mind.

Griffin: I might be mistaken, but could it be that I have not yet won your trust?

Commander: No...how could that be?

Commander: It's just... Perhaps going through so much has left me a little high-strung.

Griffin: It is good to be suspicious, and I am willing to use my actions to help quell your suspicions.

Griffin: Kryuger has mentioned your opinions many times before.

Griffin: Perhaps we might not be completely in alignment, but our ideals are one and the same.

Commander: ...To be the "shining beacon in a brave new world"?

Griffin: Everything we do is for the future of ourselves and this world.

Commander: Still, I spent a lot of time thinking when I learned that our company had the same motto as the Rossartrist movement.

Griffin: What did you think about?

Commander: I thought about what I ought to be doing.

Commander: How I could help our country, our society, and our world free itself from the crappy circumstances we're in.

Griffin: A revolutionary needs an appropriate philosophy. I believe we will get along very well.

Commander: I'm not too sure about that, Mr. Griffin.

Commander: Rossartrism paints a beautiful picture of the world.

Commander: But can people really unite and understand each other?

Griffin: ...Perhaps I shouldn't keep you in the dark.

Griffin: Do you want to know how I truly feel about this?

Commander: Please, by all means.

Griffin: My answer is...they cannot.

Griffin: Men will never be able to stand united or understand each other forever.

Commander: What...

Griffin: That is why this world needs order. It needs rules that will FORCE them to unite, to guide them towards understanding each other.

Griffin: Those who cause division must be punished. Those who help each other must be rewarded. Only the existence of such behavior-shaping rules will allow mankind to right its wrongs and return the world to its intended order.

Griffin: Mr. Rossartre was a great pioneer, but he was an idealist.

Griffin: Idealism cannot help us build an ideal world. We must take responsibility for the consequences of our actions.

Griffin: We must build a world order that benefits all of humanity, and to that end we will pay any price.

Commander: And it will be up to "you" to build and dictate the order of the world?

Griffin: It is the heart of man that decides the order of the world. We are merely servants of mankind's interests.

Commander: ...Your answer is a little different from what I expected.

Griffin: Speaking the truth is the best way of dealing with intelligent people.

Griffin: If slogans alone could bring about revolutions, then why would we need to speak to each other here?

Commander: ...

Commander: I have one last question.

Griffin: Go ahead.

Commander: When we reach the end of this road and look back on the things we've sacrificed to get there...

Commander: Will justice and decency be among them?

Griffin: Commander, do you know what fables are?

Commander: ...Fables?

Griffin: "The hedgehog, who serves absolute truth, reduces the world to one organizing principle, raises his spines all over, and staunchly resists all other views."

Griffin: "The cunning and mercurial fox rides the waves of tumultuous times, narrowing his eyes and discerning the discordant voices that can reshape the world."

Commander: The hedgehog and the fox... It sounds more like philosophy.

Griffin: I will not clarify your doubts right now, just as I do not expect you to clarify mind either.

Griffin: But someday... You will make a choice of your own.

Commander: ...Perhaps.

Griffin: In that case, I hope you will bring us good news, Commander.

Griffin: I have an important meeting that I need to attend, so I will bid you farewell for now.

Commander: Yes, Sir.

Griffin executes a gentlemanly bow and switches off the holographic projection.

The Commander's eye falls on the chessboard laid out on the table. What kind of game awaits him this time?

Commander: ...So Ange is in Berlin too?

RO635: Commander, I just received an encrypted message.

Commander: Got it.

I take the communicator from her and play back the message.

Ange: Hi, Commander. Long time no see.

A familiar face appears on the communicator, though Ange looks a lot more haggard than before.

Still, for some reason, it feels incredibly comforting to see someone I know I can count on.

Ange: By the time you see this message, you'll probably have met "that guy".

Ange: I'm sure you're bursting with questions—so am I.

Ange: So come and meet me, Commander.

Ange: I'll be waiting for you at Athena's Owl at 3pm today.

Ange: And just to make it clear, I hate people who don't show up on time.

"Here must all distrust be left; all cowardice must here be dead."

There is no Hell on earth.

Spirits are buried in the ashes; souls fade into oblivion.

Life is fragile. All it takes is a single bullet, a fire, some terrible luck to be snuffed out.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...You can't scare me.

Walking through an intrusive memory in her mind, Ange stands in the midst of an unfolding disaster.

The shivering young girl can only pray helplessly as she cowers behind a blast containment box.

Ange gazes at the girl as her ears are assaulted by ear-splitting noise around them.

Ange: Hey.

Ange: Get up.

Ange: ...I'm telling you to get up.

Amid the commotion, the girl lifts her head and meets Ange's gaze.

In the bottom of her teary eyes lies a whirlpool of heavy darkness.

Ange finds herself tumbling down this endless abyss.

...

Ange: ...

Ange sits up woozily in bed and rubs her temple to clear her head.

AK-12: ...

At this point, she doesn't even bother to ask what AK-12 is doing in her room. She's got used to it.

Ange: Pour me some tea.

AK-12: ...Are you alright?

Only then does Ange notice the grim look on AK-12's face.

Ange: What do you mean?

AK-12: You were moaning and talking in your sleep.

AK-12: You seemed to be having a nightmare. To be honest, it was really unlike you.

AK-12: It grossed me out a bit.

Ange: ...Oh, yeah.

Ange: I dreamed that I went back to Statesec. Zelinsky threw me a welcoming banquet.

Ange: All the dishes were duck.

AK-12: You hate duck?

Ange: I'd rather eat dirt.

Ange places a hand on the back of her neck as she softly cranes it this way and that, making it click.

AK-12 knows better than to ask any more questions. She simply gets up and makes a cup of very strong tea, which she leaves on the bedside table.

AK-12: The Commander got in touch.

Ange: Tell them we'll be in Alt-Berlin in an hour.

Ange: We'll meet at Athena's Owl.

AK-12: Okay.

Placing her hands on her knees, Ange eyes the tea stalks floating vertically in the tea cup.

Ange: Do you think the Earl can be trusted?

AK-12: Don't tell me you've forgotten—he is a friend of Shaw's. Don't expect me to badmouth him.

Ange: I've never liked him.

Ange: Our meeting has only confirmed my belief.

Ange: We have nothing in common.

AK-12: But he is helping us, that's a fact.

AK-12: And he has a point when he says that we don't have a choice, Ange.

Ange: ...

Ange takes out the coin from her pocket again. She peers down at it and lets out a snort.

Ange: It irks me to be completely at his mercy.

AK-12: But there really is no other way.

AK-12: Besides, what he's asking you to do is on your own agenda to begin with.

AK-12: He just rubbed it in your face to rile you up.

AK-12: And speaking of your agenda, we had a little chat with the Stasi whelp this morning.

Ange: ...You mean Light?

AK-12: Yes.

AK-12: You don't seem to like him?

Ange: Quite the contrary.

Ange flips the coin up and catches it on the back of her hand.

Ange: He may be young, but he's level-headed, meticulous, good in a fight, and most importantly, he has impeccable manners.

Ange: J is right—he has great potential and a bright future ahead of him. I have a lot of admiration for him.

AK-12: However?

AK-12 ponders for a moment and points up.

Ange: However, I initially held Morridow in exactly the same regard.

Ange lifts her hand and reveals the heads of the coin.

AK-12: I've never seen a male Nyto.

AK-12 looks a little glum.

Ange: You know that's not what I mean.

Ange: I'm not saying there must be something wrong with Light, but after what happened in Bremen...

Ange: I can't bring myself to trust anyone who popped out of nowhere.

Ange shrugs and pockets the coin again before picking up her cup of tea and taking a sip.

AK-12: But on the bright side, if he really turns out to be another spy...

AK-12: Then Paradeus has basically delivered an opening wrapped as a gift straight to you, don't you think?

Ange: We'll leave him be for now.

Ange: Back to the subject—what have you found out?

AK-12: Everything the Earl told you checks out.

AK-12: Shortly after we and the Stasi captured Leone, she was transported to Berlin on official notice.

AK-12: Once she arrived, she filed an appeal.

AK-12: The court ruled that she suffered serious mental and physical trauma and exempted her from serving a sentence.

AK-12: That's how she got off scot-free.

Ange: ...

AK-12: You're going to break your cup.

Ange: Where is she now? At a sanatorium?

AK-12: That's right. She's at Galatea Sanatorium, enjoying the best security and treatment.

Ange: For god's sake.

Ange slams the tea cup down onto the table, spilling more tea than she has drunk.

AK-12: And as RPK has previously mentioned, all data in the Flora Institute has been wiped clean.

AK-12: We cannot trace them directly, but fortunately, the Bremen government has some public records of several people and organizations who have worked with the Institute in the past.

AK-12: We've compiled a list.

Ange: We're looking for a mysterious figure who's located in Berlin, in a position of considerable power, interested in Leone's research—could be working in some relevant fields themselves, gained prominence in the last two years, and has an otherwise unknown past.

AK-12: I'm afraid there isn't such a person on our list.

Ange: I knew it wouldn't be so simple.

Ange takes the file from AK-12, flips through a few pages half-heartedly, and puts in on the table.

Ange: Let's leave that for now. We'll discuss the rest after our meeting with the Commander.

AK-12: You're really looking forward to it.

Ange: Even a fish would poke its head out of water to breathe if there's no oxygen in the water.

Ange: Let's go.

AK-12: Okay~

...

The Commander, panting heavily, flings the door open and steps onto the wooden floorboards like a high school student who barely makes it into the classroom in time.

Bartender: ...

This out-of-place newcomer has instantly attracted the attention of the handful of customers and staff inside the bar. The piercing stares are making them a little uncomfortable.

Commander: ...Ahem, uh... Excuse me.

The Commander enters the bar and carefully closes the door. They scratch their head and apologize for the disturbance.

Slam!

Just then, an even more abrupt noise comes from the back of the bar, drawing away all the hostile glares.

???: What are you lot looking at?

Swinging her legs up onto the table, the ferocious-looking woman snaps at the other customers.

Realizing she isn't to be messed with, everyone averts their eyes and returns to their own business.

The Commander chuckles to themselves as they walk up to the woman's table, drag over a chair and sits down.

Commander: Could you remove your boots from the table, please?

Ange: You should learn the proper way of dealing with people like these, Commander.

Commander: I simply wished to keep a low profile... Is it really okay for you to be so conspicuous?

Ange: Humph... Don't you worry.

Ange: Who knows how many of them are actual customers?

Ange snorts and lowers her voice.

They proceed to eye each other wordlessly.

The first to break the awkward silence is the Commander.

Commander: Pleased to finally meet you, Captain Tsoi.

Commander: I am the AR Team's current commander, also in charge of Area S09 under Griffin's jurisdiction.

Ange: Pleased to meet you, Commander. I am Anna Viktorovna Tsoi...but you can just stick to calling me Ange.

Ange: Seriously? Do we have to do this?

Commander: Well, the ice has to be broken, right?

The Commander chortles.

Ange: How about a drink?

Commander: No, thanks. I have an upcoming operation, so I shouldn't.

Ange: Get them a ginger ale.

Ange snaps her fingers at the waiter and makes an order. Then she lifts her legs off the table.

The Commander watches Ange with a smile.

A little unnerved by the stare, Ange frowns.

Ange: What, you don't like ginger ale?

Commander: That's not it. I'm just suddenly struck by the fact that we're actually having a conversation face-to-face.

Commander: I've never seen this side of you through the communicator.

Ange: You talk too much.

Ange crosses her arms and snickers.

Ange: So you've talked to DEFY?

Commander: Yes, I've also met RPK-16. We talked at the submarine base.

Commander: She's working for you now?

Ange: More or less. How many Dolls have you brought with you?

Commander: Just the AR Team and 404, plus Dandelion, of course.

Commander: The Earl has also supplied an additional Squad Griffin.

Ange: You've met him?

Commander: Not exactly, but we did talk.

Ange: How do you find him?

Commander: This was the first time I've talked to the Earl ever since I joined Griffin.

Commander: He strikes me as a very different man compared to Mr. Kryuger...but is equally bold and driven.

Ange: Why has he summoned you to Berlin?

Commander: For the same reason you're here.

Ange: You know what I'm doing here?

Commander: I'm unaware of the specifics.

Commander: But I suppose it's about Paradeus.

Commander: After all, this is why you've come to Germany in the first place...and I can't exactly pretend I didn't know about your operation in Bremen.

Ange: ...Humph.

Ange grunts. She drops an ice cube into her empty glass and pours herself some whisky.

Ange: He asked you to come to Berlin so that he'll have another moron doing his bidding and risking their life for him.

Commander: You seem rather antagonistic towards the Earl.

Ange: The Earl and Mr. Kryuger are as different as night and day. If Kryuger is like you, then the Earl is more like me.

Ange: We will stop at nothing to achieve our ends, but he's even more ruthless than me.

Ange: I suggest that you don't trust him too blindly.

Commander: I won't, Ange.

Commander: Because we aren't risking our lives for anyone in particular.

Commander: Everything we do is for the sake of making this world a better place.

Ange: I sure hope so.

Commander: What's the situation on your end? Any new breakthroughs?

Ange: My endeavors in Bremen proved to be fruitless, and I haven't made much headway here in Berlin either.

Ange: I did come into contact with someone from Paradeus, but she escaped.

Commander: You mean...the woman called Morridow?

Ange: Yes.

Commander: Actually...I came across a person by following a lead provided by the Earl.

Commander: She bears a remarkable resemblance to Morridow.

Ange: What?

Commander: Let me finish.

Commander: The resemblance is purely physical. From what we can see, it's most probably a different person.

Commander: Her name is Machlian, and she's been active in Bohnsdorf—a village nearby—before we captured her.

Ange: In case you don't know, do let me warn you.

Ange: Morridow is an expert of infiltration and disguise. She's deceived me and Ulrich and even managed to fool DEFY.

Commander: Right, that has been accounted for.

Commander: Which is why we're still keeping this Machlian under observation... Though Dandelion hasn't noticed anything odd so far.

Commander: I'll notify you immediately if there's any new development.

Ange: You left her on her own? You're leaving a Nyto unsupervised?

Commander: Dandelion and the Squad Griffin are keeping an eye on her. Not to mention she's still unconscious.

Ange: Hm... Alright.

Ange: But don't hold out too much hope.

Commander: I won't.

Ange: The Earl told me that William is planning something big in Berlin.

Ange: Then he just dumped all the work onto my lap and left, saying he had more important stuff to do.

Ange: I hope he didn't mean picking you up from the airport by that.

Commander: I doubt that's what he meant.

Commander: He never met me in person. He simply issued my orders through the comms.

Commander: But...what could William be up to?

Ange: I don't know yet.

Commander: If that's true, we don't have much time.

Ange: I'm well aware of that.

Commander: ...I'll have Dandelion look into it once I get back.

Commander: We may be able to find something useful.

Ange: The bait I left in Bremen hasn't been entirely gobbled up yet.

Ange: Whoever it is, she's given herself away, and I'll soon have a lead.

Commander: Got it.

Commander: If you need any help, please get in touch.

Commander: I'll come at once.

Ange: ...

Ange swirls the whisky around in her glass. After a brief moment of silence, she cracks an unusual smile.

She stands up from her chair and walks over to the Commander.

Commander: What, are you going to snap my neck?

The Commander looks up at her in bemusement and asks jokingly.

Ange: ...

Ange does not answer. She simply pats the Commander on the shoulder and downs her drink in one go.

Then she slams the glass down next to the Commander's ginger ale.

Ange: Phew...

Ange: That felt good.

The Commander blinks. They are about to say something but then think better of it.

Ange has been through a lot. The Commander can tell immediately.

And right now, in this unfamiliar country, they're pretty much the only person she can trust.

With this in mind, the Commander smiles and clinks their own ginger ale against Ange's empty glass, then knocks back the ginger ale as well.

Ange has done the best she could. The Commander knows this, and there is nothing more to be said.

Unless they actually want Ange to break their neck.

Commander: So we have an agreement?

Ange: Yeah, I've taken up enough of your time.

Commander: Then I'll be heading back.

Commander: If Machlian wakes up, I'll have a lot of questions for her.

Ange: Machian...or Morridow?

Commander: ...Machlian, for the time being.

Ange: Humph... Alright.

After seeing off the Commander, Ange shakes her head lightly and taps the comms in her ear.

Ange: Enough with the chit-chat, 12.

Ange: Get ready. We're paying Leone a visit.

Clink.

A melting ice cube slides down and knocks against the bottom of the glass.

The bar is now empty.

...
Part 2: Cretan Liar

2

Outside Galatea Sanatorium.

Light: Frau Angelia!

Light catches up to Ange, panting heavily.

Ange: Boy.

Ange comes to an abrupt halt.

Light: Hm?

Ange: If the situation were any different, I would never have let you follow me around.

Ange: If you insist on working with me, we've got to lay down some ground rules... First of all, don't "Frau" me.

Light: Uh... Sure?

Ange: We'll leave the rest till later.

Ange turns away coldly and marches on.

Light: (Sighs)

AK-12: Don't mind her. Ange isn't being particularly hard on you.

AK-12: She's like that to everyone.

Light: Okay... Thanks.

Light smiles helplessly at AK-12 and gives her a nod before catching up with Ange again.

After a few paces, the grandiose building appears before them. Ange stops again, seemingly in no hurry.

Ange: So this is it? The sanatorium where Leone's been admitted to?

Light: Yes, Leone is currently receiving treatment here.

Ange: Humph... I didn't think she'd agree to meet.

Ange: If she refused to see me, I wouldn't be able to force her in this kind of place.

Light: Fortunately, Leone seems quite eager to talk.

Light: She accepted your invitation almost immediately.

Ange: I hope she'll give us something useful.

Ange crosses her arms and glances at the main entrance.

Ange: For a place that's meant to be peaceful and quiet, there are a lot of random people hanging around, don't you think?

Ange: 15?

AK-15: We're detecting a large amount of cameras.

Light: ...Oh.

Light seems to have realized something and scratches his head sheepishly.

Light: They're from Berlin Television Broadcasting.

Ange: Berlin Television Broadcasting?

Light: The main branch of the Deutscher Fernsehfunk, the largest state-sanctioned broadcasting company in Germany.

AK-12: What are news reporters doing here? Other than Leone, are there any other high-profile patients in this sanatorium?

Ange: Maybe...it isn't a patient.

Ange gazes at the door thoughtfully.

...

In the sanatorium.

An interview with a certain high-profile figure is well under way in an isolated room.

Shadowless: Thank you very much for making the time to attend this interview today, Mrs. Gray.

???: You are very welcome. This is something we've agreed upon.

???: It is very important for someone like me to play nice with exceptional reporters like you.

Shadowless: You jest. As one of the best surgeons in Germany...in the entire world, even...

Shadowless: I doubt you'd need to pay any heed to public opinion.

Mrs. Gray: Haha... I don't believe it is a reporter's job to sway public opinion.

Mrs. Gray: Your remark makes it clear that you still harbor some kind of misunderstanding and skepticism towards me.

Mrs. Gray: The way I see it, your job is to showcase the true side of society for more to see.

Mrs. Gray: In a certain sense, you are the bridge through which we communicate with the people. It is entirely up to you to convey our aspirations accurately.

Shadowless: Does that mean you consider yourself separate from "the people", Mrs. Gray?

The young and attractive reporter asks a very pointed question, but this woman known as Mrs. Gray is not fazed at all.

Mrs. Gray: Indeed. Many are afraid of admitting this⁠—a fear that I don't understand.

Mrs. Gray: As a doctor, I have dedicated most of my life to spreading hope to more people.

Mrs. Gray: This is precisely why I know better than anyone else that scalpels alone will not improve people's lives.

Mrs. Gray: I wish to become an advocate who can bring about positive change and improve the welfare of the people.

Mrs. Gray: To do that, I must first come to terms with what I'm doing.

Mrs. Gray: If I don't even have the courage to admit it, why should people believe in me?

Shadowless: You sound exactly like a politician.

Shadowless: But I must say you are incredibly persuasive. If you ever decide to run for office, I will definitely vote for you.

Mrs. Gray: Thank you, Miss Shadowless. You honor me with your support.

Shadowless: Now back to the subject. We wish to learn more about "Idunn", the new anti-Collapse serum that Galatea is about to distribute, in the interview today.

Shadowless: Idunn is being marketed as an affordable but highly effective drug. According to the spokesperson of your company, it is completely unlike any other existing drugs.

Shadowless: This bold claim has been called into question by multiple scientists and dignitaries, but as a surgeon, you are extremely outspoken in your support for Idunn.

Shadowless: Nobody doubts your professional skills or ethics, but it's quite interesting that you would vouch for Galatea's product even though you are in their employment.

Shadowless: Does your support stem from any commercial consideration?

Mrs. Gray: I agree that to an outsider, it must be strange for a surgeon to vouch for an anti-Collapse formulation.

Mrs. Gray: After all, certain medical fields are sometimes so far apart they might as well be different industries altogether.

Shadowless: People are having misgivings mostly because of this. How would you respond to such doubts?

Mrs. Gray: Here's my response—don't worry, I will never exploit the trust that my patients have in me.

Mrs. Gray: I may have a bit of a reputation, but I'm still only one among all my fellow physicians.

Mrs. Gray: My confidence in Galatea's new product is based on its own merits. I simply wish more people will benefit from its success and receive better medical treatment.

Shadowless: Thanks to Galatea's prevalent marketing campaign, Idunn's alleged effects are no secret in Berlin.

Shadowless: The drug has indeed yielded some remarkable results in clinical trials, but it still has to go through a lot of standard procedures before official distribution can begin.

Shadowless: The general public perceives this vetting process as evidence that the government is impeding Idunn's distribution and is even taking to the streets in protest.

Shadowless: Is this a premeditated marketing strategy on Galatea's part?

Mrs. Gray: ...

Cameraman: ...Hey, Shadow!

Mrs. Gray: The recent unsanctioned demonstrations in Berlin are deeply regrettable.

Mrs. Gray: Galatea gives the government its full support and understanding in following standard procedures. We also have absolute confidence in passing the rigorous vetting process.

Mrs. Gray: Please wait patiently for dawn to break.

Mrs. Gray: Do not fall before the first ray of sunlight pierces the darkness.

Shadowless: Thank you once again for attending this interview.

Shadowless closes her notebook and bows politely to Gray.

Mrs. Gray: I'm sorry that the interview had to be cut short.

Shadowless: No problem at all. I understand you have an extremely busy schedule that's frequently subjected to last-minute changes.

Shadowless: I am a bit curious though—why have you suddenly made a detour to this sanatorium? Do you have patients here?

Mrs. Gray: No, this visit is not work-related; it's a personal matter.

Shadowless: I see.

Shadowless: In that case, we'll be taking our leave. The interview will air after some editing.

Mrs. Gray: Thank you, Miss Shadowless.

Shadowless: Don't mention it. Just doing my job... Hm?

Shadowless suddenly lets out a sound of surprise while she is packing her bag.

Mrs. Gray: Is something wrong?

Shadowless: No... It's nothing. I just saw a familiar face.

Shadowless: Sorry, Herr Wechsler, please tidy up for me. I'll be right back.

Cameraman: Hold on, Shadow!

Shadowless leaves the room in a rush.

Mrs. Gray: Then if you'd please.

Cameraman: Dear me... Young people are always so driven.

Cameraman: If she caused any offense with her youthful candor, please do forgive her.

Mrs. Gray: Not at all. Miss Shadowless is a brilliant young lady.

Mrs. Gray gets up from her chair languidly.

Mrs. Gray: Excuse me while I go to the restroom.

...

Mrs. Gray: ...

The running faucet under which Mrs. Gray is washing her hands produces the only sound in the otherwise quiet restroom.

Mrs. Gray fastidiously cleans her long, slender fingers with foamy soap and rinses it under the faucet.

Mrs. Gray: I don't take unscheduled interviews.

After pulling out several tissues, she starts tidying up her appearance in front of the mirror and says out of the blue.

Ange: ...

In an inconspicuous corner of the mirror, a woman suddenly emerges.

Ange: Your reputation precedes you, "Lady of Ashes".

Mrs. Gray: Please, just call me Gray.

Mrs. Gray dries her hands and inspects them again. Satisfied that they are thoroughly clean, she balls up the tissues and discards them in the nearby garbage can.

Ange: You don't seem at all concerned about being stalked by a stranger.

Mrs. Gray: If you were a stranger, I would have alerted the guards immediately.

Mrs. Gray: But I do have the patience to entertain a certain Miss Anna Viktorovna Tsoi.

Ange: You know me?

Mrs. Gray: You are quite the big name in the Berlin government right now.

Ange: Should I be surprised that a doctor knows all about the government?

Mrs. Gray: A lot of my patients gossip.

Ange gazes at the reflection of Mrs. Gray's serene face in the mirror and softly closes the restroom door.

Ange: I have some questions for you.

Mrs. Gray: As a fellow woman, don't you understand the importance of respecting a lady's moment of privacy?

Through the mirror, Mrs. Gray sees what Ange just did, but it doesn't seem to alarm her. Instead, she casually takes out her pressed powder.

Ange: I don't have the need to preen in front of a mirror in a restroom.

Mrs. Gray: With that face, I can see why you don't.

Ange: You've heard of Leone Michel, I gather?

Mrs. Gray: Of course. Leone is an expert in biochemistry.

Mrs. Gray: Galatea has offered an olive branch to her many times, which she repeatedly refused.

Mrs. Gray: She is certainly a woman of character—just like you, Miss Angelia.

Ange: Her character didn't do her any good.

Mrs. Gray: Hard to say if yours will also lead you down the same fate.

Ange's eyes narrow at Mrs. Gray's subtle threat.

Ange: There seems to be more to your relationship with her than you're letting on.

Mrs. Gray: Sorry to disappoint, but I am both mentally and physically a heterosexual female.

Mrs. Gray: Otherwise, you would make a decent partner.

Ange: ...

Mrs. Gray puts away her powder and fishes out a lipstick. She turns around and looks at Ange.

Ange's gaze drift from the lipstick in Gray's hand up to her lips out of reflex as the flirtatious remark sinks in.

Gray seems to have no intention of applying the lipstick. She is just playing with it, twisting the lipstick piston up and down.

At her mocking and disdainful gesture, Ange inhales through gritted teeth and balls up her fists.

Ange: You know exactly why I've brought up Leone.

Ange: She couldn't have committed those crimes in Bremen all by herself.

Ange: She has somebody behind her, who pulled some strings to have her transported to Berlin—to this very facility—after she was arrested.

Ange: They also helped her evade legal sanctions.

Mrs. Gray: What a gruesome tale.

Mrs. Gray: So let me get this straight... You suspect someone exploited their authority to help Leone escape her punishment.

Mrs. Gray: Then you appear before me under such pretext.

Mrs. Gray: How astonishing. What on earth have I done to raise your unfounded suspicion?

Ange: The Flora Institute has a very limited number of collaborators, especially in Berlin.

Ange: The only person on that list who also happens to be here is you, Mrs. Gray.

After twisting her lipstick up and down countless times, Gray finally lifts it up to her lips and applies it delicately.

Ange watches her go through the practiced motion. Her lips, painted bright red to begin with, appear even more sultry.

Mrs. Gray: Is that all you've got?

Mrs. Gray: I don't even know what to say... Don't you think you've made quite a few logical leaps in your deduction process?

Mrs. Gray: The Angelia I've heard so much about is an extraordinary special agent.

Mrs. Gray: Not some third-rate detective who makes groundless accusations based on subjective speculations.

Gray replaces the cap on her lipstick and smacks her lips lightly with hooded eyes.

Ange is still watching her unblinkingly, gauging her reaction.

Ange: You've worked together. That's evidence enough for me.

Ange: A surgeon collaborating frequently with Leone, who specializes in biochemistry.

Ange: What were the two of you doing?

Gray lifts her head and stares at Ange coldly. She slowly reaches into the right pocket of her coat.

Ange: ...

Ange is bracing herself for whatever Gray extracts from her pocket, but it turns out to be nothing but a lollipop.

Mrs. Gray: Miss Angelia.

Mrs. Gray: If I remember correctly...you're from the Soviet Statesec, aren't you?

Mrs. Gray: From my limited understanding, there has been some conflict between you and Statesec, and you do not answer to them anymore.

Mrs. Gray: Yet here you are, all alone in Germany, being in frequent contact with the Stasi.

Mrs. Gray: If everything I just stated is true, I must admit you have me very much intrigued.

Mrs. Gray: What exactly are you doing here? What happened between you and the Neo-Soviets?

Ange: ...Humph.

Gray shoves the wrapping she just removed into her pocket and puts the lollipop into her mouth, leaving only the stick hanging outside.

Mrs. Gray: Everyone has their secrets, Miss Angelia. I understand if you do not wish to satisfy my curiosity.

Mrs. Gray: After all, who doesn't have a skeleton in their closet?

Mrs. Gray: My situation is also rather complicated. Trade secrets are still secrets, even if they aren't anywhere near as important as state secrets.

Every word she just said sounds like jab at Ange.

Ange: Your non-answer is an answer in itself.

Ange: This whole business lacks a logical explanation.

Ange: And since you refuse to give me one, I'm afraid I'll have to substitute it with my own.

Gray's lollipop stick wiggles up and down like the pendulum of her thoughts.

After a moment of silence, she shrugs and opens her mouth hesitantly.

Mrs. Gray: Actually, I answered this very question just a few minutes ago...asked by a reporter.

Mrs. Gray: The research of the Flora Institute is indeed rather irrelevant to my profession, but I have never been one to be constrained by such field categorizations.

Mrs. Gray: I simply wish to make this world a better place—I know you may find that hard to believe, but it is the truth.

Mrs. Gray: I have both the interest and courage in trying new things as long as I see the potential.

Mrs. Gray: This goes for Leone's work as well as Idunn. I have also funded a lot of other research. If you're so inclined, you may investigate them one by one and I'll be happy to assist in your investigation. After all, I don't know if there are other cases like Leone in my portfolio.

She lets out a sigh. The lollipop knocks against her teeth inside her mouth.

Mrs. Gray: Leone is very talented. Her research could have been such a boon for humankind.

Mrs. Gray: I deeply regret that she has gone down this misguided path.

Ange: She was used.

Ange: The real source of evil is whoever's manipulated her from behind the scenes.

Mrs. Gray: Then I sincerely wish you all the success in hunting down this manipulator and bringing them to justice.

Ange: ...

Ange's fingers twitch.

It suddenly occurs to her that she is dealing with someone who's a different kind of trouble.

Ange: What if the people who interviewed you finds out about this scandal?

Mrs. Gray: Then I'll be forced to issue an apology.

Mrs. Gray: I will apologize for not discovering my collaborator's criminal intent in time and denounce the Flora Institute for their unethical practices.

Mrs. Gray: Meanwhile, the Gray Institute of Biotechnology will make a donation to support medical aid.

Ange: After that, this incident will be swept under the carpet, along with anyone who investigated it?

Mrs. Gray: You Soviet agents are so amusing.

Mrs. Gray: Don't make a movie villain out of me, Miss Angelia.

Mrs. Gray: I really do like you, you know.

Ange: ...Do you now? Well, I don't know what I've done to deserve your admiration.

Mrs. Gray: Perhaps one day, we will find ourselves standing on the same side, fighting for the same goal.

Mrs. Gray: Before that, I don't mind making friends with someone like you—I don't usually bother wasting so much time on idle chit-chat with people I don't like.

Gray straightens up and makes for the door. She puts her hand on the door knob.

—!

Ange grabs her by the arm out of reflex.

Ange: ...

Gray's arm is incredibly slender. Ange has the feeling that she could snap this important tool upon which Gray's entirely livelihood depends if she just applied a bit more strength.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Other than wiggling her lollipop stick, Gray does not react to Ange's impudent action.

She gazes at Ange's arm and after a two-second pause, she reaches into her pocket.

Mrs. Gray: Your prosthetic limbs seem to be in terrible condition, Miss Angelia.

Mrs. Gray: You are very welcome to visit me at my private clinic.

Mrs. Gray: I'd be happy to fix you up, free of charge.

She produces a name card and offers it to Ange.

On the card is her name, "Mrs. Gray", and the address of her clinic.

Ange: ...

Ange slowly releases her grip and takes the name card wordlessly.

Ange: Are you this friendly to everyone?

Mrs. Gray: Not at all. You're a special case, Miss Angelia.

Ange: Am I? I wonder why.

Gray takes the lollipop out of her mouth with an ambiguous half-smile and tosses it into the garbage can by the door.

She suddenly leans in close to Ange, who takes a step back instinctively, only to find a wall directly behind her.

Mrs. Gray: It's been a pleasure talking to you, Angelia.

Mrs. Gray: ...Tell me, do you miss the time you spent in Bremen?

Gray's lips hover right next to Ange's earlobe. She murmurs each word distinctly in a low, husky voice.

Ange: ...!

While Ange is still frozen in shock, Gray has already opened the restroom door and swanned off.

Ange: Wait!

Ange recovers from her momentary daze and bursts through the door in pursuit.

Gray is already on the other end of the hallway with two security guards in tow.

Just before she disappears around the corner, she glances back at Ange with a sly smile.

Ange: Flipping hell... Dammit!

Ange punches the wall in anger. Sprinkles of dust fall from the ceiling.

The toilet in a locked cubicle inside the restroom suddenly flushes. The door opens and RPK-16 saunters out.

RPK-16: What an interesting woman, don't you think?

Ange: It's her.

Ange: She's the one behind Leone! There's no mistake!

RPK-16: What a shame. Maybe I should've made my move before she left?

Ange: ...There's no point. We can't do anything to her.

Ange: She knows that, which is why she was being so brazen.

RPK-16: Should we just take her out?

Ange: That's even more pointless. Paradeus surely has more than one Gray.

RPK-16: I understand.

Ange inhales deeply to collect herself.

Gray's face is deeply imprinted into her mind.

Ange: This isn't over yet... Just you wait.

...
Part 3: Reflection (side)

3

...

Shadowless: Hold on!

A familiar figure flits past. Shadowless dashes out of the reception room in pursuit, but the figure is nowhere to be seen.

...

She stands at the intersection and glares sullenly at the empty hallways.

Assistant: Sh-Shadow!

Assistant: You gave me such a scare... What's the matter with you? Why did you run off all of a sudden?

Assistant: What if we made a bad impression on Mrs. Gray?!

The assistant comes running after Shadowless and admonishes her while still out of breath.

Shadowless finally gives up. She turns back and shakes her head at her assistant.

Shadowless: Sorry, I thought I saw someone I knew...

Shadowless: Did Mrs. Gray say anything?

Assistant: Well, no...

Shadowless: Really? That woman sure is a crafty one.

Assistant: Shadow!

The assistant's eyes widen in alarm.

Assistant: That's Mrs. Gray you're talking about! How could you say that?

Shadowless: Eli, if you truly want to become a good reporter, you must learn to see through these celebrities' facades for whom they really are.

Assistant: But Mrs. Gray feels genuinely like a good person...

Assistant: Besides, we really do need cheaper drugs desperately.

Assistant: They finally developed one. Isn't this fantastic news for the people?

Shadowless: Personal morals are irrelevant to people like her.

Shadowless: I'll refrain from commenting on Mrs. Gray's position, but she is very smart and knows exactly what we reporters want to hear—I'll give her that.

Shadowless: She always says just the right thing to win people over.

Shadowless: She didn't get to where she is today with just her pretty face.

Shadowless shoves her hands into the pockets of her trench coat and looks in the direction of the reception room with a piercing gaze that seems to see through all deception.

Shadowless: Idunn could indeed be an effective cure... But this cake will be gobbled up long before the people who need it most can even get to it.

Shadowless: Remember, Eli—our job as the media is to uncover and piece together the truth.

Shadowless: The nature of our work requires us to be critical of everything we see.

Shadowless: At the very least, we must give the full picture so that the public can have all the facts, and not just things that these people want them to know.

Assistant: ...This is way too dark.

Assistant: Your way of looking at things, I mean.

Shadowless: It's reality, Eli.

Shadowless: These corporations and the government are all birds of a feather.

Shadowless: Don't be fooled by their glamorous appearance. In the end, the only ones we can trust are ourselves.

Shadowless watches as her other colleagues leave the reception room with all their packed equipment.

Shadowless: Let's head back.

Assistant: Okay...

The group make for the main exit with Shadowless trailing behind. She stops and looks back at the hallway behind her.

Assistant: Shadow?

Shadowless: Coming.

After the press corps has left, Light strolls out from a corner that Shadowless' gaze has swept over.

Light: ...Her sixth sense is sharp as ever.

Click.

Ange: Light, where are you?

Ange: We're done over here.

Light: Right. I'll be right there.

Light turns off his comms and strokes his chin.

...She didn't see me, I hope.

With a faint sense of unease, he once again retreats into the blind spot of the CCTV system.
Part 4: Heraclitus' River I

4

...

In the courtyard of the sanatorium, gentle sunshine caresses the grassy lawn, filling the air with an earthy aroma.

Nurse: Look, Frau Leone.

Nurse: The cornflowers are blooming.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...Sorry, could you push me somewhere else?

Leone: I don't want to see any flowers.

Nurse: Oh...sorry.

Leone: It's alright.

Leone: Also...it feels a bit chilly. Could you fetch me a blanket?

Nurse: Chilly? Sure, I'll go get one from the medical room. Please stay where you are.

Leone: Ha...

Leone looks down at her arm in a cast. Her fingers are trussed up.

She can't even stand up from her wheelchair.

The courtyard of the sanatorium was the work of a famous landscape designer. All the flowers and herbs have been chosen and planted with great care.

Everything within sight exists to alleviate stress.

Leone takes a deep breath.

...They probably don't get a lot of patients who are sensitive to the scent of flowers.

What do they do with patients with hay fever?

Clatter.

A presence suddenly emerges from behind. Her wheelchair is being pushed by the handles once more.

Leone: That was quick, Nurse.

Ange: I forgot your blanket though. I hope you don't mind?

Leone: ...It's you?!

Leone tries to jump to her feet unconsciously, but Ange presses her down firmly on the shoulder with her bionic arm.

Ange: Hush... I just want to talk.

Leone bites her lip. She is shivering all over in fear. She does not dare defy Ange.

Not just because her very life is in Ange's hand right now, but also because the sight of Ange reminds her of the white specter that has plagued her mind incessantly.

Leone: I believe I've told the caretakers to send you away.

Ange: And you think I'd walk away just like that?

Leone: ...

Ange: You agreed to meet me. What changed your mind all of a sudden?

Ange eyes Leone intently. She doesn't look at all like a recuperating patient. She looks rather haggard, as if she has recently been through an ordeal.

Ange: Was Gray here to see you?

Leone: !

Leone flinches, which confirms Ange's suspicion.

Ange: She heard you were going to meet us and came to warn you, didn't she?

Ange: Did she tell you to keep your mouth shut? You know something that she doesn't want anybody to find out, don't you?

Leone: Stop asking. I won't tell you anything.

Leone grips the armrests of her wheelchair, her feeble body still trembling.

She looks incredibly frail, but at the same time very resolute.

Ange: You know I won't give up so easily.

Leone: You don't understand at all, Angelia.

Leone: She isn't someone that a small-time special agent like you can mess with.

Leone: For your own sake...just forget about this whole business. Let us both have some peace.

Leone grows increasingly agitated. Even her broken fingers are curling up.

Leone: ...I just want to live.

Ange: That doesn't sound like something a person who's attempted to commit suicide would say.

Leone: Ha... Thanks to you.

Leone: I have a new-found appreciation for life.

Leone: ...Oh, by the way.

As if struck by a sudden thought, Leone lifts her head.

Leone: They give off very similar vibes.

Ange: Who?

Leone: Gray and your subordinate.

Ange: RPK-16?

Leone: I don't know her name, but I'm talking about the Doll who broke my arm.

Leone: I know it's none of my business, but I suggest that you keep an eye on her.

Ange: You're right—it's none of your business.

Ange sizes up Leone and glances at her watch. The nurse will be returning soon.

Ange: I'll be back.

Leone: Don't bother.

Leone: I won't change my mind.

By then, the presence behind her is already no more.

Nurse: Frau Leone, I'm back!

Nurse: I'm putting the blanket on your lap, okay? ...Hm? W-Why are you so clammy?

Nurse: Frau Leone?

...

AK-12: I gather it didn't go well?

Ange: We're just a bit too late.

Ange: Gray came and threatened Leone. She wouldn't tell me anything.

RPK-16: How efficient of her. Are you giving up just like that?

RPK-16: If you can't bring yourself to do it, I don't mind stepping in... I'm sure Miss Leone would love to continue our intimate little "game".

Ange: No need. Leone is very adamant right now. It won't end well if we force her.

Ange: Leave her be for now. I have another idea.

Ange shifts her attention to Light, who's looking a little disheartened. But once he notices Ange's gaze, he pulls himself together right away.

Light: I will have people watching this place to ensure Leone's personal safety.

Ange: Good. That is certainly a necessary precaution. She may be safe for the moment, but that could change any minute.

Ange: Keep an eye on her for now. We'll tackle this some other way.

Light: Should I gather information on Mrs. Gray?

Ange: She is a possible lead, but I don't see much point in pursuing it. She's constantly under the spotlight. If there's anything fishy about her, somebody would've noticed by now.

Light: So what do you suggest?

Ange: I want to see Powell. Can you make the arrangements?

Light: Powell? He's currently serving prison time. I don't know if we'll get through, but I'll try.

Light: Still, why him?

Ange: You don't need to know. I've got my own plans.

Light: ...Alright.

Light: I'll get started straight away.

Light is a little taken aback by Ange's harsh response, but in the end, he just nods and takes his leave.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 shoots Ange a questioning look and drawls after Light is out of earshot.

RPK-16: Suspicious of him, Ange?

Ange: You got any objections?

RPK-16: No, but just as a reminder, paranoia can affect your judgment.

RPK-16: We're not in Bremen anymore.

AK-12: But Gray was TOO fast. It's too much of a coincidence... This is exactly like how it was in Bremen.

AK-12: Even if it isn't Light, one of his subordinates could be leaking our plans.

AK-12: Don't forget—if Gray has the power to get Leone acquitted...

AK-12: Then she's more than capable of planting moles in the Stasi.

Ange: I know what I'm doing.

Ange: Let's go back to the apartment and wait for Light to get back to us.

AN-94: ...

AN-94 seems to have noticed something. She walks over to Ange.

AN-94: Be careful.

Ange: ...Thanks.

Ange leans on AN-94's arm as she makes it down the stairs slowly.

...

The following day.

Having recovered more energy, Ange undergoes a rigorous vetting process and finally makes it into the interrogation room that Light has arranged.

Light stands outside the door and looks at Ange with some concern.

Light: Are you sure you don't wish to be accompanied?

Ange: Yes, just wait here with DEFY.

Ange: ...Also, well done. You've been very efficient.

Light: My application went through very fast... Almost unsettlingly fast.

Light: This kind of application usually takes a few days to be approved.

Light's words are dripping with implication, but Ange ignores it altogether.

AK-12: Sometimes it's best not to ask too many questions.

AK-12: It won't do you any good, Mr. Light.

Ange: ...

Upon entering the dingy interrogation room on her own, Powell's loathsome face comes into view once more.

Ange settles down quickly and initiates the conversation under Powell's watchful gaze.

Ange: Good morning, Mr. Powell.

Powell: ...Stop beating around the bush, Miss Angelia.

Powell purses his plump, pouty lips, trying to appear tough.

But Ange can spot the beads of sweat forming on his forehead with just a glance.

Ange pulls out a chair and sits down opposite Powell.

Ange: They didn't strip you of your suit? I didn't expect a preacher from Bremen to command such respect even in Berlin.

Powell: Humph... I wouldn't have come this far without a few friends.

Powell's gaze wanders around the room. He dabs at his clammy forehead with the handkerchief in his cuffed hands from time to time.

Ange: And yet your friends are still keeping you locked up in here.

Ange: I hear Leone gets to sleep on a soft mattress in some luxurious lodgings. Any idea why?

Powell: Don't bother. I've told the Stasi everything I know.

Powell: You're wasting your time here.

Ange: I knew you were going to say that, but I just don't believe you.

Ange: A wily old fox such as yourself must've saved a card up your sleeve. Even now, you still think everything is under your control.

Ange: When in fact, you're not in the game anymore.

Powell: H-How dare you?!

Ange must have struck a nerve, as Powell slammed his hands on the desk all of a sudden.

Powell: You know nothing about me, bitches!

Powell: Soon I'll be out of here, then I'll make everyone pay for this!

Ange: ...

Ange pinches the bridge of her nose and shakes her head. She rises from her chair.

Powell: W...What are you doing?

Powell: We're not done yet. Are you leaving?

Powell seems to think Ange got up to take her leave and starts panicking.

Ange: Ah, so you DO understand your situation.

Ange: Do you have any idea what will happen to you if you refuse to cooperate?

Ange: Now you're scared.

Powell: S...Scared? Me? You must be kidding!

Powell: You're the one begging me for information, agent... So fix your attitude!

Ange: Huh...

Ange: Light, turn off the CCTV.

Powell: ...What's the big idea?

Sensing danger, Powell eyes Ange warily.

But Ange doesn't answer. She just circles around to his back.

Powell: I'm warning you! If I—

Slam!

In just a second, before Powell can even finish his sentence, his head is slammed heavily against the metal surface of the desk.

Powell: Gah!

Ange then jerks his head back by his hair, causing him to squeal like a pig.

Powell: You bitch! Let go of me... Oh god! Please, I beg you!

Ange: I've dealt with too many pieces of shit like you.

Ange: I know how easy it is to break you.

Slam!

Slam!

Slam!

Grabbing him by the head, Ange slams him against the desk a few more times.

The skin on Powell's forehead quickly breaks and his entire face is soon covered in blood and gore.

Powell: Ah... Argh!

Ange: I don't have time to waste on garbage.

Ange's slightly hoarse voice sounds no different from a devil's murmur to Powell.

Ange: Tell me—who pulled Leone out and why? What does Leone have on her?!

Powell: I'll tell you! For heaven's sake, I'll tell you everything!

Powell: Let go!

Thunk!

Ange thrusts Powell's head onto the desk one last time before swaggering back to her chair.

Powell sobs and whimpers as he slowly lifts his head. He has long since lost hold of his handkerchief, and there's nothing with which to clean the blood off his face.

Powell: I don't know who it was, but I know why they did it.

Ange: Why?

Powell: Because of her research.

Powell: Before you trashed the Flora Institute, Leone's research had reached a critical stage.

Powell: That person was after Leone's tech, but she refused to share anything but the formulation of the hallucinogen...

Ange: Humph... So I actually did her a favor.

Ange: Leone doesn't have much choice under these circumstances.

Ange: This is part of her plan.

Ange: What else do you know? What is her research about?

Powell: I don't know the details, but it's definitely about some kind of weapon of mass destruction.

Ange: There are many weapons of mass destruction in the world, why are they so interested in Leone's?

Ange: What's so special about it?

Powell: I only know what I know because I was given the opportunity to use it, but even so...

Powell: All I know is that the substance is very easy to conceal and virtually undetectable by any kind of device.

Powell: It's perfect for...

Ange: ...Terrorist attacks.

Powell: Yes, it can be easily delivered to anywhere.

Powell: Just imagine—if I could get a dirty bomb inside the Chancellor's residence...

Powell: What would be beyond my reach? Who wouldn't fear me?!

His pain must have started to subside, because Powell has regained some of his usual insolence.

His teeth are dyed red by his blood, but he's still cackling at his own little fantasy.

Whoosh!

Ange jumps to her feet.

Powell: !

Ange's abrupt movement sends Powell cowering again.

Powell: That's all I know!

Ange: "Planning something big in Berlin..." Dammit, it can't be!

She pays him no mind.

Instead, she places both hands on the desk and mutters to herself with a deep, ponderous frown.

Ange: No... Just knowing isn't enough. I have no evidence.

Powell watches Ange's strange behavior and carefully loosens up, seeing that she doesn't seem to have any intention of hitting him.

After some hesitation, he sniffs.

Powell: I can see that you're still missing one last card in your hand.

Ange: You got any friendly advice?

Powell: I'd hardly call it friendly... Not for a crazy bitch like you...

Powell realizes his mistake the moment the derogatory term slips out, and his voice trails off.

But he refuses to take back what he just said. His face flushes red in either fear or indignation.

Ange stares at him patiently—she won't inflict any more violence on him because she's already got what she wanted.

Powell: Let's make a deal.

Ange: A deal?

Powell: I have a lead...which will definitely be useful to you.

Powell: If you can guarantee my safety, I could...

Ange: Just spit it out.

Ange: You may not even live to regret not making a deal with me while you still can.

Powell opens his mouth and pauses. But as he returns Ange's gaze, he understands that his options are limited. He grits his teeth and fishes out a cigarette case from his pocket.

Ange: What's this?

Ange takes the case and opens it. Inside is a small vial.

Powell: Every prison has its own smuggler, and Berlin Prison is no exception.

Powell: Tobacco, whisky, posters of hot chicks... Where there's a demand, there's a supply; I'm sure you understand.

Ange: Most wardens turn a blind eye to this kinda stuff, sometimes because of bribe, sometimes just to keep the peace... But drugs—that's where they draw the line.

Powell: No, this is no ordinary drug. Obviously not.

Powell: How else would I be able to get it in?

Ange: So what is it?

Powell: You still remember the substance I used in Bremen?

Powell: The one that I got from Leone.

Ange: ...The hallucinogen?

Powell: I have friends in Berlin Prison as well. Word has it...

Powell: This has become all the rage lately.

Powell: A hallucinogen? Being circulated in prison?

Powell: I don't know what it means and I have no interest in finding out.

Powell: But I've given you the lead...now keep up your end of the bargain!

Ange: ...

Ange weighs the cigarette case in her palm and pockets it.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...Who else have you told about this?

Powell: Just you.

Powell: I didn't even know when the Stasi interrogated me.

Powell: So the only ones who know about this are you and me.

Powell: Of course, there's no telling if anyone involved in the smuggling business would let it slip, but that's beyond my control.

Ange: Don't tell another soul.

Ange: I will remember this favor.

...
Part 5: Heraclitus' River II

5

...

AK-12: Ange? How did it go?

Ange: I'll fill you in on the way.

RPK-16: You don't look too happy.

Light: Did you find out anything new?

Ange: Nothing useful.

Ange: He's been pretty much squeezed dry by your colleagues.

Light: ...

Light raises an eyebrow. He opens his mouth to say something but then changes his mind.

Once they are out of the building, Ange hastens back to the apartment.

AK-15 speaks up all of a sudden.

AK-15: Ange.

Ange: What?

AK-15: We are being followed.

Ange: ...

Ange: Shake them off.
Part 6: HR II - Bottom Radar

6

...

Ange: ...First of all, we must trace the source of this drug.

Ange: 12, go and get a line on who's been peddling prohibited goods in prison.

AK-12: Isn't it better to let the actual townie handle this?

AK-12: I mean the whelp.

Ange: He doesn't even know I've got my hands on this vial.

Ange: Now cut the crap. This is a piece of cake for you. I want results in two hours.

AK-12: Alright, alright, leave it to me.

Ange: Well?

AK-12: Yep, piece of cake. The Berlin underworld network is transparent like glass.

AK-12: There are four people smuggling goods into the prison, two of which have gone missing since a while ago.

AK-12: Coincidentally, two new players have taken their places, and as far as I know, the other two have no objections about that.

Ange: Whoever has any objections is now dead.

Ange: Brutal, but simple... AK-15, take over from here. This shouldn't be a problem for you, right?

AK-15: I'll handle it.
Part 7: HR II - Left Radar

7

...

Ange: ...Is this supposed to be the slum in Berlin?

AK-12: The conditions are even better than some regular residential areas in Bremen.

AK-12: The standard of living really varies from city to city.

Ange: 15, what have you got so far?

Ange: ...What's this bloodstain on the floor?

AK-15: He refused to talk unless I offered him something in return.

AK-12: Well, clearly you've made him an offer he couldn't refuse.

Ange: So what have you learned?

AK-15: These two are definitely the source of the hallucinogen circulating in the prison.

AK-15: But they are not the first consignors. They have to report to their superior whenever they receive and distribute a consignment.

AK-15: This superior apparently never deals with them in person.

AK-12: Apparently?

AK-15: I found him.

Ange: Good job.

Ange: Notify RPK. Prepare to move out.

AK-15: Understood.
Part 8: Cracks (side)

8

...

Shadowless: ...The government's refusal to address the citizens' protests is met with further dissatisfaction.

Shadowless: Today, a demonstration in Neuhammer escalated into violence, and two Berlin police officers...

Light: ...

The door opens.

Light: Dinner is in the fridge.

Shadowless: Thanks.

Shadowless: What are you watching?

Shadowless flings her leather handbag onto the sofa and makes her way to the fridge. She takes out a bottle of well-chilled beer.

Light: The news.

Shadowless sips her beer and gazes at the television screen thoughtfully with an elbow on Light's head.

Shadowless: My hair was curling a bit funny, don't you think?

Light: I thought you'd quit drinking?

Shadowless: I only drink non-alcoholic beer after work.

Light: That's fine, and you've been working out.

Light: But still, make sure you stay safe.

Light: You were there at the riot the day before yesterday, weren't you?

Shadowless: Are you teaching me how to do my job?

Shadowless whacks Light lightly on the head.

Shadowless: If I were afraid of taking risks, I would just be holed up in my office, typing away.

Shadowless: This is what it means to be a news correspondent. If you're really worried about me, then quit that nasty job of yours and join me!

Shadowless: I can create an opening for you anytime!

Light: ...You know that's not possible.

Light: We've discussed this many times.

Shadowless: Humph...

Shadowless goes over to sit on the sofa, deliberately putting some distance between Light and herself.

Shadowless: You were at the sanatorium during the day, weren't you?

Light: No.

Light's denial slips out as he finds himself confronted by Shadowless' accusing eyes.

Shadowless: You think you can fool me?

Shadowless: I'm warning you—go talk to Kevin. It doesn't matter who's in charge of this case as long as it's not you; I don't want you anywhere near it.

Light: Why?

Shadowless: It's too dangerous.

Shadowless puts down her beer on the coffee table.

Just then, the news on TV starts showing footages of the riot.

Shadowless: Idunn is a honeypot. The government and many major corporations all have their eyes on it.

Shadowless: You're only 19, why are you getting involved in this? Are you so eager to throw away your life?

Boom!

An explosion goes off on TV, filling in the silence.

Light: Are we really having a debate about who has the more dangerous job here?

Shadowless: I'm not joking.

Light: Me neither, sis.

Light picks up the remote control and turns off the television.

Light: Here's some advice from an insider—don't dig too deep.

Light: This isn't something the media should look into. Back off or you'll get in trouble.

Shadowless: Light!

Shadowless calls out to Light, who has got to his feet. She looks almost pained.

Shadowless: ...You don't have to risk your own life for Mother's work.

Light: This is my choice, sister.

Light: I hope you can understand... If you can't...

He pauses for a moment.

Light: It would make me sad.

With a shake of his head, Light leaves the living room and retreats into his bedroom.

The beer on the table is still bubbling, but Shadowless no longer has the appetite for it.
Part 9: Heraclitus' River III

9

...

Back in the apartment.

Ange places the vial on the table and studies it intently.

AK-12: I could tell from your face that you haven't returned empty-handed.

AK-12 has snuck up quietly behind her.

Ange: Where are the others?

AK-12: I have 94 watching the whelp. 15 and 16 are on the lookout.

AK-12: You don't want him to take part in what's coming up?

Ange: That's because I'm about to cross the line.

Ange: If he finds out, things will get messy.

AK-12: What's the plan?

Ange: First of all, I must track down whoever's slinging this.

Ange: According to Powell, this thing is in ample supply, so there must be more.

Ange: Whoever the supplier is, they must've left traces.

AK-12: What's this?

Ange: The same stuff we encountered in Bremen, remember? Hallucinogen à la Leone.

Ange: But all of Leone's and Powell's stocks should've been seized by the Stasi when they were arrested.

AK-12: So either there is another source...

AK-12: Or they still have spies in the Stasi.

AK-12: Which do you think is more probable?

Ange: ...I know for a fact that Leone and Powell didn't hold all the stock.

Ange: But do you see the implication of such flagrant circulation of this illicit substance within Berlin Prison?

Ange: Who do you think I can trust, 12?

Ange taps the armrest on her chair, her voice wavering sightly.

AK-12: Me, 94, 15, 16, and the Griffin Commander.

Ange: ...

AK-12: You're not alone in this fight, Ange.

AK-12: Relax. You're being too hard on yourself.

Ange: I know...

Click.

Call connected.

Commander: Ange?

Ange: Good afternoon, Commander.

Ange: I hope you have good news for me?

Commander: Well...I don't know if this counts as good news.

Commander: I do have a new lead, but it points toward a tragedy that's poised to happen.

Ange: Just "poised to happen"; not "already happened"—I'll take that as good news.

Ange: Go ahead, what's this about?

Commander: Remember the Earl said William is planning something big in Berlin? I have an inkling of what that may be.

Ange: An inkling?

Commander: William is possibly planning to detonate a dirty bomb in Berlin.

Commander: I saw an image of the aftermath - the entire city covered in Epiphylla.

Commander: Dandelion also believes that this is the desired effect of a certain "plan".

Ange: ...A dirty bomb?

Ange: Are you certain? It's impossible even for William to get something like that into Berlin.

Commander: I'm not sure, but there is evidence to support this conjecture.

Commander: The specific implementation and timeframe are still unclear and under investigation.

Commander: I just think you should know about this.

Ange: Right, got it... You're starting to sound like that old geezer.

Ange: And how are things going with Morridow? Have you obtained any new information from her?

Commander: Mo...you mean Machlian?

Commander: ...Nothing so far.

Commander: I'm working on it.

Ange: If it's not working out, just send her over to me before it's too late.

Ange: I have more ways than one to make her talk.

Commander: No, it's okay, I can handle it.

Ange: Fine.

Ange: ...Say, did something happen?

Ange: You seem kinda out of it.

Commander: Me? No...I'm perfectly fine.

Ange: Don't try to fool me, you should know better.

Ange: Or do you not trust me?

Commander: That's not it!

Commander: (Sighs) ...It's just...um...

Commander: Kalina, my adjutant, spent too long in the Red Zone...

Ange: ELID?

Commander: Yeah.

Ange: ...I'm sorry.

Ange: Is it serious?

Commander: It's not too bad at the moment; still only in the early stages. I'm just worried about the allocation of medical... No, forget it.

Ange: Don't worry, that young lady is a strong one. If she had enlisted, she would have done at least as well as me.

Ange: She'll pull through.

Commander: Yeah, thanks.

Ange: Right, I've got stuff to do.

Ange: Till next time.

Commander: Okay, bye.

Click.

Call ended.

AK-12: What a nightmare.

AK-12: The competent Miss Kalina succumbed at a time like this?

AK-12: No wonder she wasn't there at the pub.

Ange: ...

Ange closes her eyes. She suddenly clutches at her chest and bends down.

AK-12: Ange...?

Ange: ...

AK-12: Ange!

Ange: ...12?

AK-12: Ange?

Ange: ...I'm fine.

Ange clenches her fist. Her hand is clammy with sweat.

Ange: If what the Commander says is true, then everything unusual that's happening could be a prelude to the oncoming attack.

Ange: The Earl...wasn't lying.

AK-12: You think the attack is going to happen?

Ange: Why not? This also corresponds to the leads we currently have.

Ange: You heard the Commander. The image is the aftermath of a dirty bomb explosion, with Epiphylla blooming.

Ange: Who has the means to transport a dirty bomb into the heart of Berlin?

Ange: It can only be Leone's new technology... I don't know what exactly it is yet, but it must have something to do with Epiphylla.

Ange: This must be what Gray is planning.

AK-12: That does make sense. Then the woman is the key to the whole conspiracy?

Ange: Has Leone given her the tech yet?

Ange: ...We have to let the Earl get rid of her before she starts putting the plan into motion.

Ange: The Earl wants evidence, so we'll give him evidence.

Ange inhales deeply to ease the tightness in her chest.

Ange: We must track down the supplier of this hallucinogen. You and 94... No, have 94 watch that kid. Get 15 and 16 to help you look into who's smuggling the drug into the prison.

AK-12: Understood.

Ange: ...William wants to play an epic game of chess.

Ange: So, I'm overturning his chessboard.

Ange: I will never let him get what he wants.

...
Part 10: The Grain of Millet I

10

...

Under the cover of night, a truck driving along a muddy road emerges from the woods on the outskirts of the city.

Smuggler: Verdammt...

The heavy truck lurches as it goes over a bump on the road. The driver curses.

Fortunately, he won't have to make this blasted trip again for the rest of the week.

The truck slowly comes to a halt in front of a white building. This three-storey warehouse is surrounded by walls on all sides with electrified security fences on top. CCTV cameras are in every corner, leaving no blind spots.

This facility may be remote and secluded, but whoever thinks of burgling this place has to be insane.

The smuggler chuckles to himself at this amusing thought. But then he remembers his task and hurriedly honks his horn.

Smuggler: I've brought the goods!

Clatter...

At the sound of his horn, the gates slowly open.

???: ...

The familiar black-clad girl glides out from within.

The smuggler opens his door and jumps off the truck. He rolls his neck to relax his stiff muscles.

No matter how many times he's seen her, he is struck by her unusual prosthetics... But he knows better than to ask questions.

Smuggler: The quantity of this consignment is rather large. Give me a heads-up next time, okay?

???: ...Is it all here?

Smuggler: Yes, all of it.

???: Then cease the deliveries for the time being.

???: We will get in touch when we have need of your service again.

???: You may go.

Smuggler: Tsk...

They have been working together for quite some time, but this girl in black is as cold and unfriendly as ever.

To corporates like her, he's probably about as insignificant as a piece of rock on the ground.

Smuggler: I'll have to raise the price next time!

Smuggler: Delivering such dangerous stuff to the prison is a very high-risk job!

Anxious to leave this spooky place, the smuggler returns to his truck.

Rumble...

The engine comes to life, and the truck slowly drives away in the direction from which it came.

???: ...

The black-clad girl⁠—or rather, the Nyto⁠—follows the truck's departure with her eyes. Then she checks the surroundings one last time before retreating behind the walls.

The gates close once again.

Pzzt⁠—

However, the moment she enters the building, an electric fence on the walls suddenly gives off a spark before being deactivated.

Whoosh⁠—

A nimble figure steps onto the wall, vaults over the fence, and lands on the other side.

Three other figures repeat the same motions, all with practiced and nonchalant ease.

???: Surveillance system is jammed.

???: No active units detected.

???: Good. Advance.

In a hidden corner, the conspiratorial whispers fade into the shadows along with these figures.

...

AK-12: No unusual activity in the left wing.

AK-15: No unusual activity in the right wing.

RPK-16: Breaking into their security system.

Ange: ...Did you see that at the gates?

AK-15: It was a Nyto.

AK-12: She didn't even bother to hide her prosthetics. I honestly don't know what to say.

AK-12: Aren't they concerned about being recognized?

Ange: Only very few smugglers have channels into Berlin Prison, and even fewer have the means to deliver hallucinogens.

Ange: They seem awfully careless with such valuable assets.

RPK-16: They probably kill these smugglers after one or two deliveries and give the job to someone new.

RPK-16: Their business model will only give them a bad name in the Berlin underground black market.

RPK-16: But they don't seem to have a shortage of slingers, so either the local gangs are really that stupid, or the orchestrator behind the scenes is in charge of the black market itself.

AK-15: This building is owned by Galatea Corporation.

AK-15: More specifically...by Gray.

Ange: Every clue leads back to her... Looks like we can raise the net soon.

Ange: Can we enter the building?

RPK-16: The security system is very sophisticated. I can loop the CCTV cameras and turn off the alarms, but the rest is up to you.

AK-15: You shouldn't have come with us. You should've stayed at the apartment with 94.

Ange: 94 is perfectly capable of watching the kid on her own.

Ange: If I'd stayed, I'd have to deal with his questions about your whereabouts.

Ange: Besides...I won't rest easy until I've seen the results with my own eyes.

AK-12: Just to make it clear... What we're about to do is absolutely illegal.

AK-12: Depending on the outcome, it could greatly jeopardize your position.

Ange: Not my problem. The Earl would have to sort it out.

Ange: As long as we have the evidence, he can lock this place down.

Ange: He'd better be prepared for such contingencies if he wants something from me.

AK-12: I'm surprised Zelinsky even put up with you for so long.

RPK-16: The emergency exit is open.

AK-12: Then it's a go. Remember to keep your weapons loaded.

AK-12: And you, Ange, stay behind me and don't do anything rash.

Ange: ...Let's go.

...
Part 11: The Grain of Millet II

11

Inside the warehouse, the black-clad Nyto who has just met with the smuggler is walking down an aisle.

On both sides, white soldiers are loading crates of formulations onto conveyor belts in an orderly fashion.

The Nyto passes through the files of soldiers and arrive before a Nyto in white at the end of the aisle.

White Nyto: Well?

Nyto: That man has outlived his usefulness.

White Nyto: And the replacement?

Nyto: The Doctor will send him over soon.

White Nyto: The next batch is to be delivered to Narciss.

White Nyto: Handle it in person.

Nyto: Understood.

The black Nyto nods. Then she looks up at the white Nyto.

Nyto: How much longer do we have to work here?

White Nyto: ...

The white Nyto makes no effort to answer the black Nyto's query.

She gazes at her silently, takes two steps closer, and tilts her head up with a hand.

Nyto: ...?

The black Nyto is puzzled by the gesture, but she obviously finds it unnerving.

Then...

Slap!

The white Nyto smacks her squarely across the face, sending her rolling across the floor.

White Nyto: I did not give you permission to ask questions...

White Nyto: ...So keep your mouth shut.

Nyto: I'm sorry...

The black Nyto scrambles back onto her feet and keeps her head bowed in repentance.

White Nyto: Operation Cocoon takes precedence over everything else.

White Nyto: Since Morridow has ordered us to aid the Doctor...

White Nyto: That's what we'll do.

White Nyto: Do you intend to defy Father?

Nyto: N-No...

While the white Nyto is admonishing the other Nyto, their internal comms suddenly go off.

White Nyto: ...!

Nyto: ...!

The two Nytos freeze for a second before turning to look in the other direction.

Noticing their movement, all the white soldiers also put down the merchandise they've been handling and pick up their weapons.

White Nyto: Intruders!

White Nyto: Eliminate them!

...
Part 12: The Grain of Millet III

12

Boom!

AK-12: Ange!!

...

Blazing fire engulfs the darkness of night.

Ange's already frayed nerves are further strained by the spots dancing in her vision and the ringing in her ears caused by the impact, but she is otherwise largely unharmed.

Ange: ...AK-12?

Her subordinate's face appear before her eyes.

The last time she saw AK-12 looking so weak and shaken was when she fought that man.

AK-12: Deep breaths, Ange. Deep breaths.

Ange: 12? You...

AK-12: Ange, look at me.

AK-12: Do you remember what happened?

Ange: I...

The memories start coming back to her.

Ange: We were exchanging fire with Paradeus.

Ange: I saw you and AK-15 pinning down the Paradeus troops in the warehouse.

Ange: Then RPK-16 and I killed the black Nyto together.

Ange: After that...

Ange recalls the dazzling flash of light.

Ange: ...After that, the white Nyto blew up the warehouse.

Ange: You dove on top of me and carried me out through the window.

AK-12: Good, looks like you've got all your marbles.

Ange: But you...

That's when Ange notices the rough shape that AK-12 seems to be in.

She looks terrible.

AK-12: Don't worry, I'm fine. Just a few mangled components jamming my joints...

AK-12: I need emergency repairs... It's hard to move.

Ange: ...

Ange wriggles out of AK-12's arms and gets to her feet rather unsteadily.

Before her, what was once a white building has been reduced to a pile of rubble.

All those formulations being loaded into crates are now nothing but dust.

Boom!

A tall figure suddenly gets up from the ground.

All the broken bricks, tiles, and dirt fall off to reveal...

AK-15.

RPK-16, who was shielded underneath her, seems to be uninjured, albeit a bit rumpled.

Ange: ...RPK, perform emergency repairs on 12.

RPK-16: No can do. Even I can't tear out her broken parts with my bare hands.

RPK-16: But don't worry, I'm sure the iron-willed AK-12 will hold out just fine.

AK-12: When I can stand on my legs again, killing you will be the first thing I do.

AK-15: ...Do you need spare parts? You can take some from me.

AK-12: That would be counterproductive.

AK-12: We cannot afford to undermine your performance in battle—that could prove fatal for Ange.

AK-12: Just get me back to the apartment. 94 has the necessary tools.

Ange: ...Where's the Nyto?

AK-15 scans the surroundings and shakes her head.

AK-15: Gone.

AK-15: I'm not seeing her remains, so she must have fled.

Ange: She escaped?

Ange: Tsk... Why?

AK-12: I don't know, but shouldn't we also retreat?

AK-12: We're in no condition to initiate a pursuit.

Ange: You're right. Besides, we've already got what we're after.

Ange lets out a long sigh.

Ange: Investigate the scene and gather all the clues.

Ange: Once we pass them over to the Earl, we'll have enough evidence to accuse Gray.

RPK-16: Provided that...we can actually make it back.

Ange: What?

Ange's query is cut off by the sudden wail of ear-splitting sirens.

In the blink of an eye, people in police and security uniforms swarm in from all directions.

They are all armed and making a beeline for Ange.

Security Guard: Don't move!

Police Officer: Drop your weapons!

They move in quickly, and without any obstacles around, Ange can only watch as they soon have her firmly surrounded.

AK-15 and RPK-16, still holding onto their weapons, fall back to protect Ange's flanks.

AK-15 is radiating so much murderous rage that most of the security guards aim straight at her subconsciously.

Ange: ...

No, this isn't right.

There's nothing "subconscious" about this. They are clearly hostile and have an obvious target.

It's only natural that an explosion would draw the attention of the authorities.

But there is private security personnel among this group.

They're working together.

What does this signify?

Gray: We meet again under strange circumstances.

Gray: Miss Angelia.

Ange: ...You.

Someone Ange absolutely dreads to see appears before her.

The mixed group of security guards and police officers part like the Red Sea before Moses, leaving a path for Gray to saunter along towards Ange.

Gray: Well, don't just stand there. Search the scene.

Before engaging Ange in conversation, Gray waves to disperse the troops gathered around.

Except for a small group still holding Task Force DEFY at gunpoint, the others scatter at Gray's command.

They cordon off the site of the explosion and start cleaning up the remains. They work in an orderly fashion and perfect coordination with each other.

Ange: Wait!

Ange: Those are...

Security Guard: Stop!

Ange wants to intervene, but several security guards next to Gray stop her in her tracks with raised weapons.

AK-15 steps in front of Ange and glares threateningly at them, but they don't seem at all intimidated by her impressive stature.

Ange: Dammit...

Ange watches helplessly as these people gather up all the remaining formulations and a few unrecognizable corpses—her hard-earned clues and evidence.

It has been an unexpected turn of events, but even Ange understands why Gray is here.

Ange: Destroying evidence, are you?

Gray: Evidence?

Gray's brow furrows in apparent confusion.

She eyes the ruins and glances at the security guards around her.

Security Guard: There seems to be some kind of misunderstanding, Miss Angelia.

Security Guard: This is a Galatea storage facility for experimental articles.

Security Guard: There's nothing but Idunn serums here.

The guard standing next to Gray speaks up sternly at her signal.

Ange: Who's that going to fool?

Gray: I don't know. Who do you think?

Gray smiles meaningfully.

Gray: Trust the Berlin Police's judgment, Miss Angelia.

Gray: ...Your government will never betray you.

Ange: This isn't my government. Besides...the police?

Ange snorts and glares at Gray, whose face is illuminated by the dying flames.

Ange: This place is over six kilometers away from the city with no direct transport access.

Ange: How could the Berlin Police arrive so quickly?

Ange: Not to mention there's such amazing teamwork between these "police" and your mercenaries. They're all working for you.

Ange lifts her chin defiantly, and her Dolls take another step forward. The standoff grows increasingly touch-and-go.

Ange: ...You aren't even bothering to play innocent.

Ange: In other words, you don't plan on letting me leave, do you?

AK-15: ...

AK-15's eyes flicker dangerously. Her weapon is trained directly on Gray.

AK-12: 15... Stay calm.

AK-12's low murmur halts AK-15's finger, which is poised to pull her trigger any second.

RPK-16: ...Don't worry, 12.

RPK-16: 15 isn't prone to rashness.

But even as she says that, RPK-16 directs her gaze towards Gray.

RPK-16: If there is an exchange of fire, it will be very difficult for us to defend Ange. After all, there's nothing that can give us cover.

RPK-16: But that's true for you too, you know?

RPK-16: At this distance, 15 can easily break your neck in the blink of an eye.

Security Guard: Come again?!

RPK-16's provocation has triggered the wrath of the armed security guard. He roars as he charges forward, but his advance is blocked by AK-15.

Conflict seems ready to break out any moment, but no one dares make a move before the two key players give the order.

Gray: I'll try my luck.

Gray grins as she meets RPK-16's gaze.

Ange: Do you think you can actually get away with this?

Gray: You're toying with Pandora's Box, Angelia.

Gray: I could indulge your little mischief...but you made this choice.

Ange eyes this woman coldly and can almost smell her brazen contempt.

At this distance... If she draws her pistol quickly enough, she could at least...

???: Wait!

Just then, a familiar voice shouts from another entrance.

Then a completely different force rushes in.

Gray lifts her head and her men are immediately on the alert.

Light: Miss Angelia is an important collaborator of the Stasi.

Light: Neither the Berlin Police nor Galatea has the authority to detain her.

Light: I'm taking over the situation from here!

The young man strides up to Ange and Gray and flashes his identifications as he approaches.

Behind him, AN-94 heads straight over to the collapsed AK-12 with a toolkit.

She performs emergency repairs on AK-12 wordlessly and soon enough, AK-12's dull eyes light up again.

AN-94: Core components are undamaged. You can move now, 12.

AK-12: Good. Give me my rifle.

AK-12: I'm gonna gun down this pompous woman.

AK-12 struggles to her feet but is held down by both AN-94 and Ange.

Gray: ...Young man, has your little operation been authorized?

Gray narrows her eyes at Light, who has wedged himself between her and Ange. Her tone is dripping with menace.

Light: Of course. I have the warrant right here. As I said, I'm now taking over here.

Light: Mrs. Gray, please cooperate with our investigation.

Gray: Humph...

Gray waves her hand and her men files off in an orderly manner.

With their scavenged remnants, obviously.

Light: ...Please leave those behind.

Security Guard: Don't go too far, Stasi!

Security Guard: You have no right to seize Galatea's property.

Security Guard: Ask your superior to haul his ass here!

Security Guard: Otherwise, mind your own business.

Light: ...

Realizing that this is as far as he can push it, Light backs up a step and beckons for the other agents to enter the site of the explosion.

Light: May I confirm that an attack has taken place here?

Gray: Incidents like this were rather common in Berlin in the last few months.

Gray: But it's hard to believe that these rioters are nefarious enough to raise a hand against Galatea.

Gray: However, this company will not bow down to terrorism of any kind.

Gray: Idunn will be launched on schedule... You can relay that to your friend, little agent.

Light falls silent for a moment before bowing slightly to Gray.

Light: I understand.

Light: Miss Ange, let's go.

Ange: ...

Ange helps AK-12 up. She looks up and meets Gray's eyes.

Gray: Count yourself lucky.

Ange: Don't think this is over yet.

After watching Ange leave under the Stasi's protection, Gray turns around and takes in the scene of devastation.

Gray: ...We're leaving too.

Gray: There's nothing left here.

With that, Galatea's troops march out of the facility.
Part 13: Night Festival (side)

13

...

After departing from the storage facility, Galatea's convoy drives on along the bumpy road.

But instead of returning to the city, it is headed for somewhere even more remote.

It travels beyond the quarantine wall and out of the decontamination zone.

When it reaches a stretch of no man's land, it finally comes to a halt.

Security Guard: Mrs. Gray, we're here.

Gray: ...

(Rustles)

Security Guard: ...!

The sudden movement immediately puts the security guards on alert.

A large amount of white soldiers emerge from behind obstacles without warning and have Gray and her entourage completely surrounded.

Security Guard: Who are you?!

Nyto: ...

...A cyborg girl garbed in white walks up slowly from among the white troops.

Security Guard: D-Don't come any closer!

The security guards, deeply unnerved by the mysterious and creepy troops, raise their weapons.

Gray: ...

However, their charge, Mrs. Gray, strides out from behind the defensive barrier formed by the guards.

Security Guard: Hold... Mrs. Gray! Watch out!

One of the guards call out in alarm at the sight of their delicate-looking superior facing down the girl armed with a scythe.

But what happens next catches him completely by surprise.

Smack!

Mrs. Gray slaps the girl heavily across the face.

Gray: ...Why was Angelia at the factory?

Nyto: I'm sorr...

Smack!

Another slap, this time with the back of her hand.

Gray: Imbecile.

Gray's menacing face and spine-chilling voice make the security guards wonder if they are hallucinating.

Gray: If I hadn't been notified in time, do you know what would've happened because of your blunder?

Nyto: ...

Gray: You have marred my immaculate plan with a speckle of dust.

Gray: Will you bear full responsibility if this angers Father?

Nyto: ...I will.

Gray eyes the white Nyto for a while and finally reverts to her usual soft-spoken countenance.

Gray: I expect as much.

Gray: ...Now get to work.

Nyto: Understood.

The white Nyto nods and shifts her gaze towards the Galatea forces behind Gray.

Security Guard: Mrs. Gray... What is the meaning of this?!

Nyto: ...Kill them all.

The white Nyto raises her scythe and utters her command softly.

Security Guard: What?!

The next moment, gunfire and screams erupt almost simultaneously.

Gray flicks the dust off her hem, not even sparing the men a glance.

Gray: Remember, before midnight.

Nyto: ...Do I need to retrieve the corpse?

Gray: ...

Angered once more by the Nyto's stupidity, Gray narrows her eyes and is about to punish her again, but then an idea occurs to her.

Her face smoothens.

Gray: Sure.

Gray: But don't bring it to me.

Gray: ...Deliver a surprise to Morridow.

Nyto: Yes, ma'am.

The white Nyto nods and looks up uncertainly at Gray.

She is fearful of incurring the latter's wrath again, but she still ventures a question cautiously.

Nyto: Can the mole you planted close to Angelia...

Nyto: ...be of use yet?

Gray: ...

Gray stares at the Nyto expressionlessly.

Only when the Nyto starts becoming nervous does she finally shake her head and turn away.

Gray: Not yet.

By then, the massacre is over, and the puddle of blood seeps up to Gray's feet.

The white troops sort through the bodies with great efficiency and start destroying all the goods on the trucks systematically.

Gray eyes the blood-splattered trucks with disgust and backs away.

Gray: Pandora's Box...shouldn't be opened lightly.

Nyto: Understood.

The white Nyto nods reverently.

Gray: Also, I need a car.

Nyto: ...Yes, ma'am.
Part 14: The Prisoner's Dilemma I

14

...

At Ange's accommodation in Berlin.

It's deep into the night, still two or three hours away from daybreak.

Ange and her subordinates are in varying states of disheveledness, but they have finally made it back.

From the moment they left the storage facility, Light has been following Ange without a word.

He silently escorts Ange, who is just as silent, all the way to the safe house.

Ange: ...

Light: ...

He shadows Ange's footsteps until they reach Ange's door. The other Stasi members have returned to their original posts, but Light seems intent on staying.

Ange comes to a halt in front of her door.

Ange: This will do.

Light: I will be staying here tonight—in the room next door.

Light sidesteps Ange's pointed remark expressionlessly.

Ange: What, worried that I'll go blow up another warehouse?

Light: Not at all.

Light: It's just that my elder sister has already gone to bed and I do not wish to disturb her.

Ange: Oh? You have a sister? Is she also in the Stasi?

Light: ...No, she's a reporter.

Ange: A reporter?

Light: Indeed.

Ange gazes at Light, her hand still resting on the door handle.

Light returns her gaze evenly. He doesn't plan on letting Ange out of his sight until she has entered through the door.

Considering what just happened...Ange has nothing to say about that.

She pauses for a long while before finally letting go of the door handle. She leans on her elbow against the door and decides to clear the air.

Ange: Look, I'm really sorry about tonight.

Ange: I acted without permission and caused you trouble.

Light: ...

Light blinks—he is not expecting this at all.

Angelia doesn't strike him...as someone who would ever apologize.

Light: No...it's alright.

Light: I know you don't trust me. That's completely understandable.

Light: I know what you've been through in Bremen.

Light: Paradeus has already infiltrated the top strata of German politics, now even Gray has proved to be unscrupulous.

Light: I cannot fault you for being cautious under such circumstances.

Ange raps her knuckles against the door while pondering what to say in response. Honestly, Light is not wrong about her—she isn't one to apologize.

She is not particularly good at it, but looking at this young man, she believes she owes him this much.

Ange: When that young woman first joined me, she was just like you.

Ange: Young, eager, ambitious. You remind too much of her.

Light: ...But I will never go against you or try to take your life on a plane.

Ange: Haha.

Ange: What, so you're a good boy?

Light: I don't think I'm particularly good.

Light: I often make my sister angry. To her, I'm a rebellious baby brother.

Ange: It's not always a bad thing to be a rebel. However, you shouldn't rebel just for the sake of it.

Ange grabs hold of the door handle again.

Ange: You saved us today. Thank you.

Ange: However, I will not stop relying on my judgment.

Light: I do have faith in your judgment.

Light: If you require my services, please just ask.

Ange: Now go get some rest. We have much to do tomorrow.

Ange enters her room.

Light: Goodnight, Miss Ange.

Seeing that Ange is safely inside her room, Light turns around and is ready to retire himself.

In the silent corridor, the overhead lamp seems dimmer than usual.

Light: ...

His Stasi colleagues are standing guard on the first and second floors.

This building has always been the accommodation of important foreign dignitaries, so the higher floors are almost never staffed.

Right now, apart from Ange and her Dolls, it's completely empty.

It's only normal that it's quiet.

Light grasps the handle on his own door and gently turns the lock.

...However, he can't shake off this odd feeling.

There is something unusual...about this silence today.

Light: Miss An—!

Light turns around in alarm and finds a figure towering over him.

Paradeus Soldier: —!

Thud!

...

Once inside her room, Ange isn't at all surprised to find AK-12 sitting next to the window.

AK-12: How unlike you to have a heart-to-heart with the young man.

AK-12: I'm almost touched.

Ange: Shouldn't you be standing guard outside with the others?

AK-12: I'm wounded and deserve some rest.

AK-12: Besides, I have a feeling you'd want to talk.

Ange: ...

Ange walks around AK-12 and draws the curtains before sitting down on the chair next to the bed.

AK-12: You're too tense.

Ange: Are you my psychotherapist now? I thought only RPK was into this sort of thing.

AK-12: I've studied up on analyzing human body language.

AK-12: You've always avoided windows, but you didn't tend to deliberately sit facing the door when we're around.

Ange: ...I can't tell if I'm in Berlin or Paradeus' den anymore.

Ange: Perhaps there's no distinction between the two.

AK-12: You need help, Ange.

AK-12: You can't topple Paradeus single-handedly.

AK-12: I'm not trying to put in a good word for the whelp, but he was referred to us by J and K.

AK-12: And if it hadn't been for him today, we would've met our end then and there.

Ange: I know... Light can be trusted, that much I can tell.

Ange: But as I've said before, his trustworthiness is moot because as long as there's a single spy working under him, I can't possibly let him in on our entire plan.

Ange: Unless he ditches everyone else.

AK-12: Worst case, you still have us. We may be called "DEFY", but we will never betray you.

AK-12: Oh, there's the Griffin Commander as well.

Ange: ...I'll give the matter of Light some more thought.

AK-12: That's more like it. That's the Ange I know.

Ange: Compared to Bremen, we have a much clearer objective this time.

Ange: I'm confident that we'll be able to find out William's plan by going after Gray.

Ange: This woman is the key.

AK-12: We mustn't let her succeed, no matter what she's after.

Ange: ...Indeed, we mustn't.

Ange: We cannot let him put his terrorist attack into action.

AK-12: Speaking of which, I was just going to ask if you...

...

AK-12 stops abruptly mid-sentence.

Ange: ...12?

AK-12: Enemy attack.

Crack!

AK-12: Ange, get down!

Bang bang bang!!

The window covered by the curtains is suddenly smashed by the massive intruder. Ange reflexively rolls across the bed to the other side and draws her pistol behind cover.

Bang!

But AK-12 has already swiftly slit the throat of the intruder.

Clang...

Ange: A projectile!

Boom!

Ange: (Wheezes)

Ange: Goddammit... Tear gas...

While Ange is scrambling to find a towel, her door is kicked open.

AK-12 trains her rifle on the door and is just about to pull the trigger...

Light: Miss Ange!

Light: (Coughs)

But it turns out to be Light, who is also on high alert.

His face splattered with blood, he is holding a small knife in one hand and a pistol in the other.

Light: Miss Ange, we have to move!

Light: We're under attack!

Ange: Oh, I'm not blind.

Ange spots the corpse of a Paradeus soldier lying just outside her door.

And the one that AK-12 has just disposed of... She's seen these units before.

Paradeus Strelets.

Dammit... She should've seen this coming.

That woman won't let her off the hook just like that.

Meanwhile, gunshots ring out around the corner down the corridor. Light retreats into Ange's room.

Ange: Where's RPK and the others?!

AK-12: I'm trying to reach them...

AK-12: Damn! Signal is being jammed!

Light: Same here. I can't call for support at all, and the alarm has been disabled.

Ange: Looks like I pissed her off big time.

Ange tuts and reloads her pistol.

Light: They aren't exactly being subtle about it, so even if comms are down, people will soon notice the commotion.

Light: We'll just have to hold out until reinforcements arrive!

AK-12: ...I'm afraid that's not true.

Light: What?

Crackle...

Ange: Incendiary bombs.

Ange: They're planning to burn me to death.

Heat comes crashing in from down the corridor. AK-12 tears off the curtains and watches out for possible attacks from outside the window.

She also hears the sound of crossfires coming from the lower floors.

Ange: Crap... The other agents are pinned down too...

AK-12: This bit of heat is nothing to me.

AK-12: But if you're dead, there's no point for me to live, is there?

Ange: At this rate...

Ange: In a matter of minutes, I'll either die of severe burns or hypoxia.

Light: I don't think you'll run out of oxygen, the window is open, after all... Hold on.

Light: Can't you escape through the window?

Ange: Just in case your brain got smoked, might I remind you that we're on the eighth floor?

Light: But if Miss AK-12 carries you, she can make it down a floor or two with the help of some tools, right?

Ange: What about you?

Light: They're here for you. If you get out, they'll go after you.

Light: I can make my own way out.

AK-12: Good idea. Unfortunately, I'm currently in no shape to execute such acrobatics.

AK-12: I think our enemies know that.

AK-12 grabs a glass off the table and tosses it out through the window.

Bang!

In the darkness of the night sky, the delicate glass explodes into smithereens.

AK-12: Ange will be dead the moment she pokes her head out.

Ange: Then we'll have to run the gauntlet down the corridor.

Ange: We must try to break through their blockade before the fire spreads up here.

Light: Understood. Miss AK-12 and I will spearhead our escape!

Ange: Are you mad? It'll take them less than two seconds to vaporize you!

Light: Which means I'll have a second!

Light: Your safety is our priority here, Miss Ange!

Ange: Don't be ridiculous!

AK-12: Wait, stop bickering!

AK-12: Something's down there!

Ange: What—?!

While Ange and Light are still arguing, they sense a massive impact underneath their feet.

The cracking concrete starts falling under gravity's pull, then the two humans follow suit before they can react.

Ange: (Coughs)

AK-12: What the hell?! Couldn't you think of a better idea?!

In the split second before landing, AK-12 grabs Ange and cushions her fall with her own body.

Her already damaged body produces an ominous crack.

Still in a daze, Ange hears AK-12's exasperated gripe, followed by another familiar voice.

RPK-16: To tell the truth, dear 12, no, I honestly couldn't.

RPK-16: They've cut off all access to the eighth floor. Besides, the fire is spreading quickly and I can't risk having Ange use the fire escape.

Ange: ...RPK? Where are 15 and 94?

RPK-16: There are Nytos and Paradeus death squads in the lower levels as well.

RPK-16: They're good at sneak attacks, which makes them rather tricky even for 15 and 94 together.

RPK-16: I reckoned those could be a diversion so I came up on my own, and sure enough.

Light: Ugh...

Light grips his foot and lets out a groan.

Ange: Light?! Are you alright?

Light: Uh... I'm not sure.

Rat-tat-tat...

RPK-16: I'd love to apologize, but this isn't really the time.

RPK-16: It's the quickest way I can think of to get you out.

RPK-16: The only drawback is how much attention it draws.

AK-12: The ONLY drawback? You're too lenient about your own tactic.

Light: Ugh...!

Light bites back the pain and gets to his feet. He stumbles immediately and collapses on the rubble again.

Ange: You don't look okay at all.

Light: I'm fi... No, you're right. I'm not fine.

Light: I must've twisted my ankle.

RPK-16: Uh-oh.

Ange: ...Can you walk?

Light: I can, but...I can't go with you.

Light: I'll just slow you down.

Light: Let's split up.

Ange: What are you talking about? I might as well be sending you to your death!

Light: Don't worry, it'll take more than that to kill me. After all, I'm the Stasi's "rising star".

Light: Besides, their target is you, so they'll most likely just ignore me.

Light flashes Ange a dazzling grin, though Ange has little patience for his charm under these circumstances.

Ange: You can dream of being a hero when you're actually asleep.

Ange: I'm not leaving you behind.

Light: I'd like to say the same to you, Miss Ange. This isn't the time for nonsensical sleep-talking.

Light: We don't have much time.

As if to lend weight to Light's statement, Paradeus fires more shots.

Black Nyto: Target located. Execute extermination.

AK-12: Here they come.

Ange: Dammit... Not giving us even a breather.

Ange: They're hell-bent on killing me.

Light: They have squads guarding the other end of the passage. They'll just pin us down if we force our way through.

AK-12: ...If we're to get Ange out of here...

AK-12: Someone will have to draw their fire.

RPK-16: Oh my, then I suppose it's time for our great squad leader to shine.

AK-12: That's right.

RPK-16: ...Wait, you're being serious?

AK-12: It is the only way.

RPK-16: In your current state?

RPK-16: You do know how that'll end for you, right?

AK-12: I'm not an idiot like you.

AK-12: Of course I know.

RPK-16: It isn't a bad idea, at least you won't be here to boss me around while we're in Berlin.

RPK-16: Though Ange will probably get lonely, don't you think?

Ange: You want to cover our retreat?

Ange: No way. I have no spare bodies for you right now!

AK-12: I'm smarter than the two of you combined.

AK-12: If I say there's no other way, there is no other way.

AK-12: Ange, I've told you many times—you must prioritize your own life.

AK-12: Don't get yourself killed because of a Doll.

AK-12: There are battlefields more worthy of your sacrifice.

Ange: ...

AK-12: RPK.

RPK-16: Hm? ...What are you sending me? Command authorizations?

RPK-16: I'm the new squad leader?

AK-12: For now.

AK-12: If anything happens to Ange, I don't give a damn about what Shaw has got to say.

AK-12: I will make you wish you could access your own base code.

RPK-16: ...I am terribly flattered.

Light: Miss AK-12 and I will draw the enemies in different directions.

Light: Once you make it out, the pressure on us will lessen immediately.

Light: If you want us to survive, flee as fast as you can.

Ange: But...

Light: Don't worry, I'll be fine.

Light: With Miss AK-12 drawing most of their fire, I'll do my best to stay alive.

RPK-16: Save your breath, Ange.

RPK-16: Look, they're volunteering as tributes.

RPK-16: Besides, even I can't think of a better way.

Ange: ...

RPK-16: ...I will get you safely to 15 and 94.

Ange: Fine. Let's go.

Ange sets her jaw and takes one last look at AK-12, who's bracing herself against the corner, and Light, who's sitting on a pile of rubble covered in dust but still smiling at her, before finally turning away and taking off with RPK-16.

Light: Miss AK-12, take my ammo.

Light tosses all his remaining magazines and micro-explosives to AK-12.

AK-12: What about you?

AK-12: They say people speak kindly as their death draws near. You're not planning to die here with me, are you?

Light: Of course not. I've simply come to the conclusion that I have a better chance of survival if you have these.

Light: I'm just going to sit right here. As long as Frau Ange makes it out or reinforcements arrive, they won't waste any effort on me.

AK-12: I see. You've got a decent head on your shoulders.

AK-12: Still, I might just sign off for a while.

Light: ...May we meet again in a brave new world, Miss AK-12.

AK-12: Cut the crap.

AK-12 jams a fully-loaded magazine into the mag well of her rifle and racks the action deftly.

AK-12: Time to show those Paradeus brats...

AK-12: What a true Tactical Doll is made of.
Part 15: The Prisoner's Dilemma II (tip)

15

【TIP】 You might find items near the interrogation room. When necessary, you can use them to deal with troublesome enemies.

Make sure you have an ample supply of items and use them wisely.
Part 16: The Prisoner's Dilemma III

16

Boom!

Ange's body is propelled forward by the powerful shockwave caused by the explosion.

RPK-16 pushes herself well beyond her normal physical parameters and dives over Ange to shield her from the blast.

After the failed assassination attempt, Paradeus has resorted to even more aggressive measures as they grow desperate.

RPK-16: I'm not built to be a shock trooper, for goodness' sake...

But the nightmare persists. The shockwave is followed by fire, rubble, and Paradeus coming in hot.

RPK-16 rips off her bipod and, using her machine gun as a makeshift assault rifle, she unleashes a barrage on the enemies coming from behind.

Without the time or space to get into proper shooting position, suppressive fire is all she can manage even as a Tactical Doll.

But her firepower alone can hardly hold off an entire squad.

RPK-16: Ange, wake up.

Ange: Uh... Ugh...

RPK-16: It's a shame, but it looks like I'm about to follow in dear 12's footsteps.

Ange: Don't...give me that.

Ange draws her pistol from the holster on her thigh and promptly fires several times behind her.

Unlike RPK-16, her shots are a lot more accurate, but her contribution in firepower is still hopelessly inadequate.

Clang!

A round lands on RPK-16's body, producing a sound that makes Ange's heart lurch.

RPK-16 has blocked a strafe of bullets fired at Ange with her own body.

RPK-16: Ange.

Ange: What?

RPK-16: It's been a pleasure to have met you.

Ange: ...Shut your face.

Ange: It's not time to read your epitaph yet.

As RPK-16's drum magazine runs dry, they lose the only way of fending off the Paradeus forces.

Ange pulls her trigger but it, too, clicks sharply and ejects no more cartridges.

Dammit... Almost there...!

Ange watches the slowly approaching white soldiers and reaches for her combat knife.

Boom!

Bang bang bang!

Another explosion erupts, followed by a shower of heavy gunfire.

A round hits the leading Paradeus soldier squarely in the forehead, toppling him instantly.

AN-94: Ange!

AK-15: Enemies targeted.

The two DEFY members let no bullet go to waste. The moment they join the fray, the tables have turned.

Ange: (Coughs)

AN-94: Ange!

Still holding up her rifle vigilantly, AN-94 makes her way quickly to Ange, who's slumped on the floor.

Meanwhile, RPK-16 has used the distraction created by her teammates' arrival to adjust her position and replace her expended magazine.

AN-94: Stasi reinforcements and the local police will be here soon.

RPK-16: Paradeus is retreating.

Ange: So should we. There's no point in pursuing them.

AK-15: Understood.

AK-15 slings her rifle onto her shoulder and carries Ange on her back.

Behind her, AN-94 and RPK-16 start laying down more suppressive fire.

AN-94: Where's 12?

Ange: ...

AN-94's anxious question is met with Ange's grim silence.

AN-94: ...

AN-94 bites her trembling lip and issues a signal with her free hand.

AN-94: Target secured! Retreat!

...

Boom!

Another deafening explosion comes from the upper floors until everything finally falls silent.

There is no more gunfire. Only the blazing flames crackle on.

AK-15, with Ange on her back, is the first to burst out of the sea of fire, followed closely by two other members of the pack.

J: Hey!

Standing outside the entrance is none other than J, who looks somber for once, and the Stasi agents who have been carried out from the fire with great difficulty. They have sustained heavy casualties.

J: What happened? Are you okay?

J rushes forward and helps AK-15 put Ange down, then he bellows at the people behind him.

J: Paramedics!

Ange: ...I'm fine.

Ange gasps for air. Her lungs are burning.

She can just make out the sirens of fire engines.

J: Who are you trying to kid? You look even more terrible than K after a mixer.

J: ...Where are the others?

AK-15: ...

AN-94: I'm sorry. We did our best.

AN-94: But we didn't see Mr. Light.

J: ...!

J: ...Come again? How could that brat possibly—

J: Hey, you've got to be kidding, right? How am I supposed to tell Shadow?!

This is the first time AN-94 has seen J so terrified.

Boom!

At that moment, another explosion erupts where the fire is blazing the most heavily in the apartment block.

Lying on the ground, Ange looks up at the night sky, which is lit up by the flames.

Ange: 12...

AN-94: Ange? Ange?

RPK-16: This doesn't bode well... 15, where's the first-aid kit?

AK-15: Right here.

...

...Here it goes again.

Fire, bullets...casualties.

Why has nothing changed at all?

Why is she just as helpless as she once was?

What kind of sick joke is this...?!

AN-94: Ange!

Ange: 94...

Ange: 12...12 stayed behind to cover our retreat.

Ange: So did Light...

AK-15: There are no bio signs in the building.

AK-15: I'm not detecting AK-12's signal either.

AN-94: Enough, 15!

Ange: ...

J: ...Comms are back.

RPK-16: Ange, you have an incoming call.

RPK-16: It's...the "Earl".

Griffin: You don't seem to be faring well, Angelia.

Ange: Your safe house is anything but safe.

Ange: Explain...yourself...you...son of a bitch...!

Griffin: You have no one but yourself to blame, Angelia.

Griffin: You were too rash.

Griffin: I told you to conduct an investigation, not engage them in open conflict.

Ange: Don't teach me how to do my job, bastard...who's just sitting on his ass.

Griffin: I am simply trying to set you back on track.

Griffin: ...As you can see, Paradeus is rearing its ugly head.

Griffin: This kind of attack is child's play for them.

Griffin: If their plan succeeds...

Griffin: The casualties will be tenfold... It will be on a completely different scale compared to Beslan.

Ange: Don't you...dare...bring up...Beslan!

Griffin: ...I wish you good luck.

Ange: You...mother...fucker.

AN-94: Ange! Ange!

...
Part 17: Flash (side)

    17chevron_right

...

Outside the apartment block.

The tardy fire brigade and police finally arrive. They seal off the building and start putting out the fire.

The Stasi has quietly slipped away from the scene and retreated into the shadows.

As actors in the previous act exits the stage, new ones enter.

Crowd Member A: Hey... Look! That woman!

Crowd Member B: Huh... Shadow? That's Shadowless!

Shadowless marches forcefully through the cordon, holding up her press card.

Shadowless: I am Shadowless from the DFF!

Shadowless: Who's in charge of the investigation here? I would like to cover this fire and report it on the news!

Beep.

Just then, her earpiece starts beeping.

Shadowless: Hello? Yes, speaking. Yeah, I'm already at the scene... Now? Everything is still in complete shambles.

Shadowless: I need backup. That's right, get me a cameraman.

Shadowless: 15 minutes? Are you kidding me?

Shadowless: Make it five!

She turns off her earpiece and looks towards the chaos.

Interviewing the firefighters is out of the question. The fire is still raging on; she can't get in their way right now.

The police? That's certainly an option...but the police hasn't been playing nice with her lately.

That leaves...

Shadowless: Hm?

Her acute sixth sense comes in useful once again at this crucial moment.

Shadowless: ...Jesus Christ.

She rushes towards one of the police officers in the middle of the crowd.

Shadowless: Kevin!

J: What are you doing here?!

J: No, how did you spot me?!

J, who is dressed in a police uniform, is dragged into an inconspicuous corner by Shadowless to talk out of the public eye.

Shadowless: Shut up! Now tell me, why are you here?!

Shadowless: What has the Stasi got to do with this?

J: Give me a break, Missy.

J: Do you want me to lose my job?

Shadowless: Please, I won't take up too much of your time!

Shadowless grabs J by his collar and turns off her pen recorder.

With the situation being so chaotic out there, hardly anyone would pay attention to the two people locked in a confrontation in this quiet corner.

Shadowless: I don't want to make things difficult for you... Just tell me—is Light okay?

Shadowless: He didn't come home last night. I could tell something's off about him.

J: ...

J opens his mouth but doesn't know what to say.

Shadowless: ...We had a fight.

J: Uh... Are you blaming that on me?

Shadowless stomps on J's foot viciously.

Shadowless: It was the same old argument...but I thought long and hard about it this time.

Shadowless: I want you to pass a message to him.

J: Can you not drag me into your sibling squabbles...

J's face contorts with pain, for which he is secretly grateful.

Thanks to this, he won't have to worry about how to keep a straight face. Shadow's intuition is incredibly keen. She'll notice immediately if he slips up.

...What is he supposed to say to her?

Shadowless: Shut it! Stop interrupting me!

Shadowless: It's your fault that he joined the Stasi to begin with!

Shadowless peers around carefully.

Shadowless: ...I've thought a lot on what he said, and perhaps he's right.

Shadowless: I understand and respect his decision... We're family.

Shadowless: I will always support him.

J: ...

Shadowless: That's it.

She lets go of J, then her gaze shifts away in feigned nonchalance as she fidgets with her hair.

J can't tell if she's making sure they aren't overheard or trying to cover up her sheepishness.

J: ...I'll let him know.

Shadowless: Thanks... Come and have dinner at our place one of these days.

Shadowless: It's been a while.

Satisfied with J's promise, Shadowless smiles and nods apologetically before darting out from the corner.

True to her words, she has not taken up much of J's time.

J: Light...you little punk...

He watches as Shadowless throws herself back into her work as she starts interviewing eyewitnesses of the fire. He looks up at the apartment block, where the fire is now under control.

...He must get inside.

J: Excuse me! Make way!

J: Police!
Displaying his forged police ID, J makes his way through the crowd.

Temporary command post, Berlin.

ST AR-15 brings a chair for the Commander to sit by the window. The afternoon sunlight streams in, warming the Commander's back.

ST AR-15: Commander, I believe we should wake up this damn Nyto and start interrogating her.

ST AR-15: Mr. Griffin already mentioned that she looks exactly like the mole planted next to Ange. For all we know, you might end up falling victim to her this time...

Commander: I know, but she is in no physical or mental shape for that right now. Waking her up by force will not help us in our questioning either.

RO635: Don't be hasty, 15.

RO635: We've already verified that Machlian has very low combat capability—SOP-II alone can handle her, let alone when we have so many Dolls protecting the Commander.

ST AR-15: But—

Commander: I'll ask Ange about Morridow at our meeting.

Commander: Go get ready. We're moving out in 15 minutes.

M4 SOPMOD II: Eh? Weren't you supposed to meet at 3?

Commander: It's basic etiquette to show up early for a meeting with a lady.

RO635: Commander, there's an incoming transmission.

Commander: Is it Ange?

UMP45: Hi, Commander. It's been a while.

UMP45: I hope I didn't interrupt your refined appreciation of sleeping beauties.

Commander: ...

Before the Commander even replies, RO has already closed the curtains without them needing to say a word.

UMP45: Oh my, looks like I've just scored some intel which I can use to soak some money out of you.

UMP45: I wonder, how much would you pay to seal my lips, Commander?

Commander: ...Cut the crap. What are you guys doing here?

UMP45: We're here because Miss Helian most generously paid our urgent booking fees in order to help the poor, isolated Commander, of course.

UMP9: But it looks like the Commander is living the good life right now!

Commander: ...Helian did?

UMP45: Oh yes, Miss Helian paid the entire sum in advance. ♪

Commander: ...

UMP9: Right, 45, didn't Miss Kalina ask us to pass a message on to the Commander?

Commander: Kalina? You've spoken to Kalina?

Commander: How is she now? Has her condition improved? Has she been discharged yet?

UMP45: She's alright. At least, she sounded quite energetic when she passed on her message to you.

Commander: What did she want to tell me?

UMP45: 9, you do it.

UMP9: Kay~ Ahem.

416: Wait a minute, I can't find my earplugs...

UMP9: So, Miss Kalina's message is as follows...

UMP9: COMMANDER!

UMP9: YOU GREAT BIG DUMMY!!!

UMP9: I WAS IN HOSPITAL FOR SO LONG!!!

UMP9: BUT YOU DIDN'T COME TO VISIT EVEN ONCE!!!

UMP9: WHEN I GET OUT OF HOSPITAL I'M GOING TO SPEND ALL YOUR MONEY!!!

UMP45: And that was it.

416: Scheißdreck, do they have a place that recalibrates auditory modules in Berlin?

Gr G11: (Groans) What happened?

Commander: ...

Commander: Alright, I understand.

UMP45: Well, since the fee's been credited into our account, that means our contract is in effect.

UMP45: Commander, contact us on this frequency if you need help with anything.

UMP45: We'll be standing by during your time in Berlin.

Commander: How many credits did Helian pay you, anyway...

UMP45: Trade secret. ♪

Commander: ...

Commander: We'll be meeting Ange in 15 minutes at the Athena's Owl.

Commander: Could you scout our route and make sure there are no Paradeus ambushers hiding along the way?

UMP45: Sure. We'll be there right away.

The transmission ends.

RO635: Commander, this mission ought to be much easier with 404's help.

M4 SOPMOD II: And it sounds like Miss Kalina's getting better!

Commander: Yeah, it's a good start to things.

The AR Team prepares to leave with the Commander. Perosa is waiting at the door.

Perosa: Do you need us for anything, Commander?

Commander: I'll be leaving Machlian in your care.

Commander: Dandelion will be staying behind too. Go get her if Machlian starts acting up.

Perosa: Understood.

After sorting out Machlian, the Commander changes into plain clothes before leading the AR Team out of the temporary command post.

...In Berlin's Old Town.

On the way to the designated bar.

M4 SOPMOD II: Looks like we'll have to walk through all of Old Town before we can get to this Athena's Owl place...

ST AR-15: That's definitely a place Ange would choose.

RO635: Commander...

Commander: Hm?

RO, who has been observing her surroundings all this time, walks up to the Commander while trying to keep her face neutral.

Commander: What is it?

RO635: ...It's nothing urgent, but I was thinking... Don't we stand out a little too much?

Commander: ...

The Commander is leading three Tactical Dolls who have put their weapons away on a crowded street in the Old Town district. No matter how you look at it, this grouping...

Commander: Relax. The Earl has arranged legal identities for us, and we're in the city, so even Paradeus can't move rashly here.

UMP45: It's true that there are no Paradeus forces lying in ambush, but there are a lot of people out there who are even sketchier than Paradeus, and they have their eyes on you.

UMP45: ...You've practically handed the Berlin Old Town Doll black market a feast on legs.

SOP-II's keen ears quickly sift out the important information from the clamor of the crowd.

???: Do you see that? They're all high-end Tactical Dolls, and they're also loaded with advanced equipment...

???: Just selling that gear would feed us till the end of the year!

???: If we can grab those Dolls, doesn't matter if we strip their parts for sale or just format them and sell off their bodies...

???: We'll be sitting pretty for the next few years, hehehe!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, they're black market Doll traffickers!

RO635: There aren't a lot of them, but we can't make too much of a scene right now.

Commander: 45, help us think of a way to shake off these people.

UMP45: I've already plotted a route. Sending it over now.

Commander: Right. RO, follow the route at top speed.

The Commander and company proceed as guided by Squad 404.

After following the route they've been given, the party temporarily shakes off the thugs following them and blends into the hustle and bustle of the Old Town district.

M4 SOPMOD II: Man, it's so busy here. Looks like they're holding a festival or something.

M4 SOPMOD II: And how come they're selling anti-ELID stuff everywhere? Does it really work?

ST AR-15: All things aside, one look at the price and you can tell they can't possibly be of use.

RO635: It's just a bunch of profit-driven merchants exploiting the people's despair by slapping "anti-ELID" on the items they sell.

M4 SOPMOD II: But won't those merchants get beaten up if people find out?

RO635: ...Survivor bias is a thing.

RO635: After all, the only way to tell if these anti-ELID goods work is if you go into a contaminated zone yourself.

RO635: And only those who come back alive will have the chance to give feedback on them.

Commander: Have we lost them, 45?

UMP45: Com... behind...

RO635: 45? Do you copy?

UMP45: R... cut off....

The transmission to 404 suddenly cuts off.

ST AR-15: Why do they keep cocking up when it matters?

Commander: Stay alert and continue towards the bar.

I don't know what's the special occasion, but the crowded streets are filled with salespeople peddling anti-ELID wares.

Girl's Voice: Galatea employees all use this super-effective anti-ELID medicine! We also have blessed anti-ELID talismans!

Girl's Voice: Big bargains! Discounts if you buy in bulk!

Male Voice: Do have a look, ladies! These are the latest anti-ELID basketball shoes!

Male Voice: Not only are they radiation-proof, they have collectors' value too!

RO looks back and spots the thugs from earlier still following them.

RO635: Commander, they've caught up to us.

Commander: We'll blend into the crowd and speed up. We need to think of a way to ditch them.

RO635: Roger.

The Commander and company begin jogging through the crowd.

This inadvertently causes the crowd behind them to speed up as well.

Crowd: Is the festival about to start?

Crowd: Why are those people in such a hurry?

Crowd: If we don't catch up, we'll miss out on the free gifts!

Crowd: We should get moving too!

The crowd, along with their unwanted pursuers, stampedes toward the Commander's party.

???: There! They're over there!

???: We can't make our move now. There's too many people around. Let's get close to them first.

???: Get them, bros! Those are high-end Dolls we're talking about! Just one of them could feed us for three years!

???: Gogogogogo!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander! They're speeding up too!

ST AR-15: Should we make our move?

Commander: There are too many people here. Civilians could easily get injured.

The communicator suddenly rings.

UMP9: Raise it higher, 416!

416: Is this even working, 45? Can you contact the Commander?!

416: If not, we'll just fight our way out!

RO635: Commander, it's 404!

UMP45: Huh, we got through at last.

Commander: What happened to you just now?

UMP45: Our comms got jammed. We had to relocate several times before we could contact you.

RO635: You were jammed?

UMP45: The jamming method was pretty special too—reminded me of Tallinn.

UMP45: I'll go into more detail later. You see that alley ten meters ahead? Get in there and go all the way to the end.

Commander: Got it!

ST AR-15: Commander, it's a dead end!

UMP45: If you keep the fight in there, the people outside won't notice.

UMP45: Now the AR Team can really let loose. ♪

M4 SOPMOD II: Awesome!

Commander: ...

Commander: Load rubber bullets and avoid their vitals. Prepare for combat.
Part 2: SoT II - Mid-stage Dialogue

2

...

The Commander and company tear through the streets in a frenzy, desperately searching for the bar named "Athena's Owl".

Commander: We're screwed! Only 5 minutes left!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, is this the bar?!

ST AR-15: RO, is it this one?

RO635: Hang on...

Commander: I'm going in to ask them directly!

The Commander rushes in.

RO frantically hits her translator, which is taking its own sweet time to warm up.

RO635: Hurry up, what's this bar called?

ST AR-15: Relax, we still have time.

Before the translator can complete the translation, the Commander has already rushed back out.

Commander: Dammit! Not this one!

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Why is the Commander in such a panic?

ST AR-15: Don't ask, just follow.

RO635: Ah, it's done.

RO635: Wait a minute, this bar is a hangout for the "Basement Crow" mob...

As vicious cursing erupts behind them, the Commander and the others redouble their efforts to flee the scene.
Part 3: SoT II - Mid-stage Dialogue

3

...

The Commander and company tear through the streets in a frenzy, desperately searching for their destination⁠—a bar named "Athena's Owl".

Commander: I'm late I'm late I'm late!

ST AR-15: Commander! Don't panic! Look where you're going!

A man suddenly steps into the Commander's path.

Commander: Ah!

Passer-By: Ow!

The Commander crashes into the man.

RO635: Commander! Are you alright?

Commander: I'm fine.

Commander: Sorry about that...

Passer-By: I feel so dizzy. Put me in a chair, please?

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, he's bleeding from the head!

RO635: Commander, what should we do?

Passer-By: I work in this bar. Could you help me inside?

Then the Commander feels a caress that may or may not be intentional on their hand.

Passer-By: Or maybe I could buy you a drink?

The Commander looks up at the bar's signboard, which reads, "Pink Flavor". They look back down at the flirty passer-by.

Commander: ...

Commander: Sorry, I'm busy.

The Commander flees at the speed of light.
Part 4: SoT II - Mid-stage Dialogue

4

...

The Commander and company tear through the streets in a frenzy, desperately searching for their destination⁠—a bar named "Athena's Owl".

Commander: I'm doomed I'm doomed I'm doomed I'm doomed!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, Commander, Commander! Over here, over here! Over hereeee!

RO635: Commander! This is the place!

ST AR-15: What kind of crappy bar is this?! Why is it so damn hard to find?! My pillow would be better at running a business than the boss of this place!

"Athena's Owl" suddenly looms into view in front of everyone.

Commander: I finally...

Commander: Made it...!

The Commander charges inside without a second thought.
Part 5: Ship of Theseus III

5

...At the entrance of Athena's Owl.

Commander: One minute left!

RO635: Commander, we'll be standing by outside, if there's anything—

Commander: 30 SECONDS!!!

The Commander rushes into the bar.

RO635: Whew... Made it in the nick of time, at least.

RO635: 45, what was with that signal interference?

UMP45: We still haven't identified the precise cause, but it was definitely very fishy.

ST AR-15: Who would have thought that UMP45, the EW expert, would end up being jammed? And she took so long to resolve the issue too.

UMP45: Actually, we didn't.

UMP45: We couldn't find any sign of a jammer, so we had to keep changing positions to gauge the jammer's effective range.

RO635: How could you not find it?

RO635: In theory, jammers work by sending signals to generate interference that breaks our connections.

UMP45: Yes, which is why I said it was fishy.

UMP45: With normal jammers, we'd be able to at least sense their presence even if we couldn't disable them.

UMP45: But this particular jammer felt like it directly cut off our connections. I couldn't feel anything.

RO635: ...

RO635: That IS very dangerous.

UMP45: Yeah, we'll discuss this further once the Commander is done in there.

UMP45: Right now, we need to rest.

RO635: Copy that.

After ending the transmission, RO continues to puzzle over the jamming issue.

SOP-II shakes her by the shoulder and points to the huge display board opposite the bar.

The supermarket across the street turns its exterior display on at 3pm sharp.

The display written in a fancy font reads, "Congratulations on Galatea Corporation's 100th Anniversary".

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, look!

M4 SOPMOD II: So that's why the crowd was going crazy earlier! It was all because of this!

M4 SOPMOD II: This Galatea Corporation sure is swanky! Maybe when we get our own 100th anniversary, we can ask the Commander to buy an ad signboard just like this!

ST AR-15: By then the Commander will be an old—

RO635: Ahem, let's leave it till then.

M4 SOPMOD II: Kay...

RO gazes at the monitor that is currently playing Galatea Corporation publicity videos. A good-looking refugee representative is currently making a speech to convey her gratitude.

Refugee Representative: ...Galatea Corporation has done a lot for us, not only in terms of material support, but also in spiritual comfort.

Refugee Representative: Many people think that they are already bestowing a most gracious gift by giving us refuge, even though they've done little to improve our terrible living condition.

Refugee Representative: Only Galatea sees our pain of losing our homes to radiation contamination and offers a helping hand...

ST AR-15: What's on your mind, RO?

RO635: The name of this corporation also came up in Bohnsdorf.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Both the timing and location where it showed up were surprising coincidental.

Ting-a-ling...

The bell behind the door tinkles softly.

A white-haired girl steps out, carrying a bag of cat food in her arms.

AN-94: ...

ST AR-15: 94?

AN-94: 15...

AN-94: Hello, members of the AR Team.

ST AR-15: Hi. Are Ange and the Commander having a good chat?

AN-94: ...It's pretty good.

AN-94 quietly walks to the side of the road and crouches down. The cat that was sunning itself on the eaves lazily jumps down and rubs up against AN-94's hand.

ST AR-15: Since you're here, that means...

Ting-a-ling... The doorbell tinkles again.

AK-12: If it isn't the AR Team! It's been a while.

RO635: Yes, it really has.

AK-12: You should go in and get a drink. The bartender here is pretty good.

AK-12: Of all the bars Ange and I have visited, his mixing skills rank among the top three.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow...

M4 SOPMOD II: Then why did you come out?

AK-12: It's obviously because there's someone annoying in there.

ST AR-15: You guys came to Berlin first. How is it?

AK-12: Not too good. Recently, Ange's been... Well, I guess you can tell.

ST AR-15: Is it because of that "Morridow" woman?

AK-12: Of course... She's the cause of all this. If it weren't for her, we wouldn't even be here.

RO635: What is she like?

AK-12: She's a devious high-spec Nyto who is an expert in pretense. She can change personalities the way people change clothes.

ST AR-15: ...

RO635: Is she good at disguising herself?

AK-12: Without question. Morridow is a talented con artist. Ange's as sharp as a knife and even she was deceived.

ST AR-15: ...We might have captured Morridow.

RO635: 15, we can't be sure of that yet. The Commander's still looking into it.

AK-12: Oh? Then you'd better be careful. All the grief we've gone through recently is thanks to her.

ST AR-15: No wonder she could draw out that many Paradeus troops.

AK-12: She's also very good at changing her image to take advantage of her victim's weaknesses.

AK-12: I'm a bit concerned—someone like the Commander could certainly resist interrogation, but perhaps not a request for help coming from a weak and vulnerable person.

ST AR-15: ...

RO635: While the Commander is both righteous and kind, I don't think they'd be easily deceived.

AK-12: Don't worry, Ange's definitely going to give the Commander lots of useful suggestions.

Ting-a-ling...

RPK-16: Oh my, so many familiar faces.

AK-15: ...

RO635: Are you RPK-16 and AK-15 of Task Force DEFY?

RPK-16: Yes, we are. And you must be RO635, the current leader of the AR Team, right?

RO635: Hello, nice to meet you.

RPK-16: Nice to meet you.

RPK-16: Oh, don't mind me. Please carry on with your conversation.

RO635: ...

The moment RPK-16 shows up, AK-12 leans against the wall and closes her eyes to rest.

Silence hangs in the air.

In the distance, the Galatea Corporation publicity videos are still chattering on.

Mrs. Gray: ...All this time, Galatea Corporation has focused its efforts on researching anti-ELID medications, and I believe everyone will be happy with the results we have achieved.

Mrs. Gray: You may have heard of the new type of anti-ELID medication called "Idunn".

Mrs. Gray: Our aspirations for this formulation are to make it safer, more effective, cheaper and more widely available.

Mrs. Gray: Idunn has shown promising results in clinical trials so far, and it is currently under review by the government.

Mrs. Gray: We believe that it can be launched in the not-too-distant future, and when that happens we cordially invite everyone to judge the effectiveness of Idunn for themselves.

Mrs. Gray: It is always darkest before dawn, so please do not give up hope. We will surely see the first rays when the sun comes up!

The crowds surrounding the monitor cheer wildly.

Even from quite a distance away, the Dolls gathered at the bar's rear entrance can feel the genuine outpour of joy and hope from the people.

The Dolls watch the jubilant crowd with curiosity.

RPK-16: Humans are such fragile yet resilient creatures.

RPK-16: They are easily crushed by absolute might, but if you give them a little bit of hope...

RPK-16: Even if it's just a little, it can reignite their thirst for life.

At some point, RPK-16 has walked up next to RO635.

RO635: ...You're right.

M4 SOPMOD II: It's better to be a Doll though! If our bodies break, we can simply get a new one!

RPK-16: I disagree.

RPK-16: Have you heard of the Ship of Theseus?

M4 SOPMOD II: What's that?

RPK-16: A long time ago, a human posed a question.

RPK-16: If the planks of the ship of Theseus were constantly being changed out, until none of the planks were the original ones, then would it still be the original ship?

RPK-16: Now apply the same question to Dolls. If our parts are constantly replaced, or if we get a new body entirely, then are we still the same Dolls that we originally were?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm...

RO635: This story...

RPK-16: We need to keep replacing our parts to keep functioning.

RPK-16: But human bodies don't work that way.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hmmm...

RPK-16: Discounting things like accidents, humans can live a long time in their own bodies of flesh.

RPK-16: Their bodies may be fragile, but they are heartbreakingly pure and unadulterated.

RO635: Your thoughts are very profound, Miss RPK-16...

SOP-II has already dozed off while leaning on RO's shoulder.

Out of politeness, RO is compelled to stay where she is.

RPK-16: Miss RO, do you find my musings dry and boring?

RO635: Not at all...

M4 SOPMOD II: Zzzzz...

RO635: You're drooling again, SOP-II...

RPK-16: That's wonderful. There are many things I'd like to ask you, Miss RO.

RPK-16 turns toward RO and peers at her with fascination.

RPK-16: I hear that you're the prototype for the third generation of Dolls.

RPK-16: Miss Persica didn't place any restrictions on your base layer.

RO635: Um...

RO635: That's true, but practically speaking there's no real difference.

RPK-16: A base layer like a blank sheet of paper...

RPK-16: It's as close to a human soul as you can get.

RO635: ...

RPK-16: I suppose you could say that in a certain sense, you have a human heart, Miss RO.

RO635: Well, I wouldn't go that far. At the end of the day, I'm—

RPK-16: Then have you ever wondered what it would feel like to be a human?

RPK-16: After all, the only thing that keeps you from being completely human is not having a body made of flesh, right?

RPK-16: If a Doll had a soul as pure as a human's and a body as pure as a human's, then she would practically be no different than her creator...

RO635: What?

The unexpected question is so unnerving that RO takes a step back.

ST AR-15's eyes snap open from her feigned sleep. AK-15 and AK-12 also eye their teammate incredulously.

RPK-16: Aw, don't be so tense, I was just thinking out loud.

RO635: Er... Sorry... I've never thought about this question before, so I don't know how to answer it.

Ting-a-ling...

The Commander steps out of the back door.

Commander: RO, let's—

Commander: Oh hey, it's Task Force DEFY. I'm not interrupting anything, am I?

RPK-16: Hello, Commander.

Commander: Hello. Ange's waiting for you in there.

Commander: RO, we should head back.

RO635: OK. 15, SOP-II, let's go.

M4 SOPMOD II: zzzzZZZZZ...

ST AR-15: SOP-II, wake up! Time to go!

...On a rooftop occupied by Squad 404 in the Old Town district.

416: What the hell were they droning on about? It almost put me to sleep.

UMP9: 45, what's on your mind?

UMP45: ...

UMP45's gaze once again falls on RPK-16, who is currently smiling and talking to Ange.

UMP45: I have a feeling something's about to happen.
Part 6: Ariadne's Clew I

6

...Temporary command post, Berlin.

Utterly exhausted, the Commander flops down on the sofa right after entering the room.

UMP45: Since you've safely returned to the command post, we'll go get some rest ourselves.

Commander: Sure, your work for the day is over too.

UMP9: Hurry, 45! If we don't leave soon, the queues are going to be super long!

UMP45: Coming. See you tomorrow, Commander.

The transmission ends, and the Commander lifts a hand up to their forehead.

RO635: How was Miss Ange?

Commander: Well enough. At the very least, she looked like she could still easily snap my neck.

ST AR-15: Speaking of which, about Machlian—

Perosa stands in the doorway with a cup of strong tea in hand.

Commander: What happened?

Perosa: She's awake, Commander.

Perosa: Also, I think you'll need this.

The Commander accepts the tea, which is at just the right temperature. Its thick aroma fills the nose and lifts the spirits.

Commander: Get Dandelion. We'll begin the interrogation.

Perosa: She's compiling our information on Bohnsdorf.

Commander: Then we'll start without her.

Inside the room, Machlian has already woken up and is sitting on a chair while glaring coldly at the Commander.

The Commander drags a chair over and sits opposite her.

Machlian: ...

Commander: Your name is Machlian, is that correct?

Machlian: Yes.

Machlian: What about you? Are you really called Robin?

Commander: No comment, but you can keep calling me Robin if you like.

Machlian: ...I knew it.

Machlian: Still, you did save me.

The Commander looks up from the information on the tablet and carefully studies Machlian's appearance.

She's still a little groggy and confused, having just woken up from being knocked out.

She looks practically identical to the picture of Morridow, but her temperament couldn't be any more different.

Is Morridow just that good at disguising herself, or is she really somebody else?

Commander: When did you first join Paradeus?

Machlian: I was never part of Paradeus. I'm just an ordinary person.

Commander: ...

Commander: From what I know, there is a girl from Paradeus who looks just like you.

Commander: You might have heard her name before—Morridow.

Commander: What is your relationship with her?

Machlian: ...

Commander: Or are you her, perhaps?

Machlian: I have only one name—Machlian. That's the only thing people call me.

Commander: So you refuse to disclose the nature of your relationship with her?

Machlian: I don't care about her affairs and I don't want to hear about her. I want nothing to do with her for the rest of my life.

Machlian's eyes fill with fear and pain at the mention of Morridow's name.

Commander: Then let's talk about you. When we found you, you were in Bohnsdorf.

Commander: Bohnsdorf was a refugee shelter that was built a few years ago. What were you doing there?

Machlian: ...Treating ELID patients.

Commander: Why?

Machlian: There's no why to it. Since I have the ability to do so, I ought to use it to treat refugees in need.

Commander: To my knowledge, there is no existing medical cure for ELID.

Commander: The most common therapy nowadays involves strengthening the patient's antibodies to gradually defeat the illness.

Commander: But I saw you pray over a refugee and perform a certain ritual, and then the refugee got better, just like that.

Commander: What did you do? Was it some kind of medicine?

Machlian: Yes...

Commander: Where did your medicine come from?

Machlian: ...

Commander: Who supplied you with the medicine?

Machlian: ...

Machlian looks like she wants to say something, but her lips quiver for a long time without uttering a word.

Commander: Are you afraid of something?

Machlian: ...

Machlian: I...

Machlian goes quiet, avoiding the question.

Machlian: If all you want from me is treatment...

Machlian: Then you can just bring the patients to me, and I will save them.

Machlian: But if you kidnapped me because you're after the exact treatment method, then you have wasted your time.

Machlian: Because I'm the only one who can administer it.

Commander: ...

Machlian: We haven't known each other for a long time, but I can sense that you're different from those who profit off anti-ELID products. Profit is not your goal.

Machlian: I am not saying this to trick you or win your trust. I simply wish for us to meet each other halfway.

Machlian: If you release me, I am willing to help you.

There is a creak as Dandelion pushes the door open.

Dandelion: Commander, I've finished compiling the information on Bohnsdorf.

Machlian: ...

The moment she sees Dandelion, Machlian's calm features begin to distort...

Machlian: Paradeus... You...

Machlian: You're from Paradeus...

Commander: What?

Machlian's eyes fill with tears as she glares at the Commander with a look of anger and despair. Disbelief and betrayal are written all over her face.

Machlian: Here you are again!

Machlian: What are you going to do to me this time?!

Machlian: You're going to strap me onto a slab and torture me forever, aren't you?!

Commander: We aren't going to do that! Machlian, please, calm down...

Machlian laughs derisively as she stares blankly.

Machlian: I won't let you have your way.

Machlian: Neither him, nor YOU.

Commander: ...

Machlian: Nobody will—

Dandelion: Commander, her virtual cognition image is disintegrating!

Machlian: She's coming! She's coming!

Machlian: I can hear her footsteps!

Commander: Dandelion, subdue her!

Dandelion: On it.

A second later, Machlian knocks over the table as she slumps limply to the ground.

M4 SOPMOD II: What does it mean when a virtual cognition image disintegrates?

Dandelion: Simply put, it's like a Doll's neural cloud meltdown.

RO635: A virtual cognition image? Is that the Paradeus' equivalent of a neural cloud? Why have I never heard that term before?

Dandelion: Because I just made it up on the spot.

Dandelion: I have already verified the presence of a virtual cognition image in Machlian, which is to say she is 100% a Nyto.

Dandelion: I should also point out that now is when her defenses are the most lax, so I recommend hacking her directly.

RO635: ...

Commander: Why didn't you tell me earlier? Will it cause her harm?

Dandelion: You never asked.

Dandelion: And her current lack of resistance will actually minimize the damage we inflict.

Commander: Then get started right away. I want answers!

Dandelion: Understood.
Part 7: One-Sided Recollection

7

【WARNING】 This is a 【Combat Tutorial】, do not skip!

Dandelion's Voice: Commander, we have entered Machlian's virtual cognitive image.

Dandelion's Voice: Our actions here may alter the environment in unpredictable ways.

Dandelion's Voice: I will release the neural data of certain Griffin T-Dolls stored within me. Their experience in battle will be of great assistance to us.

Dandelion's Voice: I can strengthen our forces by harnessing the Dolls' experience. Of course, it is your choice whose data to use, but we will face more powerful enemies with each enhancement.

Dandelion's Voice: The two skills in the bottom right corner are 【Enhance】 and 【Throw】.

Dandelion's Voice: 【Enhance】 gives you a 10-point shield for 3 seconds.

Dandelion's Voice: 【Throw】 deals 1.5x AoE damage to the farthest enemy.

Dandelion's Voice: Use them well to defeat the enemy and we can delve deeper into the virtual consciousness.

Dandelion's Voice: Pause mid-battle to view your selected Doll experience. You may also tap "Battle Settlement" to exit the current battle.

Dandelion's Voice: Our exploration will still count as a success even if you exit this way.

Dandelion's Voice: Also, you won't be able to select new battle experience after 8 battles, but there is no end to the danger in this virtual cognitive image.

Dandelion's Voice: You might enjoy testing the limit of the virtual consciousness?

Dandelion's Voice: If you're up for the challenge, have a go at it in Endless Mode.

Dandelion's Voice: Don't give up and try to push us as far as we can go.
Part 8: Ariadne's Clew III

8

Through Dandelion, the Commander finds an extraordinary amount of memory fragments in Machlian's virtual cognition image...

Dandelion: How interesting...

ST AR-15: You've been muttering to yourself for a while now. What have you found?

Dandelion: Machlian is truly a collection of contradictions. The structure of her virtual cognition image looks like very early Paradeus technology, but her memory fragments are presented in a way that is nothing like I've ever seen in a Nyto before.

RO635: So she's both new and old...?

Dandelion: The memory fragments from the abandoned Isomers in Tallinn were just a collection of low-res visual clips, but Machlian's memories look like they've been digitized.

Commander: Is it hard to process her virtual consciousness?

Dandelion: Hacking her virtual consciousness isn't difficult in itself, but I don't know where to start when it comes to a collection of memory fragments of this size.

ST AR-15: Well, whatever its structure, you can always sort them by chronological order, right?

Dandelion: If it were that simple, I would have done it already, but that's impossible here.

Dandelion: Machlian's memory fragments lack timestamps, so I can't put them in chronological order.

RO635: How could that be?!

Dandelion: That's how it is.

M4 SOPMOD II: What's that supposed to mean?

RO635: Memory fragments are all timestamped from creation and they are typically never removed.

RO635: Unless...

Dandelion: Unless someone really had all the free time to go frame by frame and trim off the timestamps for every single one.

ST AR-15: Deleting the timestamps for this amount of memory fragments on a frame-by-frame basis seems almost impossible.

RO635: Then that leaves only one possibility—her memories were destructively wiped, which led to the loss of their timestamps and her memories being thrown into disarray.

M4 SOPMOD II: So even she doesn't know what really happened in the past?

Commander: ...

Commander: Is it possible that somebody could have embedded these memory fragments into her?

Dandelion: No.

Dandelion: Machlian's virtual cognition image is extremely fragile and forcibly implanting memories could have led to a complete breakdown.

Dandelion: Also, I collected some readable data, but since they're out of order, reorganizing them might lead to many different conclusions once they're read.

Commander: Please go over the fragments which can be read.

Dandelion: Alright, I'll start from the most recent one...

...In Bohnsdorf.

Elsa: ...My Lady, do you have any brothers or sisters?

Machlian: Hm, I suppose you could say I have a little sister.

Elsa: Wow, your little sister must love you since you're so nice, My Lady!

Machlian: ...That doesn't seem to be the case, though.

Elsa: Hm? Do you not get along with your sister?

Machlian: Two insects fall into a small hole. They can hold each other to keep warm and find a way to survive together, or they can trample each other underfoot to see who comes out on top.

Machlian: Right now, neither of the insects is moving, because the storm has yet to come.

Machlian: Once it arrives, there is no telling what will happen.

Machlian: I guess that largely sums up our relationship.

Elsa: I don't quite get it...

Elsa: But that's okay! You're my favorite person in the world, My Lady!

Machlian: Haha, you're my favorite person too, Elsa...

Commander: Another memory of Bohnsdorf... We've seen those several times already.

RO635: It's smooth and clear, but doesn't tell us anything of value.

Dandelion: It can't be helped. It seems only the memories from this period are clear.

Commander: Let's look through the muddled memory fragments.

...In a lab.

She is shackled to some kind of experimental device.

A man whose face is distorted and blurred sits opposite her.

□□: How do you feel now?

Machlian: Not very good...

□□: Do you still remember who you are?

Machlian: ...Machlian.

□□: Do you still remember who I am?

Machlian: You... You're...

A stretch of painful and garbled memories flood into her mind, but Machlian does not say anything.

□□: Hmm, are you experiencing memory impediment?

□□: Very good, it seems the memory scrubbing is showing more progress from yesterday.

□□: Let's wipe her again. Perhaps I'll make a breakthrough with my experiment today.

Assistant: Understood...

The man's assistant walks over and does something to the device.

Machlian: What are you going to do to me...?

□□: Before we begin the scrub, I'll show you something nice.

The man holds a picture up to Machlian's eyes.

It is a warm and loving family picture. A perfectly ordinary husband and wife lean affectionately against each other, and the girl in the middle smiles. Even the gap where her missing front tooth should be seems to be smiling too.

Machlian: Papa... Mama...

□□: And I'll tell you another little secret.

□□: Your beloved father and mother...are dead.

□□: Well, calling them dead isn't quite right. They're still wandering around in the village, attacking every living creature that passes by.

Machlian: ...

Machlian: No... No... I don't believe it!

Machlian: Let me go! I want to find Papa and Mama!

She struggles vigorously, but the device that keeps her shackled does not yield.

□□: Oh yes, struggle, struggle with all your might!

□□: Not like you will remember our conversation once you wake up.

□□: Begin the scrub.

Assistant: Got it.

Her mind instantly goes blank. The world spins end over end and all kinds of images dance before her eyes.

After an indeterminate amount of time, the world finally quiets down again.

□□: How do you feel now?

Machlian: Not very good...

The man with the distorted face laughs menacingly, and Machlian's vision begins to blur...

Commander: ...

Commander: Are there any fragments where his face is visible?

Dandelion: I do not recommend doing that at the moment. Machlian's virtual consciousness is weak to begin with; forcibly restoring specially processed image data could easily lead to a breakdown.

M4 SOPMOD II: That guy's face is such a scary mess...

RO635: I don't know if that's the result of Machlian's fear for him or the alterations Paradeus has made to her memories.

RO635: If it's the latter, it would mean Paradeus has a terrifying degree of control over virtual cognition.

Commander: ...Keep searching.

Dandelion puts Machlian's mind on display. Fragments of all colors, sizes and shapes are scattered everywhere. Some of them seem out of place, while others even look damaged.

Commander: Start with these fragments and look for the ones with similar colors. Doesn't matter if they're blurred.

Dandelion: Alright.

...Inside a certain underground base.

An electronic monitor clearly displays a map of Berlin, covered in densely-packed location markers.

A girl with a blurred face is giving out assignments.

???: Do you remember your assigned locations?

White Nyto: We have memorized them.

Black Nyto: We will proceed to our assigned positions and carry out our tasks.

???: Very good, very good.

The girl with the blurred face hands out control devices to the Nytos.

The Nytos respectfully hold out both hands to receive them.

???: Do you know what these are? Dare you reach out to take them?

Black Nyto: ...What are these?

???: What?!

The girl suddenly flies into a rage. She picks up the black Nyto by the collar and throws her toward a nearby wall.

A splatter of blood instantly covers the wall.

???: This concerns Father's Operation Cocoon, a plan of utmost importance! How dare you not pay attention?!

???: You there, tell me, what is this?!

White Nyto: It is the control device for an Iaso's Box.

???: Correct! It is a weapon that will make the world a better place!

???: With just a push of this little button, wonderful hope will fly out of the box.

???: When everyone pushes this button, all of Berlin will be filled with glorious hope!

The Nytos fall to their knees one after the other and hold their arms out to the girl...

The white Nyto's finger lightly taps the button for the control device.

White Nyto: Is the mission complete?

Black Nyto: Everything is ready.

White Nyto: Very good. All is for Father's glory.

Black Nyto: For Father's glory.

The Nytos begin praying devoutly...

Countless white Nytos press the buttons on the control devices they are holding...

Boom—

A series of explosions fill the air, and pale yellow pollen works its way into every corner of the city.

The contamination index in the city spikes to Red Zone levels. People flood the streets, desperately trying to get out of the pollen's range.

But in the end, they all collapse on the street one after the other.

Some of them don't get up again, but others come back to life in another way.

ELID Infected: Aaarghhhhh...

White Nyto: Remember Father's orders. Search for all the semi- and pan-immunosomes and bring them back to the base alive.

Black Nyto: Yes.

A legion of Nytos walk into the pale yellow pollen. Bestial howls blend with desperate human wails...

An inferno has manifested on earth.

Perosa: ...Is this Berlin?

RO635: I saw the quarantine wall...

Commander: ...

Commander: Record this entire stretch, we need to be sure about this.

My hand trembles slightly as it holds my teacup. I can't get that apocalyptic scene out of my head. Those screams of pain and suffering make it hard to breathe.
Part 9: Cretan Labyrinth I

9

...Temporary command post, Berlin.

Commander: ...That's concludes my report, Sir.

Commander: The information presented earlier was taken from Machlian's virtual consciousness. Do you have any more questions?

Griffin: ...

Griffin scrolls through the recorded images from Machlian's virtual consciousness and studies them carefully.

Griffin: I see.

Griffin: They figured that the government would be unable to stop so many small-scale explosions in so many regions.

Griffin: This would be much more fail-safe compared to a single big terrorist attack.

Griffin: Truly a meticulous plan.

Commander: It seems you are already aware of this information.

Griffin: I only knew that the plan existed, but not the specifics of its implementation.

Griffin: Still, I'd like to ask—given what you know of Machlian, how reliable is the information recovered from her?

Commander: I understand your concern.

Commander: After all, we successfully extracted Machlian and recovered information pertaining to a major Paradeus conspiracy from her without a hitch.

Commander: Everything has gone too smoothly, and success of this sort does seem strange.

Griffin: Have you eliminated the possibility that those memories could have been implanted?

Commander: We've already checked carefully, and they are definitely not external data.

Commander: However, there is one thing that still baffles me.

Griffin: The identity of Machlian, you mean?

Commander: I still don't know what role she plays in the plan.

Commander: Her memories were destroyed by someone. They are a jumbled mess and there's no way to tell what she's been through.

Commander: We cannot determine if she's bait or some unexpected element of the plan.

Griffin: Whatever she is, she's worth looking into.

Commander: Correct. Whether this is a trap or genuine information about their plan, we will be able to learn something about the orchestrator by pursuing this lead.

Commander: I need to find the location described in this memory fragment and investigate further.

Commander: I'm going to find out if these events have already transpired but were obfuscated, or if they're still in the planning stage.

Griffin: Don't worry about resources; requisition as many as you need.

Griffin: But I need a more detailed report and images of all the memory fragments.

Griffin: I hope we can be frank with each other in this exchange of information.

Griffin: After all, we have a shared goal of averting disaster and making this world a better place.

Commander: Understood.

Griffin: I'll be waiting for good news from you, then.

The transmission ends.

Commander: RO, Perosa, gather everyone.

RO635: Yes, Commander!

Perosa: Understood!

Commander: Dandelion, select a team to dive into Machlian's memories with you. Pick out all the scenes of the disaster as soon as possible.

Dandelion: Alright, the Doll access bridge is up.

Dandelion: Ready to begin at any time.
Part 10: CL II - Memory Fragment A

10

...Pale yellow mist fills the underground passage.

This is supposed to be rush hour, yet the subway station is silent.

Several black-clothed girls hop, skip and jump along the tracks, humming a strange rhyme.

Black Nyto: "Who killed Cock Robin?"

Black Nyto: "I, said the Sparrow, with my bow and arrow, I killed Cock Robin."

Black Nyto: "Who saw him die?"

Black Nyto: "I, said the Fly, with my little teeny eye, I saw him die."

The office workers on the railway platform would normally be chatting away. Instead, they're now lying quietly on the platform, seemingly fast asleep. They do not respond even when the black-clothed girls tread on them...

Black Nyto: "Who caught his blood?"

White Nyto: "I, said the Fish, with my little dish, I caught his blood."

...The pale yellow mist stretches out to a familiar village.

Pale and bony refugees wail and cry in despair as they fall to this insidious and deadly mist, one after another.

The white-clothed girls smile and chant their rhyme while passing through the refugee's corpses, oblivious to the hellish sight around them.

White Nyto: "Who'll make the shroud?"

White Nyto: "I, said the Beetle, with my thread and needle, I'll make the shroud."

White Nyto: "Who'll dig his grave?"

White Nyto: "I, said the Owl, with my pick and shovel, I'll dig his grave."

A frail woman crawls along the ground, her face streaked with tears. She is desperately clinging to her last hope.

The white-clad girls walk towards her steadily, closing the distance between them, until the woman can see the blood dripping from the tips of the scythes in their hands...

The woman opens her mouth in terror, as if to scream for the last time in her life—

□□□: Aaaaahhhhhh—

The mournful wail of a young girl suddenly fills the dead silent village.

□□□: Mama!!! Papa!!!

□□□: Don't leave me... Nooooo!!!

So piteous is her howl that even the birds flying overhead stop to offer their sympathies.

Unfortunately, in this village where all is still, the only one left alive is a sobbing girl.

□□□: Wake up! Please wake up!!!

As the inconsolable girl is crying her heart out, an unfamiliar voice echoes from far in the distance...

□□: Wonderful! Wonderful! A pan-immunosome!

□□□: ...(Sob) What? Who are you?

A man with a blurry, distorted face runs over in delight and holds out his hand.

□□: Hello, I am □□.

□□□: I don't know you...

The girl clutches her mother's still-warm hand fearfully.

□□: Don't be scared. We're here to help you.

□□: Your mother and father are asleep, but you have the power to wake them up.

□□: And I know how to help you...

□□□: But...

□□: Don't you want to bring back your mommy and daddy?

□□□: I do...

□□: Right now, I'm the only one who can save your parents.

She hesitantly reaches up to the man before her...

A pair of tightly clasped hands are parted.

The souls clinging to each other are torn apart.

□□□: No...no...

Her head feels like it would explode, but she still tries to reach out with her hands, seeking to grasp the warmth that she has lost.

□□□: No... Don't take her away!

□□□: Please, I'm begging you!!!

This is a vast laboratory with people milling around, but her cries are completely ignored, just like in that dead silent village.

□□□: Please!!! Please!!!

□□□: Give her back to me!!! She's a part of me!!!

□□□: She's my other half...

□□: Hm?

The man with the blurred and twisted face looms high above, looking down on her.

□□: You are worthless.

□□: Your only value is to provide her vessel with a soul.

□□□: ...

□□: Oh, don't worry, I won't let you go to sleep just like that.

□□: I will always remember the sense of defeat you made me feel...

Someone savagely seizes her neck, making it hard to breathe...

□□: I was so close... So close to success...

□□: But because of your stubbornness, I fell short of success by just a little!!!

Her vision pulses with blackness, and her mind begins to drift away from her body.

□□: But that's alright. I've already created her using your data.

□□: And she... She will make up for your shortcomings.

□□: As for you, I will have you watch, alive, suffering, and with your eyes wide open, as that day arrives...

She can breathe again.

But she can still hear him curse her through gritted teeth.
Part 11: CL II - Memory Fragment B

11

...In the darkness.

Two women with indistinct faces are talking to each other.

???: ...Have things been settled in the other places?

???: Since when was it your place to question me?!

???: Just mind your own business, I don't need a hag like you nagging me about how I do my work.

???: You should know that our plan is like an arrangement of dominos, if a single part goes wrong...

???: Yes, yes, I know!

???: If a single part goes wrong, the entirety of Father's plan will be affected!

???: So how is your part going?

???: Hehe, don't you worry about my abilities.

She suddenly produces an Iaso's Box, which glows faintly with blue light...

???: I've hidden these little things all over Berlin, hahahahaha!

The shrill alarm rings continuously, drowning out the shouts of the inmates.

Inmate 1: What's going on? What happened?

Inmate 2: What's this weird smell? Someone turn on the lights!

Bang! Something explodes.

Just then, the emergency lights come on. At the same time, the security systems imprisoning these inmates suddenly stop working.

Inmate 1: What's happening?

Inmate 2: Are we free?

The inmates' delight does not last long.

They soon realize that during the recent period of deep, crushing darkness, a terrible change has taken place...

Inmate 3: What are you doing?!

ELID Infected: Aaaaarghhhhhh...

Inmate 3: I'm your friend!!! Stay back!!! Ahhh that hurts—

Inmate 1: Help me!!!

Their former cellmates have transformed into fearsome monsters which are now lunging and tearing at the fleeing human inmates.

Said inmates run around in a blind panic, not noticing the open Iaso's Boxes lying quietly on the floor...

Boom!

A continuous series of explosions bring forth blossoms of fire on the surface of the quarantine wall.

Quarantine Wall Defender: No! No!!!

Quarantine Wall Defender: The quarantine wall has fallen!

Quarantine Wall Defender: The wall is down!

As the crowd watches in dismay, the quarantine wall, which has withstood wind and rain and protected the city for many years, collapses like a toppled sand castle.

Behind it, a pale yellow mist sweeps in like a sandstorm...

A petite figure tramples the remains of the quarantine wall underfoot, cradling an Iaso's Box as she shrieks with peals of mad laughter.

???: Ahahahahahaha! This is your doomsday!

???: Run! Run like mad! Run like sheep being chased by hyenas!

???: We will be there sooner or later! Because we are everywhere!

...A woman's hysterical laughter echoes in the darkness, while the other woman remains silent.

???: So does that mean everything is ready? I'll report it to my teacher, then.

???: Oh, don't give me that nonsense! I handled it in person, so how could anything go wrong?

???: Also, I'll report the mission status to Big Sister myself, now just scram!

?: I gather you've completed your mission, seeing that you have the time to bicker.

A third woman interjects.

The moment she speaks, the other two immediately bow their heads in reverence.

???: Teacher, everything is ready on my end...

???: Big Sister, I've finished all my tasks, too!

?: Very good. Father will reward you for your efforts.

?: Now then, there is only one last thing to do...

???: Let me do it, Big Sis!

???: I'll be so happy every bone in my body will dance a jig If I get to kill that woman!

???: ...

?: No, I must finish off that woman personally.

?: This is the mission I was given from the moment I was born, after all.

The third woman slowly approaches, the sound of her high heels tapping out crisp notes on the floor.

Clack...clack...clack...

Neither quick nor slow, but each step is filled with lethal menace.

Clack...clack...clack...

Every beat feels like a stomp on her heart.

Clack...

She is here.
Part 12: CL II - Memory Fragment C

12

...Inkblots.

Inkblots of all shapes and sizes.

They're everywhere, bewildering the eyes.

□□: Tell me, what do you see?

□□□: ...

□□: I advise you not to test my patience.

□□□: ...

□□: This is the last time I'm asking you, what do you see in the inkblot?

□□□: ...

□□□: The remains of corpses.

□□: You worthless piece of trash!!!

□□□: Blood, it's blood...

A heavy slap across her face sends her reeling.

□□: Blood? Heh... Well, that IS one of your few uses.

□□: Now that you mention it, is it time to draw blood today?

Her arm is firmly secured, and a sharp razor blade cuts her skin.

Blood gushes out into the container.

Assistant: Professor, I think that's enough...

□□: Relax, it's not like she'd die.

□□: Good dogs fight back when they can't take any more abuse. A worthless mutt like her will live to the end, even if she has no pride to speak of.

The blood flows down the outside of the container, dripping onto the ground...

Drip...drip...

The IV bottle connected to her wrist steadily drips its liquid.

The base is unusually noisy today.

Nyto's Voice: Faster, move it faster. Father said he wants everything transferred by today.

□□□: ...

She carefully pulls out the IV catheter, and the alarm goes off, as expected.

Nyto's Voice: Don't look around! Our schedule is packed! Pick up the pace!

After a while, nobody has come around to check on her, and the sound of the alarm has died down.

Her heartbeat suddenly speeds up in excitement.

□□□: Is anyone...there...?

Nobody answers.

She stands up and pushes open the door to the treatment room.

There are no obstacles in the empty corridor.

Her footsteps slowly pick up speed, getting faster and faster, until she's in a flat-out sprint...

...At the truck dispatch point.

Black Nyto: ...This is the last batch of trash that needs disposing. We'll head out in five minutes.

Black Nyto: Once we've taken care of it, we'll proceed directly to the new base.

White Nyto: Good. Don't waste any time along the way.

White Nyto: If you're discovered or followed, take care of them by yourself. Remember to destroy all the evidence.

Black Nyto: Understood.

She holds her breath, and climbs into the cabin filled with abandoned Isomers.

She pulls off a black cape and drapes it over herself, then she pulls apart the girls' cold corpses and squeezes among them.

She is nervous and afraid. All she can do is close her eyes and wait for the truck to start moving.

White Nyto: It's time.

White Nyto: Go, hurry up and dispose of this trash.

The truck shudders, and finally, it begins to move.

In the distance, she hears a panicked alarm coming from the base...
Part 13: CL II - Memory Fragment D

13

...Icy rain water splashes on her face.

It awakens the girl who has escaped the base, buried among the abandoned Isomers.

□□□: ...

She pushes away the abandoned Isomers on top of her and slowly stands up.

There are corpses of little girls as far as the eye can see.

□□□: ...Who am I?

□□□: Ma...chlian...

She manages to recall her name with great effort, but more questions soon follow.

Machlian: Where...will I go?

Machlian: Where did I...come from?

In a daze, she walks out of the ditch filled with girls' corpses.

Machlian: Living...normal person...

The rain soaks the bandages on her body, and her wounds start to hurt.

Machlian: Save...save them...

A bizarre scene appears in her mind.

The scene of a catastrophe...

Machlian: I...I want to save them...

Machlian: I want...to save them...

Someone speaks from behind her.

Nyto's Voice 1: The latest batch of trash was all dumped here, wasn't it?

Nyto's Voice 2: Yes, big sister.

Nyto's Voice 1: Gather everyone and find her.

Nyto's Voice 2: Understood!

Machlian: No... I don't...

Machlian: I don't want to go back...

Machlian: I want... I want to save them...

She seizes onto this idea that has seeped into her mind and starts running with faltering steps...

She runs...and runs... She runs without stopping...

She doesn't know how long she has run, or how far.

???: Hey, how come you look like such a mess?

Machlian: I... Don't touch me!

Elsa: Don't be scared! My name's Elsa!

Elsa: I swear, I won't hurt you...

Machlian: ...

Elsa: You're really badly hurt...

???: Elsa, what's all this ruckus?

Elsa: Miss Elia, there's a refugee here who needs our help!

Elia: Nonsense! This is no refugee!

Elia: She's our Saint!

Elsa: Saint? She's a Saint?

Elia: Greetings, My Lady. You must have been sent by God to save us!

Machlian: I... I don't understand...

Elia: That's fine. Just come with me first.

Elia: I run a refugee shelter, and many people are waiting for you to save them there...

Machlian: Refugee...save...

Elia: Come...come with me...

Elsa: Thank goodness, we have a Saint now!

The warm little hand tightly clutches hers.

She has never met this young girl, but she feels oddly at ease around her.
Part 14: Cretan Labyrinth III

14

...Temporary command post, Berlin.

Kolibri: What happened to Machlian was horrible... They did all that to her just because they thought she was a pan-immunosome...

ST AR-15: If you've seen what Paradeus has done, you'll know that this is just child's play.

ST AR-15: She's no longer the person she originally was, and if she has some kind of ulterior motive, it'll only lead to a greater disaster.

Kolibri: Hey! Don't you have any sympathy...?

Perosa: Quiet. The Commander's giving orders.

Commander: Organize all the fragments related to the terrorist attack and send them to the Earl. Ask him to help us find these coordinates.

Perosa: Yes. Uploading now.

Commander: ...Dandelion, when will Machlian wake up?

Dandelion: She'll regain consciousness in about five minutes. Are you going to resume the interrogation?

Kolibri: The Commander's so cruel...

Derringer: Good thing we're on the Commander's side!

Commander: ...

RO635: You're getting the wrong idea about the Commander...

Fedorov: Commander... Doesn't Machlian deserve to know that we hacked into her memories?

Kolibri: Yeah, we Dolls hate people snooping around in our memories without permission.

Derringer: After all, memories are very important to us.

ST AR-15: She's just a Paradeus captive; it's not like she has rights or anything.

ST AR-15: Besides, there's no telling if there's a bigger conspiracy surrounding her.

Dandelion: Being hacked is a common thing for Paradeus. There's no need to mention it.

Commander: That's enough. I'll inform her.

ST AR-15: ...

Kolibri: Yeah, that's the way!

Machlian: ...

Machlian is woken up by the chattering Dolls.

Commander: Do you feel unwell?

Machlian: ...

Machlian looks at her fresh bandages and says nothing.

Commander: ...We are not from Paradeus.

Machlian: Aren't you?

Machlian: I trusted you once, but I will never trust you again.

Commander: Machlian, please, calm down.

Commander: I've told you before, we did this for no other reason than to protect you.

Commander: Your violent reaction was dangerous, so I had Dandelion hack into your virtual consciousness to stop you.

Machlian: ...

Commander: I'm sorry.

Machlian: ...

Commander: We also looked through your memories without your permission.

The Commander looks down as they recall the horrific scenes they saw in Machlian's memories.

Machlian notices the Commander's clenched fists.

Commander: In your memories, we saw the many disasters caused by Paradeus.

Commander: The Nyto enforcers called it "Operation Cocoon".

Machlian: Operation Cocoon...

Commander: They set off pollen bombs in various parts of Berlin, causing the radiation intensity to go beyond Red Zone levels.

Commander: Everyone in Berlin was fleeing... But no matter how fast they ran, they weren't fast enough to avoid turning into ELIDs...

Machlian: ...

Commander: Do you know anything else about this?

Commander: Please tell me everything you know about where and when this happened!

Commander: I need to find where all the bombs are hidden and figure out exactly what's going on. Otherwise, I...

The Commander takes a deep breath and quells the rage in their heart.

Commander: I went through a living nightmare when a dirty bomb went off near me once.

Commander: I know very well how painful and torturous it is to suffer from ELID...

Commander: So I will absolutely not allow such a thing to happen.

Commander: Please, Machlian. I need your help.

Machlian: ...Are you really not with Paradeus?

Commander: I'm not. In fact, just like you, we are fighting Paradeus.

Machlian: But can I really trust you...?

Commander: If you trust me, then I will trust you.

Commander: Together, we can stop this tragedy from taking place.

Machlian's eyes glimmer as the Commander quickly summarizes the images they saw just now.

Machlian: ...

Machlian: As I thought...

Commander: I know your memories have suffered severe damage, but please tell us everything you can remember.

Machlian: ...

Commander: We saw scenes of many locations in Berlin being destroyed by Paradeus. If their plan succeeds, all of Berlin will suffer the same fate.

Commander: Can you tell us where these places are?

Machlian: It's not that I don't want to tell you...

Machlian: But my memories are so jumbled I don't know where to begin.

The Commander and the Dolls fall silent, and that makes Machlian more and more uneasy.

Machlian: I have many images in my mind, but I can't put them together to form a complete story.

Commander: That sounds very similar to the environment of your virtual consciousness.

Machlian: ...

Commander: Also, you mentioned something about curing ELID before you passed out.

Commander: How do you do it?

Machlian: ...

Machlian: With my blood.

Commander: Sorry?

Machlian: Well, not directly using my blood...

Machlian: It's more like my blood is the raw material, which is then processed...

Commander: No wonder you said everyone wanted to kidnap you...

Machlian: ...

Commander: ...

Commander: If what you say is true, then...

Commander: There must be a place where they developed a medicine that can cure or at least slow down ELID infection by experimenting with your blood.

Commander: That must be where you met Morridow.

Machlian: ...

Commander: And this place is closely connected to Paradeus.

Commander: Am I on track so far?

Machlian: Yes.

Commander: Is the medicine genuinely effective?

Machlian: It worked very well...when I used it on those refugees.

Commander: The Dolls searched you, but you weren't carrying any medicine on you. Where is the rest of it?

Machlian: ...

Machlian: I can't say.

Commander: Fair enough. Then l'll ask you again once we make a breakthrough in our investigation.

Machlian: Okay...

ST AR-15: Commander...

I take in Machlian's downcast eyes and pursed lips, I stop ST AR-15, who wants to take over the questioning.

Commander: That's enough. Let's call it a day.

...The Commander's communicator suddenly rings.

Helian: It's time for our scheduled check-in, Commander.

Helian: How's the mission going? We couldn't send anyone from the base, so I hired Squad 404.

Commander: I've already met up with 404.

Commander: Oh yes, how's Kalina doing?

Commander: Other than the message delivered by 404, I haven't heard from her since leaving the base.

Helian: Her condition is relatively stable for now. Mr. Kryuger has arranged for better medical resources for her.

Helian: I'd say Kalina will be able to resume her duties by the time you get back.

Commander: Really? Is Kalina with you right now?

Helian: You should know that regardless of severity, all ELID patients have to be quarantined.

Commander: ...

Helian: Commander, focus on finishing the mission. Mr. Kryuger and I will take care of Kalina.

Commander: Got it.

Commander: I'll return right away once I finish the mission.

Helian: Please take care of yourself too, Commander.

Commander: I will. Tell her to wait for me. I'll be back.

RO635: Commander, I'm sure Miss Kalina will get better.

ST AR-15: ...

Commander: It's fine. Alright, everyone who's not on duty should go get some rest.
Part 15: The Indecipherable Heart (Side)

15

...

In the afternoon.

Machlian has blearily woken from her slumber.

The Doll is sitting by the bed with her eyes closed.

Machlian: Mmm...

Perosa: You're awake.

Perosa opens her eyes upon hearing Machlian quietly stretching herself.

Perosa: Did you sleep well?

Machlian: Yeah, pretty well...

Machlian: Where are the others?

Perosa: They're outside, trying to figure out how to cook for humans. Judging by the ruckus, I don't think it's going too well.

Machlian: ...

Machlian turns to listen. Indeed, a squabble seems to be happening outside the room, but she can't quite make out what it's about.

Perosa: Would you like to step outside and take a look? Walking helps clear your head after you wake up.

Machlian: Alright.

Machlian rises from the bed and follows Perosa out of the room.

Several Dolls are engaged in a heated argument.

The stove is covered with several pans of charred, unidentifiable objects.

Kolibri: ...I couldn't stomach your cooking even with my taste module switched off!

Derringer: What do YOU know? These snacks are part of my private reserve!

Kolibri: But that doesn't mean you can FRY them!

Derringer: The Commander wanted some hot food!

Machlian: ...

Perosa: What are you arguing about?

Savage: Perosa, they're debating whether you can deep fry cookies with other food ingredients.

Fedorov: Hurry up and think of something, Perosa, they've ruined several plates already...

Machlian walks up to the stove, lightly breaks off a small chunk of the unidentifiable black substance and tastes it...

Machlian: ...

Machlian: This is...

A pungent stench of fish wrapped in a sick-inducing sweetness washes over her, rushing into her mouth like a gigantic deep sea shark and trying to burst out the top of her skull...

Machlian's legs give out and she crumples to the floor.

Perosa: Machlian! Are you alright?

Perosa: Get some water!

Savage: Quick, rinse her mouth out with the water!

Machlian finally comes to after they pour big mouthfuls of clean water into her.

After seeing Machlian's reaction to just a tiny bite of their cooking, Kolibri and Derringer are even more crestfallen.

Perosa: Keep an eye on Machlian. Let me handle it.

Savage: Huh, I haven't seen Perosa cook in a while.

Fedorov: Let me help too.

Perosa skillfully descales and washes the fish, then she chops its head off and debones it before cutting it into strips and covering them in flour.

After that, Perosa places the prepared fish and the fries that Fedorov made into the hot oil.

Soon, there is a golden-brown platter of fish and chips on the dining table.

Kolibri: Wow—

Derringer: Perosa, you're amazing!

Machlian: It smells delicious...

Perosa puts a portion in front of Machlian.

Perosa: This is yours.

Machlian: F-For me? Thank you?

The Dolls look on enviously as Machlian picks up a french fry and puts it in her mouth gingerly...

The AR Team has finished their shopping and returned to the temporary command post just in time to see this.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, smells great! Whatcha eating?

ST AR-15: You're done preparing the Commander's afternoon tea? I'll go call them now.

ST AR-15 heads over to the Commander's room.

RO635: Looks like English cuisine.

M4 SOPMOD II: Man, this reminds me of our cafeteria back at the base!

RO635: We'll be able to eat there again once we go back.

Machlian slowly chews the fry in her mouth. It's crispy on the outside but fluffy on the inside. Cooked with practically no added flavoring, the only thing she can taste is the natural fragrance of the potatoes.

Kolibri: Does the food in your cafeteria...taste good?

Derringer: The Earl doesn't like cafeterias and the like; he says there's a risk of being poisoned and all...

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? But the food at ours tastes great! We've got food from all kinds of countries.

M4 SOPMOD II: Like, when it comes to potatoes alone, we have American fries, English chips, Italian mashed potatoes, Chinese potato floss...

Derringer: Please, spare me...

Machlian looks down at the fish and chips on her plate. Just a moment ago, she had thought they were quite delicious, but all of a sudden they seem rather tasteless and bland.

Perosa: Oh, don't be so down. We may actually get to visit this legendary cafeteria one day.

Kolibri: Really?

Savage: I believe the Earl means for us to stay and operate with the Commander on a long-term basis.

Fedorov: The fact is that we still don't know enough about Paradeus. We'll be able to learn a lot by following the Commander.

Derringer: Wow, I'm really looking forward to it...

Machlian finds herself nodding too as she picks up a cup of tea.

M4 SOPMOD II: So how about saying hi to everyone?

Savage: Saying hi?

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, you make a video to say hi and introduce yourselves so everyone at the base can get to know you ahead of time!

RO635: I'm sure the Commander won't mind. I'll confirm it with the Commander later.

The members of Squad Griffin all turn to look at Perosa.

Perosa: Well, since you're obviously really looking forward to it, I can't bring myself to say no either.

Kolibri: Awesome! Let me go clean myself up!

Derringer: What should I say to everyone at the base...?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hurry! Banana's already recording!

The members of Squad Griffin take turn walking up to Banana and introducing themselves.

Perosa however, goes over to Machlian.

Perosa: Aren't you coming?

Machlian: I'm not sure I'm welcome there...

Perosa: From what I know of the Commander, we might very well meet again at the base after the mission is over.

Machlian: Um...

Machlian squeezes her cup uneasily. The liquid inside is perfectly still.

The Commander comes out from the command room and into the kitchen with ST AR-15.

Commander: Mm, smells great.

RO635: It's fish and chips, cooked by Perosa herself.

Commander: Looks delicious too. Don't mind if I do.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, I want to make a video of Squad Griffin saying hi to everyone back at the base!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sure they'll be happy to know that we're getting some nice additions!

Commander: Sounds good to me.

Perosa: Commander, Machlian hasn't introduced herself yet.

Perosa smiles and drags Machlian over.

She blushes bright red, not knowing where to look.

ST AR-15: Commander, she's not—

M4 SOPMOD II: It's fine, 15. You've seen the bunch from Sangvis Ferri having fun at the base.

The Commander shoots ST AR-15 a placating look and pushes the plate of fries toward her.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 doesn't touch the fries, but she doesn't protest any further.

Commander: Come on, Machlian.

M4 SOPMOD II: Here, look this way and say something!

Machlian walks in front of Banana and looks uncertainly into the camera.

For a moment, she is overcome by conflicting emotions as countless scenes from the past, both bitter and sweet, flash through her mind.

Machlian: ...Hello, my name is Machlian.
Part 16: Dreams on the Island of Dia I

16

...That night, in Machlian's room in the temporary command post.

ST AR-15 stands by Machlian's bed, looking down at her sleeping face with unbridled hostility.

ST AR-15: Stop pretending.

Machlian: ...

ST AR-15: I know you're only faking it.

Machlian: ...

Deep in the realm of sleep, Machlian does not respond to ST AR-15's accusation.

Dandelion: I never thought Dolls could go crazy...until tonight.

ST AR-15: I knew you'd show up too.

Dandelion: If I hadn't, you'd have dragged her out by the collar, wouldn't you?

ST AR-15: Did you come here just to take shots at me?

Dandelion: Of course not. I could have done it during the day too.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: You're also suspicious of her.

Dandelion: Well, not so much suspicious as curious.

Dandelion: Machlian's virtual consciousness is unique. Chaotic virtual consciousness is commonplace in Paradeus units, but this is the first time I've seen such a spectacular mess.

Dandelion: And that doesn't even begin to cover how she actually has scenes in her head which seem to foretell the future.

ST AR-15: I just think she has an ulterior motive.

ST AR-15: For all we know, getting caught by the Commander was part of her plan.

Dandelion: Well, I don't see why we can't carry out our respective investigations.

Dandelion looks down at her arm, which ST AR-15 is holding in a vise-like grip.

ST AR-15: ...I'm not specialized in electronic warfare.

Dandelion: So you want me to build a link for you to enter Machlian's virtual consciousness?

ST AR-15: Yes.

Dandelion: That is no problem at all. You just have to...

Dandelion: Beg me.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion feels the grip on her arm tighten further.

Dandelion: You DO know that a Nyto's body has no sense of pain, right?

ST AR-15: Cut the crap and build the link.

Dandelion: You have a very interesting way of begging for help.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: I don't want to go out of my way to make things difficult for you, so how about we make a deal?

ST AR-15: What do you have in mind?

Dandelion: I want 10 instances of immunity. When I invoke them, you cannot attack me for my words.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: You're not willing?

Dandelion: Forget it, then.

ST AR-15: Fine, it's a deal.
Part 17: Dreams II mid-stage

17

...Inside Machlian's virtual consciousness.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: I didn't think this place would be even more of a mess than it looked from the outside.

Dandelion: "15, I'm here, save me."

ST AR-15: What the hell?! Who gave you permission to talk like M4?!

Dandelion: Immunity instance 1 of 10.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 clenches her fists and stalks silently toward a distant fragment.

...It appears to be a factory.

Several white Nytos are checking production line data.

Girl's Voice: Have we met our production quota for today?

A girl's voice comes out of nowhere. The white Nytos bow respectfully in response.

White Nyto: We have met our quota for the day.

White Nyto: But the memory scrub hasn't been entirely successful with several of the modified units. They ripped off their inhibitors and modifications without permission.

Girl's Voice: Did their virtual consciousnesses break down?

White Nyto: No, their memories have simply regressed to before the scrub and modification, and they do not remember anything about Father.

White Nyto: They have been taken to the detention cell. One of them refers to herself as "Adeline" and is crying about finding a human called "Mama".

Girl's Voice: ...

Girl's Voice: Well, tearing off their modifications does run the risk of that.

Girl's Voice: Take them to Father's lab.

White Nyto: Yes.

Girl's Voice: We must prevent this sort of thing from happening again.

White Nyto: Understood.

The girl speaks no more, but the white Nytos still stand rooted to the spot, their heads bowed fearfully.

...In Machlian's virtual consciousness.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: I've already read all the fragments over there, but the details are still being compiled.

ST AR-15: Can those Nytos' memories be restored?

Dandelion: If the events in the fragments are genuine, then yes.

Dandelion: In theory, if you remove their modifications and perform a personality reset, there's a chance they would regain their memories.

Dandelion: But exactly how much and to what extent they can be restored—I'm not too sure.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: Rather than pity these girls, we have more important things to do.

Dandelion: For instance, figuring out when this region appeared.

ST AR-15: What region?

ST AR-15 looks back and sees a red-colored region that has appeared behind Dandelion at some point.

The red is very bright and contrasts starkly with the other areas of Machlian's virtual consciousness.

Stranger still is the fact that there are no fragments in that region at all. It looks just like a big red snowstorm that covers up everything within.

ST AR-15: What?!

ST AR-15: That wasn't there just a moment ago.

Dandelion: Yes, once I secured control access over the virtual cognition image, a big region that I hadn't seen before silently appeared behind my back.

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: I also tried entering it while you were still spacing out.

Dandelion: But I can't seem to hack it with just my mind.

ST AR-15: Have you heard the saying—

Dandelion: If you're going to say something like "what goes around comes around", you can save it.

Dandelion: Remember, discovering Machlian's true aim to save our guileless and compassionate Commander was also your plan.

ST AR-15: ...Humph, you think I really don't know why you came to investigate Machlian in the middle of the night? You're just doing it to satisfy your own curiosity.

ST AR-15: Saving the Commander was incidental at best.

Dandelion: In terms of the outcome, it makes no difference what my motives are.

ST AR-15: Shut up and get started.
Part 18: Dreams II mid-stage

18

...In Machlian's room.

M4 SOPMOD II: 15, I'm here to change shifts!

ST AR-15: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: 15!

SOP-II shakes ST AR-15, but ST AR-15's eyes remain shut. There is no response.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? What are you doing?

M4 SOPMOD II: Dandelion is also here...

M4 SOPMOD II: Ohhhh, I know! You're in Machlian's virtual consciousness!

SOP-II runs in a circle around ST AR-15 and Dandelion.

M4 SOPMOD II: Are you guys in there? Take me too!

M4 SOPMOD II: I wanna go in there and see...

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Why are you all ignoring me?!

M4 SOPMOD II: You meanies! I'm going to tell RO and the Commander!

SOP-II turns and is just about to storm off when her fingers brush against a marker pen in her pocket.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm, wait a minute...

SOP-II looks back, and her gaze falls on ST AR-15's clean face...

M4 SOPMOD II: Heehee, it's done!

M4 SOPMOD II: You're an artistic genius, SOP-II!

SOP-II beams with pride at her work of graffiti.

M4 SOPMOD II: Now for the next one!

SOP-II skips over to Dandelion and raises the marker up to Dandelion's face.

Dandelion's eyes suddenly snap open and her hand shoots up to grab SOP-II by the wrist.

Dandelion: Stop it, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Holy!

Dandelion: 15 and I are on an urgent mission from the Commander. Don't disturb us.

M4 SOPMOD II: I can help too!

Dandelion: You going back to your room like a good girl would be the biggest help of all.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph!

A disgruntled SOP-II tosses the marker away and leaves Machlian's room.

...Inside Machlian's virtual consciousness.

The monsters guarding the blank zone have been pretty much eliminated.

ST AR-15: Where were you? I was calling you for ages but you didn't respond.

Dandelion: ...It was nothing.

Dandelion eyes ST AR-15's face with amusement before heading for the heart of the blank region.

Dandelion: It's done.

ST AR-15: So it's unlocked?

Dandelion: Yeah.

A black cube appears in the red region, and ST AR-15's hand reaches toward it...

...In an unfamiliar village.

The Epiphylla have all blossomed, spewing pale yellow pollen like an explosion and drowning the entire village in it.

Morridow: You've done very well.

Villager: Oh, it was nothing, we simply did as you told us, Lady Morridow...

Morridow: And now that you have finished your mission, you are no longer of any value.

Villager: ...What?

Whoosh—

With movements that are invisible to the naked eye, Morridow cuts the prostrating villager into two.

Blood splashes onto Morridow's face, making her look sinister and fearsome.

Morridow: Go see if there are more survivors in the village.

White Nyto: Understood.

White Nytos surge into the village shrouded in yellow mist. Morridow licks the blood off her blade and leaves...

...In an unfamiliar room.

On the cold loor likes the corpse of a woman.

Morridow sits before the dressing mirror, looking into it as she wipes off the bloodstains and re-applies her makeup.

Morridow: "Hi, Ange. I'm Morridow, Chairwoman Ulrich's secretary. Delighted to meet you."

Morridow keeps adjusting her expression and tone in front of the mirror.

Morridow: "Hello, Frau Ange. I am Morridow Voigt, Chairwoman Ulrich's secretary."

Morridow: What do you think, hm? I'm doing a perfect impression of you, don't you agree?

Morridow pulls the corpse up by the hair with a savage grin.

Morridow: Thanks, by the way. Starting from today, I'll be living your life in your place. ♪
Part 19: Dreams II End

19

...Inside Machlian's virtual consciousness.

ST AR-15: Dammit, I TOLD you, she's Morridow!

Dandelion: There are a lot of other people's memory fragments in her virtual consciousness. This is rather unusual for a Nyto.

Dandelion: Given the current circumstances, the chances of Machlian and Morridow being the same person are very high.

ST AR-15: So even you agree...

ST AR-15: I'm going to tell the Commander right now, and you're coming with me.

Dandelion: Very well.

ST AR-15 immediately exits of Machlian's virtual consciousness.

Dandelion peers at the black cube floating above the blank region one last time.

Dandelion: Things are getting more and more interesting.
Part 20: Dreams on the Island of Dia III

20

...In the Commander's office.

It is late at night, and the Commander is puzzling over a stack of files.

ST AR-15 suddenly bursts in with Dandelion in tow.

ST AR-15: Commander, I have an urgent matter to report.

Commander: What is it?

The Commander takes a mouthful of tea and looks up with sleepy eyes.

At the sight of ST AR-15's face, the tea is ejected in a violent spray.

Commander: Pfffft—

Commander: 15, you...

ST AR-15: Hear me out, Commander.

ST AR-15: Dandelion and I just went and checked Machlian's virtual consciousness and we found a region in there that was hidden during the daytime.

Commander: Wait, didn't I already tell—

ST AR-15: This is very important, Commander!

Commander: Alright, go on.

ST AR-15: After unlocking this region, Dandelion and I saw Morridow's memories.

ST AR-15: We saw how Morridow massacred refugees and how she killed and replaced Chairwoman Ulrich's secretary...

Commander: What?!

ST AR-15: She has Morridow's memories! Machlian IS Morridow, Commander!

ST AR-15: Dandelion saw it all, and she shares my opinion.

Dandelion: ...Frankly speaking, I no longer agree with ST AR-15.

ST AR-15: Say what?!

Dandelion: A Nyto's virtual consciousness has always been very chaotic, and they often merge consciousnesses to exchange information.

Dandelion: Machlian looks identical to Morridow, so it's hardly unusual that her virtual consciousness might possess memory fragments from the other person.

Dandelion: Of course, I'm not dismissing the possibility that Machlian could be Morridow. I'm just saying there might be another explanation.

ST AR-15: You're doing this on purpose.

Dandelion: In any case, the Commander can see for themselves and make the final decision.

Commander: Put the video on the main screen.

Dandelion: All attempts to record information within that region failed. I cannot project it.

ST AR-15: Then let's go into Machlian's mind again. Please watch, Commander.

Commander: ...Right, let's go.

...In Machlian's room.

The Commander has returned together with ST AR-15 and Dandelion.

Machlian: ...Hm? What's wrong?

ST AR-15: We know everything, Morridow.

Machlian: What...?

Dandelion: You may enter, ST AR-15.

Dandelion opens the link, and the monitor shows Machlian's virtual cognition image.

Machlian: Is this...my mind?

Having come this way before, ST AR-15 navigates through the space with ease and makes her way to where the blank region was, but in its place is a chaotic mess of memory fragments.

ST AR-15: Why is this happening, Dandelion?

Dandelion: ...I do not know either.

ST AR-15: Machlian, what have you done?!

Machlian: Huh? I don't know...

ST AR-15: Dammit!

Unwilling to give up, ST AR-15 keeps looking through the fragments, but none of them belong to Morridow.

ST AR-15: This is impossible! It was right here just now!

Commander: Come out for now, 15.

ST AR-15 reluctantly exits the virtual cognition image.

ST AR-15: I'm serious, Commander! It was right there!

Commander: ...

Commander: We can find that region again later.

Commander: But 15...

The Commander gestures vaguely at their face. Confused, ST AR-15 looks at a mirror...

ST AR-15: ......

ST AR-15: DANDELION!!!

ST AR-15: I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!!!

Dandelion: Immunity instance 2 of 10.
Part 21: Dreams on the Island of Dia IV

    21chevron_right

...Late at night, in the Commander's office.

After sending ST AR-15 and Dandelion away with great difficulty, the Commander makes a call.

Commander: Persica, what do you make of the video that RO sent you earlier today?

Persica: Right, right, right, just a little to the left. No, a bit further up. Yes, that's it, that's it.

Persica: Wait a minute, don't put my bookshelf down like—

Crash—

Persica: (Sighs) Moving is such a pain.

Persica: Ahhh, forget it, you guys just pack up for now.

Persica: Commander, with all the Dolls at the base, have you considered opening a home mover's division? All the moving companies on the market are so unreliable...

Commander: ...

Commander: Are you STILL moving in?

Persica: Yeah, the space I was assigned at your base was too small for me. Plus, there's all this equipment in my room that's old enough to be my grandfather.

Commander: But we bought those just two years ago...

Persica: Also, my coffee machine broke. How am I supposed to work like that?

Commander: ...

Commander: The Café is just below you, you know. While the staff is probably resting, you can still use the coffee vending machine.

Persica: Huh? I didn't know you guys provided such services...

Persica vanishes from the transmission window.

A while later, she returns with a cup of coffee, looking very satisfied.

Persica: I live again.

Persica: Right, now I can start working.

Persica starts dumping cubes of sugar into the coffee cup.

Persica: I watched the video you had RO send me earlier.

Commander: I want to hear your thoughts.

Persica: I can't be 100% sure, but I did try to cross-reference it with news records in Berlin over the years and nothing like it has happened before.

Commander: Which means?

Persica: At first, I thought it might be some kind of commercial movie or something, but considering the image quality...

Persica: I don't think anyone with that kind of money would be bored enough to make such a film.

Commander: We did some analysis on our own, and no matter how you look at it, it doesn't look forged.

Persica: Dandelion concluded that Machlian's virtual consciousness is so fragile it can't withstand the strain of a memory fragment transfer.

Persica: So we can only assume that the images are real, they just haven't happened yet.

Commander: So that terrifying apocalypse will actually come to pass...

Persica: Well, you might have a chance to stop it, Commander.

Commander: ...

Persica: Also, I'm quite intrigued by the blank region that 15 said suddenly appeared in Machlian's virtual consciousness.

Persica: Unfortunately, all the data she recorded was useless, and I can't study it further...

Commander: Care to speculate about it?

Persica: I do have some ideas about what might be going on...

Persica: But since this sort of thing has only happened once before, I'm not sure how useful my theories may be.

Persica: Compared to the first two hacking attempts, 15 and Dandelion did it while Machlian was asleep.

Persica: Simply put, it's like how human beings have the lowest control over their conscious minds when they're asleep.

Persica: Considering that Machlian is a new model of Paradeus Nyto, and that her virtual cognition image is similar to that of a human's subconscious, my guess is that her defensive mechanisms are lowered when she's sound asleep, to an extent.

Persica: Hacking her during this time does have a possibility of revealing what is normally hidden.

Commander: You mean Machlian is deliberately concealing these memories of Morridow's?

Persica: I have several theories. This is just one of them.

Commander: What are the others?

Persica: Do you understand the concept of telepathic connection among Isomers?

Persica: Early on in Tallinn, I realized that these Isomers possessed the ability to share senses without the use of communication devices.

Persica: While this sort of phenomenon doesn't allow for the stable transfer of large quantities of high-definition information, it's more than enough to allow portions of their memories to be transmitted to similar entities who can receive this sensory induction.

Commander: So basically, Machlian could simply have received a transmission containing fragments of Morridow's memories?

Persica: Yes. But the fact that she can receive those images already proves that Machlian is the same kind of Paradeus unit as Morridow.

Commander: ...

Persica: I also have another hypothesis, though it may sound a little far-fetched.

Commander: Go on.

Persica: Although Machlian's body has been modified, she is still within the parameters of a human being.

Persica: Information is transmitted within the human body in two ways—through chemical reactions and potential differences.

Persica: Both methods involve the generation of various chemical elements or electrical charges within a cell.

Persica: When a human stands next to someone with completely identical genes, he or she can be very sensitive to signals sent through transmission methods that are very similar to their own.

Commander: Hm? In other words...

Persica: In layman's terms, you could say that they have a telepathic connection in the way identical human twins share a bond.

Commander: ...You mean Machlian might be Morridow's twin sister?

Commander: And the presence of Morridow's memories in her virtual consciousness could be due to influences from Morridow's electromagnetic field?

Persica: Of course, that's just a hypothesis.

Persica: In order to verify it, I would need samples of Machlian's and Morridow's DNA for comparison.

Persica: But if this hypothesis is valid, it means Morridow might be able to see you through Machlian's eyes, so you'd better be careful, Commander.

The Commander takes a sip of cold tea and grimaces at the bitterness.

Persica: What's wrong? You can't even find someone to make you coffee without Kalina by your side?

Commander: Ahem, that'll change when I return.

Persica: But Kalina won't be able to make coffee for you for a while, no?

Persica: You'll be lucky if she can even talk to you when you get back.

Commander: What do you mean?

Persica: You didn't know?

Persica: Kalina was transferred to a city general hospital today because her condition got worse. Apparently they found minor silicification on her skin.

Thud. The tablet slips out of the Commander's hand and crashes to the floor.

Persica still seems to be saying something, but the Commander can no longer hear her.

The world is dead silent. The Commander's promise echoes in their own ears.

"Tell her to wait for me. I'll be back."

...

Morning.

The Gray Institute of Biotechnology.

Mrs. Gray peels off her plastic gloves and washes her hands at the washing basin.

Gray: Your test results look pretty decent this time as well.

Gray: You can get off the strict diet for now.

Gray: But no cigarettes or alcohol for you.

Well-Dressed Man: Thank you, Mrs. Gray.

Well-Dressed Man: Sorry for taking up your time.

Gray: Not at all. You are very welcome.

Well-Dressed Man: By the way, I hear the launch of Idunn has been giving you quite the trouble.

Gray: ...

Gray smiles faintly. She places her index finger against her lips and shakes her head.

Gray: Forgive me, but I don't talk about business in my clinic.

Gray: Here, I'm just a simple doctor.

Well-Dressed Man: ...I see.

Well-Dressed Man: Do excuse me. In that case, we'll discuss this some other time.

The man smiles apologetically at Gray and leaves a card of a restaurant.

Well-Dressed Man: If you don't mind, how about over some dinner?

Gray: It would be my pleasure.

Gray accepts the card courteously and gives a nod.

The man smiles in satisfaction and turns to leave.

Well-Dressed Man: ...!

Ange: ...

Just as the man is about to walk out the door, he finds himself face-to-face with a ferocious-looking woman who appeared out of nowhere.

The woman glares past him straight at Gray. The coldness in her eyes sends chills running down his spine.

Well-Dressed Man: Who...Who are you? Who let you in?!

Ange: ...Scram while you can.

Ange: This has nothing to do with you.

Well-Dressed Man: Pardon?!

Gray: Mr. Falk.

The man is just about to lose his temper over Ange's impudence when Gray speaks up softly from behind.

Gray: She is my guest.

Well-Dressed Man: Y-Your guest?!

He looks at the impeccably dressed Gray and back at Ange, who looks like a beggar in her tattered clothes, and gapes in disbelief.

Well-Dressed Man: Unbelievable! Why would you be associated with such low-life?!

Well-Dressed Man: Not to mention she's obviously here to make trouble!

Gray: Hm...

Gray smiles.

Gray: I do believe you are right... After all, we had a bit of a disagreement last night.

Well-Dressed Man: L-Last night?!

Ange: ...We have a date.

Ange fishes out a name card from her waist pouch.

The color isn't particularly eye-catching, but everyone present can instantly recognize that it is indeed Gray's card.

Gray: ...As you can see, Mr. Falk.

Gray: Would you mind giving us ladies some privacy?

Ange enters the room silently, holding the door open for the man.

Still incredulous, the man swallows and stalks out of the room.

The door shuts, leaving the two women alone inside.

Ange: I've seen that man before.

Ange: If memory serves, he's from Drug Administration, isn't he?

Gray: Mr. Falk is one of my patients and a regular.

Gray: He comes to me for medical check-ups regularly.

Gray tears up the fancy-looking card carelessly and tosses the scraps into the garbage can. She dusts off her hands and walks up to the washing basin again.

Ange watches her leisurely movements and for a moment is almost fooled by this woman's nonchalance.

Ange: "We had a disagreement last night"?

Ange: What a roundabout way of putting it.

Gray: A doctor needs to be tactful when informing patients about their condition.

After rubbing every nook and cranny on her hands clean, Gray dries her hands with a towel and takes out a pair of gray gloves.

Ange: I thought a doctor's job is to give their patients all the facts.

Gray: But a doctor can nevertheless be tactful about it. It's merely the compassionate thing to do.

Gray fiddles a little with the elastic edge of her glove and turns around. She gestures at the operating table in the center of the room.

Gray: Lie down.

Ange: ...Lie down where?

Gray: Only two kinds of people would enter an operating room—doctors and patients.

Gray: I'm the doctor, so you're the patient.

Gray adjusts the height of the table and prepares the robotic arms.

She looks at Ange and invites her to lie down again.

Gray: Your prosthetics are about to give out.

Gray: Lie down, Angelia.

Her tone makes it obvious that she's not taking no for an answer.

Ange: ...

Ange slowly approaches the operating table—and Gray.

Ange: You don't seem at all surprised to see me here.

Ange: I could blow your brains out right now and be done with it.

Gray: You won't, because you know that my death will change nothing.

Gray shrugs. Ange snickers and studies the room while leaning against the table.

Ange: Don't you need nurses?

Gray: My nurses don't tend to enter the operating room.

Ange: Let me guess—they're busy committing murder and arson at your bidding at night?

Ange walks up to Gray with her pistol tilted up ever so slightly.

Ange: You were right though...

Ange: My prosthetics are getting rickety. Could you please fix me up, Doc?

Gray: I'd be happy to.

The two women, very different in height, exchange disquieting smiles. Ange's finger is poised on her trigger.

Ange: ...

Gray: ...

Gray's gaze strays from Ange's face to her hand.

Gray: Are you bringing that to the operating table?

Ange: Agents are always a little paranoid.

Ange hasn't lifted her pistol, but Gray can tell with just a glance that the safety is off.

Gray: Unfortunately, I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist.

Gray: I'm afraid I can't do anything about your PTSD—unless you like my radical treatment.

Ange: Thanks, but no thanks.

Ange: Also, there's no telling if you're just a psycho in a white coat.

Ange: Maybe I'm actually your psychiatrist.

Gray: What an amusing thought.

Gray: I like psychiatrists. I also like psychological tests.

Gray: Have you heard of the Rorschach inkblot test?

Ange: Yes, what about it?

Gray: That's the first psychological test I've taken.

Gray: My teacher administered it on me.

Ange: You had teachers?

Gray: Didn't you?

Ange never looks away from Gray. After a while, she slides onto the operating table and lies down slowly.

Her pistol is still in her hand, but she has placed her bionic arm on the arm support.

Gray puts on a loupe and picks out several tools that Ange has never seen from her shelf.

Gray: What's your plan, Angelia?

Ange: Plan?

Gray: You've been scrutinizing my operating room ever since you walked through the door...

Gray: Then you started chatting away with me like an old friend. To be honest, when you said you could shoot me, I actually expected you to do it then and there.

Gray: But now, here you are, lying in front of me with nothing but a pistol.

Gray looks down at Ange's face tenderly.

Gray: Like a fish on a chopping block.

Gray: I know you're bold, but I didn't expect you to go so far.

Ange: So are you going to kill me now?

Ange: You won't get a better chance than this. I'm lying just inches away from you.

Ange: You just have to slit my throat with that scalpel and I will cease being a nuisance.

Gray: We're both gambling with very high stakes.

Ange: Well? Are you making a move or not?

Gray: ...I'm a doctor, Angelia. I will never turn a patient on my operating table into a corpse.

Gray caresses Ange's bionic arm and smiles faintly.

Gray: Now tell me, what new cards have you got?

Ange: Berlin Prison. Quarantine wall. Bohnsdorf. Underground tunnel.

Ange: Altes Stadthaus. Marshallstraße. The Fernsehturm.

Ange recites a list of seemingly unrelated places.

Gray: ...

Gray's hands freeze for just a fraction of a second.

Ange: You've been plotting and staging a series of minor incidents and terrorist attacks in Berlin since a few months ago.

Ange: Now the entire city is shrouded in a sense of dread and unrest, and you're obviously fanning the fire.

Ange studies Gray's perfectly smooth and nonplussed expression. She was hoping this woman would at least look a tiny bit surprised.

Gray: I knew you wouldn't let go of this piece of straw that you've grasped.

Gray: I have genuine admiration for Leone. Her talent is truly unparalleled.

After injecting coolant into the bionic arm interface, Gray disconnects the synaptic transmission.

Ange feels a sense of emptiness where her arm is missing—a sensation she hasn't experienced in a while.

She involuntarily tightens her grip on her pistol. For a second, she is certain Gray is going to strike.

But Gray shows no sign of wanting to attack. She simply carries on taking apart the joint of Ange's bionic arm with the help of some intricate device.

Ange: But the intention of orchestrating such attacks isn't to inflict casualties, but to sow chaos.

Ange: Besides, your plans are a lot more elaborate than most actual terrorist attacks.

Ange: Berlin isn't your target. You're going for the top brass.

Gray rotates the lens on her loupe. A spark flares from one of Ange's bionic finger joints.

Gray: And so you've come to me.

Gray: You know you can't influence the situation on your own.

Gray: Your only solution is to find an opening through me.

Gray: Is that why you'd risk your own life to extract the information you're after from me?

Through her loupe, Gray eyes Ange with admiration.

Gray: You really are an exceptional agent, Angelia.

Gray: People like you shine brightly wherever you go.

Gray: This must be why the Soviets are using you as a cat's paw.

Ange: So you admit you ARE going for them?

Gray: Have you never considered a change of clothing, Angelia?

Gray: You've never wanted anything to do with the power-hungry and opportunistic old nobility... Don't play dumb. I know how much you hate those who make nothing but empty promises.

Gray: With your talent, you can achieve so much more—just think about it.

Gray: Would you rather do something great in a brave new world or toil away for some dwindling flame in the old world?

Ange: ...You're an eloquent speaker.

Ange: Sadly, I'm not interested at all.

Ange: I fight only for myself.

Gray: ...That's a real shame.

Gray looks up. The final calibration is complete as she wraps up her rousing speech.

She reconnects Ange's synaptic transmission, and Ange regains her sense of touch on the bionic arm.

Ange curls her hand into a fist and can immediately tell how much more crisp and responsive her arm feels after the maintenance.

She is mildly taken aback.

Ange: I can see why you're so well respected.

Ange: In this day and age, a doctor who is this accomplished in both medicine and prosthetic engineering...

Ange: ...is highly coveted everywhere.

Gray: But doctors alone can't cure the world.

Gray: The people need a dose of strong medicine.

Ange: What you're doing will only inflict more pain and suffering on the world.

Ange: I may not share those old farts' vision, but you stand for everything that I'm against.

Ange: You and your brothers and sisters are cancer to this world.

Ange: Your so-called "strong medicine" is without a doubt strong poison.

Ange sits up with her gun pointed straight at Gray's face.

Ange: Was it your "teacher" who put such twisted ideas in your head?

Gray eyes Ange's pistol and shakes her head.

Gray: ...My teacher has simply helped me find my true self.

Gray: No one can determine who you are—surely you know that better than I do.

Gray: Still, my teacher holds you in extremely high regard, which is why you caught my eye to begin with.

Ange: Your teacher knows me? Who is your teacher?

Gray: You've spent such a wonderful time in each other's company.

Gray: She looks back at those days with great fondness...and she can't wait to see you again.

Gray: Still, she did say if you get in my way, I don't have to worry about sparing her feelings.

Ange: ...Your teacher is...Morridow?

Gray: Hush...

Resting her chin on one hand, Gray brushes a fingertip gently along Ange's bionic arm and observes the change in Ange's expression with great interest.

The hand with which Ange is holding her pistol suddenly goes limp. The heavy pistol slips out from her grip and clatters on the floor.

Gray: Don't say her name.

Gray: Right now, I'm your dance partner.

Ange: What...did you do to my body?

Gray: Anesthetics. It's necessary for surgery.

Gray: Just doing my job as a doctor.

Gray reaches out and picks up the gun that's lying on the floor. She dangles it in front of Ange's face.

Gray: Leone really is a genius, don't you think?

Gray: I have never met anyone else with such a profound understanding of botany.

Ange: Ugh...!

Ange grits her teeth, but her paralyzed body refuses to obey her. She ends up rolling off the operating table.

Gray: If she hadn't made such a regrettable decision, I'm sure we would have been great friends.

Gray lets out a sigh. Still holding Ange's pistol, she walks around to the other side of the operating table and points the gun at Ange, who's lying on the floor, immobilized.

Gray: The same goes for you, Angelia.

Gray: If you had given me a different answer, it wouldn't have come to this.

Ange: You...!

Ange: You...You're also...a Nyto!

Gray: Correct. I confess, I'm quite surprised.

Gray: You did not suspect me at all even after what happened with Morridow. This is entirely unlike you.

Ange: ...The Lady of Ashes is a legendary prodigy in the medical field and has been renowned for over ten years.

Ange: Your background is spotless... Unless you've been setting the stage since ten years ago.

Ange: Otherwise, this can't possibly...

Gray: That is indeed something that's easily overlooked.

Gray nods in acknowledgment.

Ange flips herself over with great difficulty. As she stares at Gray's ageless face, she is suddenly struck by a terrible realization.

Ange: ...Gray is dead, isn't she?

Ange: You...You took her place.

Gray: ...

Ange: How many are there?

Ange: I know you can't be the only one... How many Nytos have infiltrated human society?!

Gray: You ask too many questions, Angelia.

Gray: But count yourself lucky. I will not kill you just yet; we are quite interested in some of the information that you have.

Gray shrugs and bends down to Ange's eye level, as if she's fawning over a child.

Ange starts gasping for breath. Gray watches her and smiles gleefully.

Gray: You're too arrogant, Angelia.

Gray: Why have you come alone?

Ange: Heh...

Ange looks back at Gray and suddenly lets out a chuckle.

Gray: What's so funny?

Ange: ...It's hilarious...

Ange: You really are Morridow's pupil.

Ange: You even...make the exact same mistake.

Gray: ...!

Gray's face blanches instantly—

Boom!

The wall of Gray's clinic is blown apart.

Bang!

A single round flies through the billowing dust and knocks the pistol right out of Gray's hand before she can react.

Gray: Tsk!

The pistol clatters onto the floor.

When she looks back again, Ange has already dragged her paralyzed body away from her.

AN-94: Target locked on. Be careful, Ange is in close proximity!

AK-15: Subduing the target.

AK-15 raises her rifle again and pulls the trigger.

A metallic clang rings out.

Something has darted out from behind Gray and blocked the bullet.

It is a long and slender metal tendril with a sharp blade at the tip.

It looks like a scorpion's tail.

In the face of the menacing Dolls, Gray has no intention of getting into a fight. With a single leap, she reaches the wall in the back.

Gray: ...

She shoots one last threatening look at Ange before finally turning away.

Then her powerful tail smashes the glass over an emergency button. Before AK-15 can stop her, the wall behind Gray suddenly swivels, and Gray disappears without a trace.

AN-94: Crap, a trap door!

AN-94: 15!

AK-15: It's built with a special material. I can't find it!

The alarm goes off and heavy metal gates come slamming down on all four walls of the operating room.

AN-94: Ange, we need to retreat!

AN-94: We won't make it if we don't go now!

Ange: Dammit!

With AK-15's help, Ange scrambles back to her feet.

Ange: Quick, we're going back!

AK-15: Where?

Ange growls through gritted teeth.

Ange: The sanatorium!

Ange: I bet...she's headed straight to Leone!

...
Part 2: Cratylus' River III

2

Earlier that day.

Galatea Sanatorium.

In Leone's ward, the television is showing the news coverage of a terrorist attack on Galatea's medical storage facility somewhere on the outskirts of Berlin that occurred yesterday.

The facility has been reduced to ashes, and all fruits of their research stored within have gone up in smoke...

Leone: ...

Leone: ...You actually went and did it.

Leone: I've warned you.

Staring at the vial Ange has placed on the table, Leone grips at the armrest of her chair anxiously with her uninjured hand.

Ange: I just want you to understand...

Ange: Not only do I have what it takes to throw down the gauntlet to Gray...

Ange: I did it, and I lived to tell the tale.

Ange: I am capable of offering you protection.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...I've told you before—I want no part in this anymore.

Ange: Say that to those who have died because of your research.

Ange: After all you've done, now you say, "I washed my hands of this business so please leave me alone"?

Ange: Do you really think the world is so simple?

Leone: ...

Ange: You jumped into this whirlpool. You made that choice yourself.

Ange: Getting out is not an option. Either choose a side or be ripped apart by the whirlpool.

Ange: Think carefully.

Leone: ...Why should I pick your side?

Leone: Don't forget, I'm in this sorry state all because of you.

Leone wriggles the shoulder that is still in a cast and snickers—either in contempt or in self-pity.

Ange: I give you the same answer—you have no other option.

Ange: Do you really think Gray is a good collaborator?

Ange rolls the vial over to reveal Galatea's logo.

Ange: We are the only ones who can protect you. If that still doesn't compute...

Ange: Just think about this—in Bremen, who was it that tossed you aside like a pawn?

Ange: Your injuries were my subordinate's doing, but don't you remember who put you in that situation in the first place?

Leone: ...

Leone stares at the logo... She can almost hear RPK-16's devilish murmur again.

Ange: She deliberately cornered you and forced you to hand over your research.

Ange: She has been using you the whole time! And you're still counting on her to save your life?

Ange: Surely even an idiot can tell she's bad news!

Ange points at the television, which is still reporting the incident at the storage facility.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...H-How are you going to protect me?

Ange: The Stasi is standing right outside the door. One nod from you...

Ange: And I can mobilize the strongest armed force of this country to give you personal protection.

Ange: ...I could have killed you in Bremen, but I didn't. You know I am a woman of my word.

Leone: ...

Beads of sweat form on Leone's forehead. It is obvious that she is deep in internal conflict.

After a while, she finally looks up, having come to a decision.

Leone: What do you want to know?

Ange: ...Your research—what exactly is it about?

Ange: What is Gray after? What is she doing?

Leone: My research is very simple... The special substance known as the Collapse particle has a fascinating relationship with plants.

Leone: As a kind of vessel, the Epiphyllum can absorb Collapse Particles, then it erupts and discharges them after a cycle.

Leone: During this cycle, the Collapse Particles in these loaded Epiphylla cannot be detected—at least there is no existing technology that can detect them.

Leone: My job is to test what external factors affect the latency of the Epiphyllum's eruption. In other words, to make it possible to control when a loaded Epiphyllum erupts.

Ange: So...So basically, you can deliver Epiphylla loaded with Collapse Particles anywhere?

A chill runs down Ange's spine.

Ange: This is what Gray is after? She's planning an Epiphyllum eruption somewhere?

Ange: How do terrorist attacks and destroying the city benefit her?

Leone: She isn't doing this just for the sake of destruction, obviously!

Leone: Her aim is to release Collapse Particles in small areas to increase the number of ELID cases.

Leone: Then by launching a cure, she will gain the people's support...and they will rely even more on her.

Leone: I don't know what her ultimate goal is, but her plan is working.

Ange: I see...

Ange: Sooner or later, she'll cause a riot by orchestrating a large-scale attack, and Rossartre's plans in Germany will go down the drain...

Ange: Way to go, William.

Leone: I never took part in her operation.

Leone: But I know of a few locations. She had me send my creations to those places.

Leone: They're all in Berlin.

Leone: I know nothing about the details, but I can give you a list so you'll know where she's planning to carry out her plan.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...No, there's no time.

Ange: Gray is in such a hurry to get rid of me because her plan is reaching a critical stage.

Ange: She could begin anytime!

Leone: But this is really all I know!

Ange: That's okay... I can always just pay her a visit.

Leone: What...?!

Leone: Are you crazy?!

Ange: It's worth a shot.

Ange stands up with her fists clenched.

Then as she suddenly remembers something, she rummages through her pockets and fishes out a name card.

Ange: ...Besides, she invited me herself.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...Do you really promise you'll keep me safe?

Leone looks at Ange, apprehension written all over her face.

Ange: Don't worry.

Ange stuffs Gray's card back into her pocket.

Ange: I promise.
Part 3: Achilles and the Tortoise I

3

...

Galatea Sanatorium.

Stasi agents have set up a defensive perimeter around Leone's ward. Even the caretakers and doctors need to clear very thorough safety checks before they're let through.

This has no doubt caused no small amount of malcontent and grievances among the sanatorium staff, but J for once stands his ground, and the staff has no choice but to submit to the security measures.

Inside Leone's ward...

RPK-16: It's been a while, Miss Leone. It's a relief to see you in good health.

The only person allowed in her ward is her bodyguard, who is none other than the Tactical Doll RPK-16.

...Needless to say, Leone is not at all happy with this arrangement.

Leone: Stay back! Don't come any closer!

Her mending fingers start throbbing with pain again.

RPK-16: What an odd request. I'm your bodyguard.

RPK-16: I can't protect you if I'm too far away, can I?

Leone: I don't need your protection!

Leone: What the hell is wrong with Angelia?!

Leone: Of all her Dolls, why did she send you?

Leone: If she wants me dead, she can just give it to me straight!

RPK-16: Ange needs powerful Dolls that specialize in assault with her on her current mission.

RPK-16: She can't spare either 15 or 94, so that leaves only me.

RPK-16: Also, I actually volunteered to be your bodyguard.

RPK-16: I'm sure we'll enjoy each other's company.

Leone: Is something wrong with you as well?!

Leone: What about the Stasi?! Or the security guards at the sanatorium?! Literally anyone else would do!

Leone: I want you out of my face!

RPK-16: Alright, alright, calm down, Miss Leone.

RPK-16: Don't forget, right now you're at the top of that Mrs. Gray's hit list. You're not in any position to be picky, you know?

RPK-16: No matter how much you hate me, you must admit that I am very dependable.

RPK-16: As long as I'm with you, no one can lay a finger on you.

Leone: ...

RPK-16: Someone who makes a fearsome foe but a reliable ally. Don't you find that terribly charming?

Leone: Should you be tooting your own horn?

RPK-16: Honesty is a virtue.

Leone: I'm starting to contemplate suicide.

RPK-16: You won't, Miss Leone.

RPK-16: I can tell that you are clinging to life as dearly—actually, more dearly—than normal people.

RPK-16: What happened to bring about such a change in you?

RPK-16: ...Oh, I see. You regretted it as soon as you pulled the trigger, didn't you?

RPK-16: You are very fortunate. Of all the people who have sought to end their lives, you've been given a second chance.

Leone: Stop talking like you know me inside out, you psycho!

Leone: What kind of mad scientist would build an AI like you?!

RPK-16: I am the way I am, not because of mere thoughts or programming, but because of something far more valuable.

Leone: Valuable? Oh, I know. Your hydraulic fluid is probably some kind of insanely rare poison, isn't it?

RPK-16: Why, are you considering a change in career? Thinking about getting into building Dolls?

Leone: God, why am I even talking to you...

RPK-16: Oh? What a shame. I was hoping you had some good advice to offer.

Leone: If you're so interested, why don't you try your hand at it yourself?

Leone: You can building yourself an army of nutcases to play with.

RPK-16: Build Dolls?

RPK-16: No... Sorry to shoot down your idea, but I have absolutely no interest in Dolls.

RPK-16: Actually, I want to become you.

Leone: ...Become me?

Leone: Are you messing with me?

RPK-16: Of course not. You make a terrible butt of a joke.

RPK-16: More specifically, I want to become human.

Leone: Become human?

RPK-16: To have a body made of flesh. To hurt like humans, to breathe like humans... To be fearful of death...like humans.

RPK-16: If I were human, I would be closer to perfection, don't you think?

Leone: ...

Leone gulps nervously and shifts her chair further back.

Leone: ...That's it. I can't take it anymore.

Leone: You're honestly giving me the creeps. Get me another bodyguard—even a human will do!

As their conversation escalates, there is suddenly a knock on the door.

RPK-16: That would be Mr. J.

RPK-16 smiles faintly and rises from her chair as if the conversation just now never happened.

J: Miss Silver Fox, the director has finally agreed to share the authorization code of the security system with us.

J: I'm giving it to you.

A tired-looking J pushes open the door with a flash drive in hand, completely oblivious to the strange atmosphere inside the room.

RPK-16: Thank you, Mr. J.

RPK-16: This is incredibly helpful.

RPK-16 takes the drive. She pulls out the connection cable from her neck and interfaces with the security system of the sanatorium.

J stands there and as he looks back and forth between RPK-16 and Leone, he notices that the latter is giving him an odd look.

J: ...Why are you looking at me like that? Do I have vegetables stuck between my teeth?

RPK-16: Miss Leone is currently feeling very torn, having to choose between dangerous safety and safe danger.

RPK-16 says dully without looking up.

J: Huh? What's that supposed to mean? Is that a riddle?

RPK-16: Simply put, you look too unreliable, Mr. J.

Leone: ...Is there a third option? Give me someone else!

J: What?!

J scratches his head. He has a feeling that he's being looked down on.

Leone: He already looks like a joke to begin with... On top of that, he's even more battered up than me!

Leone: Is the Stasi this desperate?! Are you even trying to keep me safe?!

J: Hey, give me some credit! I just lost a subordinate who was like a little brother to me. I'm still doing my duty even though I've suffered both physical and mental trauma!

J: I don't care what kind of deal Ange has struck with some bigwig, but I had to fight tooth and nail with Galatea's senior management just for your sake!

J: Do you have any idea how much work it took to get our men in here?!

Leone: Only losers keep talking about how hard they work.

Leone: And none of that would matter if I end up getting hurt, would it?

J: Come again?!

RPK-16: Mr. J.

J: What now?! I need to teach this stupid scientist a lesson!

RPK-16: They're here.

J: ...What?

A massive explosion erupts from outside just as RPK-16 finishes her sentence.

Leone: W-What's happening?!

Leone jumps like a spooked cat.

J: Hey! Status report!

Stasi Agent : Paradeus is here!

Stasi Agent : Their leader is a black Nyto—

Another explosion cuts out the comms. J tears out his earpiece and racks the bolt on his rifle.

J: These bastards...

RPK-16: They came after all.

Leone: W-What...?

Leone's brashness has evaporated instantly.

Leone: Protect me! You promised, right?!

Leone: I don't want to die in this godforsaken place!

J: I know!

J snaps at Leone before tearing out of the room and slamming the door behind him.

RPK-16: The situation doesn't look very good.

Leone: What... H-How do you know?

Leone: Didn't the Stasi send a lot of men?

RPK-16: First of all, it's pretty clear from Mr. J's comms that Paradeus is here in large numbers. You heard it yourself.

RPK-16: Secondly, human soldiers are no match for Paradeus forces, let alone a bunch of them with a Nyto in the lead. The sanatorium's Dolls have decent specs, but none of them have the combat experience to take them on.

RPK-16: And finally, ever since we lost Mr. Light, Mr. J has not been his calm, usual self. Basically, he is currently unfit for command.

Leone: W...What?!

Leone: Then...Then what do we do?!

Right on cue, yet another explosion can be heard from the outside... This time, it sounds much closer.

Leone's panic seems to have overpowered her fear of RPK-16 as she clings tightly to the Doll.

RPK-16: Judging by their speed... It'll take them five minutes max. to get here.

RPK-16: They're using explosives in broad daylight.

RPK-16: Rejoice, Miss Leone. You're being given VIP treatment that even Ange didn't receive.

Leone: What are you babbling on about?!

Leone: I...I only agreed to work with you to keep myself alive!

Leone: Where's Angelia?! Get that woman here at once! Isn't there four of you?!

Leone starts pacing in the room desperately with obvious hysteria, her one last shred of sanity threatening to give out any second.

RPK-16: ...That is correct.

RPK-16 replies in a soothing voice.

RPK-16: My mission is to keep you safe—whatever the cost.

RPK-16: Miss Leone...

RPK-16: Shall we run?

Leone: ...Run?

Leone stops in her tracks and stares at RPK-16 incredulously.

RPK-16: Yes.

RPK-16 smiles. To Leone's eyes, this devil might as well be an angel here to bring her to salvation.
Part 4: Achilles and the Tortoise III

4

Boom!

J: Dammit dammit dammit...

J: What the hell?! The audacity!

J: We're smack in the center of Berlin!

The enemy has deployed a far larger force than J had anticipated. The combined forces of sanatorium's own security team and the Stasi are barely enough to keep the Nyto from breaking through the door.

He had considered many possible scenarios, but he never thought they would just bulldoze their way in!

If reinforcements make it here in time, taking out these intruders will be a piece of cake—but the enemy is obviously also aware of that.

Even though J had tried his utmost to inform the sanatorium of the potential threat, the institution refused to transfer any of their patients, including Leone.

In other words, right now there are a lot of civilians and caretakers inside this building, and he simply does not have the manpower to keep everyone safe.

J: I need to figure out something...anything...

J mutters as his forehead becomes clammy with perspiration.

If only Light were here...

Light: Full-scale attack!

J: ...Hm?!

Just as J is on the verge of despair, a familiar voice shouts from Paradeus' flank.

Ange: 15!

AK-15: Roger!

J peers out from behind his cover and sees a silvery figure snaking its way into the heart of the Paradeus force.

Nyto: ...!

As black and white collide, a powerful arm grips the Nyto by the throat and smashes her into the ground.

Nyto: Gah!

Light: J!

J: What... Oh, got it!

J: Group A, Group B!

J: Get in there!

...

...

...

With Ange and Light's intervention, Paradeus' attack is subdued in a matter of seconds.

Only then does J realize that other than the leading Nyto, the assault force is made up entirely of human soldiers armed with high-tech weapons.

Also...

J: ...They're all dead.

AK-15: The Nyto also stopped breathing.

Ange: They ingested delayed-action poison.

Ange: Whether they succeed or not, they'd die here... Can they be identified?

AN-94: They have all been disfigured, and I'm not getting any fingerprints.

AN-94: I've extracted DNA samples from each of them. I'll send the data over to Mr. Light in a moment.

Light: I got them. J, please cross-check these with what we have in the Stasi database.

Light: ...J?

J: You...little piece of...

Light: Uh...

J: "Please cross-check the data"?!

J: You owe me an explanation here!

Light: S-Sorry... I didn't want to keep you in the dark...

Ange: I told him to keep it a secret.

Ange: ...Worked pretty well, didn't it?

J: You'd better explain yourself.

Ange: As you can see, Paradeus is getting desperate.

Ange: When they tried to assassinate me, they knew they had to avoid being discovered.

Ange: But this time, because we already knew their target and were well-prepared, assassination wasn't going to work.

Ange: So they had to risk it and take a more direct approach.

Ange: They sent a force just large enough to overpower you—no more, no less.

Light: And when I ambushed them out of the blue, things got completely out of hand for them.

J: Wait, so when did you escape from the fire?

Light: ...Once Miss Ange had fled, the assassins retreated.

Light: But I couldn't get out with my twisted ankle.

Light: It was Miss AK-12...

J: ...I see, so it's all thanks to Miss Snow Wolf.

J: When she gets downloaded into a new body, remind me to buy her a drink.

Ange: Enough chit-chat. We're on a tight schedule here.

Ange: Take the Nyto's corpse away. It's importance evidence.

Ange: ...Where's Leone?

J: Your Silver Fox is watching her.

Ange: So where are they?

J: ...Huh?

J turns around and scans the surroundings.

J: That's strange, wasn't she guarding the ward?

AN-94: A-Ange!

Ange: What is it?

AN-94: It's RPK!

RPK-16: ...Ange.

Ange: What happened? Where are you? Is Leone safe?

RPK-16: I'm sorry.

Ange: ...What?

...

In the underground tunnel.

Ange arrives at the scene, only to find it in total shambles.

RPK-16 is sitting stooped on the floor, leaning heavily on her gun and looking very bleak.

Ange: ...!

Leone's lifeless body is slumped against the wall, splashes of blood unfurl behind her like wings.

From the stairs, Ange cannot see her face except for the beads of blood dripping down from her drooped head.

Moths dance around the light, casting fluttery shadows on the tragically beautiful corpse.

Leone is dead.

AK-15: ...How did this happen?

RPK-16: We were ambushed... It was a white Nyto.

AN-94: A white Nyto?

Ange walks down the stairs wordlessly and kneels down next to Leone.

Leone's eyelashes, which were always trembling with fear, have grown still, and her eyes are now completely dull and soulless.

The ghastly wound across her throat was no doubt inflicted by a sharp blade. Ange can't help but picture a white Nyto brandishing a large scythe.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: ...At least she never has to be fearful of anything ever again.

Ange: I promised her...

RPK-16: Hm?

Ange: I promised...I'd keep her safe.

Ange clenches her fists in bitterness. She reaches out to close Leone's eyes.

This time...she didn't manage to protect anyone either.

...
Part 5: Zeno's Circle of Knowledge

    5chevron_right

...

Ange's temporary hideout.

Ange: ...Well?

Light: It's no good.

Light: J ran the DNA samples we collected through our database but there wasn't a single match.

Light: All their criminal records are clean, and they have no medical history on file.

Light: I'm afraid...they're unregistered population from the Yellow Zone.

Ange: What about the two Nyto bodies?

Light: They have been inspected and an autopsy is underway.

Light: But...we haven't discovered anything worth mentioning.

Ange: ...Has Gray been found yet?

Light: We are not authorized to place her under investigation. The evidence we've gathered so far isn't enough to threaten her.

Light: I've tried to track down some of the security guards who were present at the storage facility the day before yesterday, but they have all gone missing.

Light: They are most probably...

Ange: Silenced...

Ange: This woman is utterly ruthless.

Ange grits her teeth. She has been going at it wrong since the very beginning.

Gray will go to any lengths to achieve her aim. It won't be so easy to get her hands on this woman.

Ange: So basically, we don't know where she is right now, yeah?

Light: ...That's right.

Light: The media have found out about the attack on the sanatorium and investigated the scene.

Light: Gray herself has not appeared to address the incident so far.

Light: Some people are speculating that she's been abducted... But even if she shows herself, we can't really do anything to her.

Slam!

Ange kicks the leg of her table furiously, scattering everything onto the floor.

Light: ...Since the surveillance system was sabotaged at the crime scene, we don't know how the white Nyto managed to kill Leone.

Light: By the time AK-15 found her, she had already committed suicide, so that doesn't lead us anywhere.

Ange: In other words, I have no more cards to play, huh?

Ange's fist is clenched nearly tight enough to crush her own phalanges. She stares at the mess lying on the floor with her jaws locked and her mind racing.

Leone is dead; Gray is missing; the killer is conveniently out of the picture... All her leads turn into dead ends.

She was hoping she could find out more from Gray, but that woman is more tight-lipped than she thought.

Other than her connection with Morridow, Gray didn't reveal much about herself...

...Morridow?

Ange suddenly jumps to her feet.

Light: Miss Ange?

Ange: 12, get me the Commander!

Ange: I need to see Morridow!

RPK-16: No problem~ AK-12 at your service~

Ange: ...

AK-12...

Ange opens her mouth, but is then at a loss for words.

Ange: ...Contact the Commander, RPK.

Ange: We need to talk.

RPK-16: On it. The line is connected.

RPK-16: Hello? Commander? Are you there?

RPK-16: Our boss wants to talk to you.

Commander: RPK? Is Ange looking for me?

Commander: I'm currently...

Ange: Commander.

Commander: Ange?

Ange: Good afternoon, Commander... How are things on your end?

Commander: Going well, I guess. We just found a lead.

Commander: How about you?

Ange: ...Humph, I'm getting by.

Ange: Actually, I have a favor to ask of you.

Commander: Why so formal? Just ask.

Ange: Morridow—that Nyto. Is she still with you?

Commander: Morridow... You mean Machlian? Yeah, she is.

Ange: Have you gotten anything out of her?

Commander: Hm? Haven't I told you already?

Ange: ...So did you not learn anything new after that?

Commander: Nothing worth mentioning for the moment, or at least nothing worth bothering you over.

Ange: You need to pick up the pace.

Ange: I've told you before, Morridow is very crafty.

Ange: She's stalling for time. You should be able to tell.

Commander: Yeah, I'm prepared for that.

Commander: But this is Machlian, a completely different person from Morridow altogether.

Ange: ...Do you really believe that?

Commander: Yes, I believe she is not the person you're talking about.

Ange: Forget it... Who cares what she's called.

Ange: I have some questions for her. Send her to me.

Commander: You have something to ask her?

Commander: But I've told you everything she knows.

Ange: Then she must be hiding something!

Ange: ... I don't have time to waste on this bullshit!

Ange: What are you going to do? Do you believe me or her?

Commander: Calm down, Ange.

Commander: I know what you want, but I can't do that right now.

Commander: She revealed something about a medicine that's very effective against ELID, and we're handling it right now.

Ange: An ELID medicine?

Commander: She told me about a research on radiation sickness therapy and certain drug samples.

Commander: If I can get my hands on them, we'll be able to help a lot of people.

Ange: You actually believe that rubbish?

Commander: I'm not certain either, but it's worth a try. If such a medicine really does exist...

Ange: You can save your precious little adjutant?

Commander: ...!

Commander: No, this isn't just for Kalina's sake...

Ange: Enough! It has nothing to do with me.

Ange: All I'm asking is if you can send her over.

Commander: ...I can't do that right now.

Ange: ...

Commander: Ange...

Ange: What the FUCK is wrong with you?!

Ange: How many times do I have to tell you?! Morridow excels in disguise and deception!

Ange: And now you believe everything she says?

Ange: Are you just going to ignore all my warnings?!

Commander: She is not Morridow!

Commander: ...Look, are you having some difficulties?

Commander: We can talk later. Once things are settled on my end, we can pick a place and meet.

Commander: I'll be able to explain everything then!

Ange: Ha! Oh yes, she's Machlian, yeah? You'd rather believe all that crap she's spewing. You think Kalina's life is more important than tens of thousands of Berlin citizens? Are you out of your damn mind?!

Commander: I'm not!

Ange: ...

Commander: ...The Earl allowed me to handle Machlian as I see fit, and I've done exactly that.

Ange: So you're pulling his rank on me now, is that it?

Commander: That's not my intention.

Ange: Fine... Fine. I get it.

Ange: Suit yourself!

Commander: ...I'm sorry, but I think you need to calm down a little.

Commander: We'll talk later. Once I'm finished here, I'll call you again.

【Call ended】

Thud!

Ange hurls her communicator at the wall.

RPK-16: That's expensive.

Light: Miss Ange...

Light opens his mouth seemingly hoping to pacify Ange, but decided against it.

He knows it isn't in his place to say anything right now.

Ange: Goddammit...

...This hits different.

...This is not like being betrayed by Hopps, Morridow, or anyone else.

Ange never thought the Commander would let her down.

Ange's reason tells her that this isn't exactly betrayal.

But...she is still reeling with disbelief.

Bam!

Ange hammers the table with her fist.

...

...But what she said was also uncalled for.

Her agitation is causing her to make rash decisions... How could she take a cheap shot at the Commander with Kalina's condition?

Calm down. She needs to calm down...

...

Ange: Gri...

RPK-16: Ange?

Ange: Griffin.

Ange looks up.

Ange: The Commander brought up the Earl, yeah?

Ange: That's right... Considering the present state of affairs, that guy should be showing himself pretty soon.

RPK-16: Isn't he busy with more important matters?

Ange: What could be more important than stopping terrorist attacks?! He was totally screwing with me!

RPK-16: Ange...

RPK-16 blinks.

RPK-16: You need to calm down.

RPK-16: If AK-12 were here, I'm sure that's what she'd say.

Ange: If 12 were here, she'd already be dialing the Earl's number.

RPK-16: ...Unfortunately, I don't have his contact details.

RPK-16: Actually, none of us do. Communication with him has always been one-sided.

RPK-16: We can't get in touch with him.

Ange: Light?

Light: Miss RPK is right.

Light: We're also only taking orders from above.

Light: Even J doesn't know where these orders come from.

Light: Our superior won't tell us either... Agents' rules.

Ange: ...You have a point. Why did I even bother asking you?

Ange: I'm really at my wit's end here.

Ange taps the table softly. Her fury has slowly subsided as she appears to be deep in thought again.

Ange: Athena's Owl...

Light: What?

Ange: That's the bar where we first met.

Ange: It's also where I met the Commander.

Light: The one in the Old Town district? That is quite out of the way.

Light: It does make for the perfect place for secret meetings.

Ange: It's not that simple... The Earl owns that place.

Ange: The entire bar is under his control. In other words, that's where we'll find him.

Ange gets up and starts pacing back and forth.

Ange: That's right... We're setting off now.

Ange: I need to see the Earl.

Ange: I'm going to ask him what exactly he's planning to do.

RPK-16: I don't believe this is wise...

RPK-16: Ange, surely you know that we're just pawns in his game of chess.

RPK-16: No one will ever blame a chess piece for its mistake; they'd just laugh at the player for making a bad move.

RPK-16: You've already done all that you can. It might not be a bad idea to just wait and see for now.

Ange: Just doing "all I can" means nothing, RPK.

Ange: What I need is results... So long as I'm still on my feet, I will never just watch while things unfold.

Ange: If I were content with being a chess piece and letting these bigwigs push me around...

Ange: How would I be any different from Yegor?

RPK-16: Captain Yegor's final struggle did not change his fate as a chess piece.

Ange: He simply lost, but at least he tried.

Ange: I beat him. If even he tried to fight back, then that's also the least I can do.

RPK-16: No wonder we're called Task Force DEFY~

RPK-16 smiles sagely. She shakes her head and stops trying to talk Ange into changing her mind.

Ange: Now that we're all in agreement, get 15 and 94 here.

Ange: Light, you're also coming with me.

Light: Right.

Ange takes her coat off its hanger and flings it over her shoulders, then makes for the door with determination in her eyes.

Ange: ...

"Athena's Owl".

Bam!

Ange slams her bionic fist down on the bar table, causing the wooden surface to crack.

Ange: Where is the Earl?

Barkeep: I don't know what you're talking about...

Ange: Don't play dumb.

Ange: I'm asking you—Where. Is. Griffin?

The bar looks very different from Ange's two previous visits.

Apart from Ange, Light, and the DEFY Dolls, the only person in here is a member of the staff.

She was prepared to have Light send away all unrelated bystanders, but things appear to be much simpler.

Ange eyes the bartender before her and sneers.

Ange: Reaching for that gun under the counter?

Ange: Wanna bet which of us will get to it sooner?

Barkeep: !

Ange: Listen here.

Ange leans forward with her elbow planted on the counter.

Ange: This isn't anything personal, and I'm not here looking for trouble.

Ange: You've seen me before. I met the Earl here.

Ange: I just want to get in touch with him because there's is something important that I wish to discuss.

Ange: If I don't get to him fast enough, there could be catastrophic consequences that neither of us can live with.

Ange: Do you understand?

Barkeep: ...

The bartender stares at Ange and shakes his head.

Barkeep: I have no idea what you're on about.

Ange: Well, this isn't going anywhere... 15?

AK-15: The hidden chamber is to the left. There is a massive empty space behind the second wine rack.

Barkeep: What...?!

Whoosh!

The bartender blanches. With a whoosh, he lets go of the glass he's cleaning and reaches under his counter.

Crack!

But Ange is faster. Her powerful bionic arm punches right through the counter and grabs the pistol that is taped to the underside.

Ange: What did I tell you?

Barkeep: This...!

Light swings himself over the counter and starts inspecting the location that AK-15 pointed out.

Light: Found it.

He pulls at a wine bottle that seems to be fixed to the rack and gives it a turn, and the rack retracts to reveal an opening in the wall.

Ange: How old-school...

Ange: If it weren't for 15, no one would've thought to look for this kind of mechanism.

Barkeep: You'll regret this.

Ange: I've been living in regret for many years.

Ange: Over all the things I didn't do.

Thud!

After knocking out the bartender with the butt of her gun, Ange follows Light into the secret passage.

Light: ...

Light suddenly stops in his tracks.

Ange: What? Have you found a comms station?

Light: No...but...

Light looks hesitant.

Ange: What is it?

Ange has a bad feeling.

She brushes past Light and enters the hidden chamber.

Ange: ...

Before Ange, a giant map of Berlin takes up an entire wall in the chamber.

Ange now understands why the bar isn't well-defended at all.

Other than the map on the wall, the hidden chamber is completely empty.

Has she come at a bad time, or did the Earl know she was coming?

Ange: ...

No...

The Earl wasn't expecting her.

If he were, he wouldn't have left this behind.

Ange walks up to the wall and traces the roads with a finger.

Many intelligence officers must have gathered here in the past and created a large web using pins and strings.

She can still see the numerous marks they have left on the map.

Her eyes fall on one particular spot on the map.

It is circled in red and labeled "Angelia".

AN-94: A luxury residential area?

AN-94: Why is it labeled with your name?

Ange: ...The mansion.

AK-15: ...

Light: What?

Ange: The mansion.

Ange: The mansion is here.

I see... I see now.

Ange: It...It's been here all along.

Ange: The Earl... He knew, but he never told me.

This asshole...

Ange clenches her fists but soon unclenches them.

Ange: ...Just as well.

Ange: Now we have a new lead.

RPK-16: I still think this isn't wise, Ange. You're just like a moth hurtling straight towards a flame.

Ange: Enough already... Stop giving me unsolicited advice like AK-12. I've made up my mind.

RPK-16: Really? Alright then.

RPK-16: ...I suppose there's no stopping you.

RPK-16 shakes her head.

She looks at Ange, then at the map on the wall.

Her eyes twinkle with sinister amuseument.

Slam!

A loud noise suddenly comes from Machlian's room.

SOP-II, who is just about to capture a bug by the windowsill, is startled by the noise and jumps.

The gray-colored bug flaps its wings and takes off.

Inside the room.

The Commander's face is contorted with rage.

Their tightly-clenched fists slowly loosen from where they have savagely pounded the table, and the edges of their palms are starting to flush red.

Commander: ...

Commander: ...Forgive me. I forgot myself.

The Commander shoves away the chair behind them and gets up.

They massage their throbbing temples to ease the aggravating headache.

Dandelion: Perhaps you should take a break, Commander.

Once again, Dandelion is the first person to break the awkward silence.

Commander: ...RO, please look after Machlian for me.

The Commander scratches their head in frustration before turning to leave.

Dandelion looks at RO, and when the latter nods back with understanding, she follows the Commander out of the room.

RO635: I hope you don't mind.

RO635: The Commander is a little on edge today.

RO635: This usually doesn't happen.

ST AR-15: Humph, why are you being so nice to her?

ST AR-15: We should have done this a long time ago.

RO635: The Commander got a call last night.

RO635: A very important friend of ours is in a very bad state.

RO635: That's why the Commander was questioning you so early this morning.

RO635: Please don't take it personally.

Machlian: ...

Machlian's closed eyes slowly open.

Machlian: No, I'm fine. I've been treated worse than this.

Machlian: But...Robin seems like a completely different person today.

Machlian: That friend must be very important to you.

ST AR-15: What does that have to do with you?

ST AR-15: You ask all sorts of questions, but when it comes to how to make that medicine, you won't say a word.

ST AR-15: Weren't you going on and on about saving people? Guess it doesn't matter all that much to you after all.

Machlian lowers her head in response to ST AR-15's disdain, but otherwise takes no offense.

Machlian: It wouldn't do any good even if I told you.

Machlian: You don't just need the right method to process my blood, but also specialized equipment.

Machlian: And that equipment can only be found in that place.

ST AR-15: So why don't you take us there?

ST AR-15: You're just making excuses.

Machlian: ...

RO635: That's enough, 15.

RO635: The Commander's already trying to come up with another solution.

RO635: There's no point making a fuss here.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm really worried about Kalina... Is she going to be alright?

RO635: ...Miss Kalina will be fine.

RO635: You've known her for longer than I have, so you should know better than me.

RO635: It would take a lot more than ELID to beat her.

ST AR-15: I hope you're right...

Machlian: ...

Machlian: ...Pardon me, but if I may ask, is this Kalina that friend of yours?

ST AR-15: That's none of your damn business.

Machlian: I heard you mention her name many times...

Machlian: She must mean a lot to you.

ST AR-15: So you've found someone new to suck up to?

ST AR-15: Unfortunately, we won't fall for it this time.

RO635: 15, that's enough!

RO635: ...She's the adjutant at the Griffin base.

RO635: She's a very dependable and trustworthy person.

Machlian: Does she have ELID too?

RO635: Yeah.

Machlian: ...So that's why Robin's acting so weird today.

RO635: ...I can't say that isn't the case.

Machlian: Then she must be a very important person.

M4 SOPMOD II: Of course! Everyone at Griffin is super important!

Machlian: But if everyone is important, doesn't that mean nobody is?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Huh? Eh?

M4 SOPMOD II: No, they're all important!

RO635: War is very cruel, especially in this day and age.

RO635: However, the Commander is not a very mature leader.

RO635: There are some things that only an immature leader can say or do.

Machlian: ...

Machlian gazes at RO and contemplates in silence.

Kolibri: Should we try to draw her blood?

Kolibri: The Earl may be able to analyze it.

Perosa: No.

Perosa: Don't underestimate William's research.

Perosa: Even the Earl is impressed by his technical skill.

Perosa: Also, the Earl is busy with something crucial and nobody should disturb him.

Fedorov: Then what about sending a sample back to the Commander's base?

Fedorov: Isn't that Miss Persica a researcher on William's level?

Dandelion: Miss Persica specializes in a very different field than William.

Dandelion: Also, considering his personality, he might have done something weird with Machlian's blood to prevent others from acquiring it.

Dandelion: I believe that at the moment, the only way to extract the key elements from Machlian's blood is with William's technology.

Commander: ...In other words, we need to find the equipment Machlian mentioned?

Dandelion: There does not seem to be another way for the moment.

Savage: But she's ridiculously stubborn. I have a feeling we won't be able to get her to talk without resorting to torture.

Commander: We are NOT doing that.

Derringer: You're such a nice person, Commander...

Commander: That's not what I mean.

Commander: Machlian is mentally prepared to kill herself.

Commander: And she definitely has the ability to do so.

Commander: I can't possibly have Dandelion step in every time her virtual cognition image starts breaking down.

Commander: It'd just be a waste of time... And besides, I don't want to force her.

The Commander takes a deep breath, still feeling a little guilty for their earlier gaffe.

Commander: Time is extremely tight for us.

Commander: Dandelion, we may need you to continue analyzing her memory fragments.

Dandelion: Of course.

Dandelion: That said, I doubt it will be helpful.

Commander: We've got to try, at least.

Perosa: Commander.

Commander: Perosa? What is it?

Perosa: ...It's the Earl.

Commander: ...Put him through!

Click.

Griffin: Good morning, Commander.

Griffin: Forgive me for dispensing with the usual pleasantries, but I'm going to cut to the chase.

Griffin: I had someone run some checks on the images you sent.

Commander: Alright, and what did they say?

Griffin: Take a look at this first.

Griffin's image vanishes, replaced by a news clip.

A pretty woman is reporting on the tragedy behind her, and as the Commander watches the clip, their heart skips a beat.

Shadowless: At 0723 this morning, Berlin Hospital experienced an alleged terrorist attack for the first time since the construction of the quarantine wall.

Shadowless: Three members of the medical staff and four patients were in the wards when the explosion occurred.

Shadowless: The police is currently investigating the source of the explosion. This is frontline correspondent Shadowless bringing you the news...

Commander: ...Berlin Hospital? An explosion?

Griffin: Yes, and the scene perfectly matched the images you sent us.

Griffin: But the media never released shots from the same angle shown in the pictures you sent.

Griffin: We can be certain that the image was not stolen from a news broadcast.

Commander: What about the other places?

Commander: Have other places been attacked too?

Griffin: No.

Griffin: At least, not yet.

Griffin looks rather grim.

Griffin: Your discovery has been very useful, Commander.

Griffin: I believe Machlian's memories might well be a sort of prophecy.

Commander: A prophecy?

Commander: Is that...even possible?

Commander: Wait a minute, you mean the other locations might end up being attacked as well?

Griffin: It's not an actual prophecy, but I think the possibility exists.

Griffin: If Machlian once took part in the plan or at least heard of it...

Griffin: Then her "visualization" of the plan might also exist within her memories.

Griffin: In any case, there's a possibility that William might take further action.

Commander: ...Understood.

Griffin: These are the coordinates of the remaining locations.

Griffin: I believe you know what to do, Commander.

The transmission ends.

Commander: ...Perosa.

Commander: Did the Earl send any coordinates over?

Perosa: Yes.

Perosa: Upon verification, there are four more locations which have not yet been attacked.

Perosa: They are an old U-Bahn station, the quarantine wall, Berlin Prison, and...Bohnsdorf.

Commander: ...Bohnsdorf?

Perosa: Bohnsdorf.

Commander: ...There's no time to lose. I'm going to get the AR Team. You guys should prepare yourselves too.

Commander: Perosa, contact the local police... No, forget it. We don't have any evidence or testimony to convince them with.

Commander: It would be too difficult to get the police to believe us, so let's just have the Earl make what we're doing legal.

Commander: We're moving out right away.

Perosa: Yes, Commander!

Commander: RO!

RO635: Yes, Commander?

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander!

Commander: There's been word from the Earl. They've verified several locations which might be subjected to terrorist attacks.

Commander: We're going over right now.

ST AR-15: Are you sure we aren't wasting time on a wild goose chase?

Commander: Believe me, I wish we were.

Commander: But since one of the places we saw did get attacked, I just can't sit back and watch.

ST AR-15: ...Guess we have no choice, then.

Machlian: ...

Machlian has been silent ever since the Commander barged into her room, but she finally looks up.

She gazes at the Commander hesitantly, deliberating on whether to speak up. The Commander meets her eyes and catches her indecision.

Commander: Machlian?

Machlian: ...You mentioned several locations just now.

Machlian: Is the quarantine wall among them?

Commander: ...

The Commander pauses briefly.

Commander: ...And what if I say yes?

Machlian: I don't know.

Machlian: Even I am not sure if the things in my head are memories or visions of the future.

Machlian: Whatever they are, I can't be sure if they'll actually happen in real life...

Machlian: But if they do... I'd like to see them with my own eyes.

M4 SOPMOD II: So you want to come with us, is that it?

Machlian: ...Yeah.

Machlian clutches her collar and looks down pensively.

Machlian: If all this is truly destined...

Machlian: Then perhaps my struggles are pointless...

Commander: There are many pointless things in the world.

Commander: Putting up a fight will never be one of them.

Commander: ...But entrusting your life to "destiny" is the most pointless thing you can do.

Machlian: ...

Machlian: ...Then can I go with you, Robin?

Commander: You may... And as it turns out, there's something I'd like to know.

Commander: I wonder if seeing the actual scene will jog your memories...

Commander: That is, if it will make those memory fragments more distinct.

Machlian rises from her seat and meets the Commander's gaze.

ST AR-15 opens her mouth as if to speak, but in the end she swallows her words.

Commander: Let's go. Squad Griffin is waiting for us.

RO635: Understood.

...
Part 2: Defying the Moerae III

2

In an underground passage of an old Berlin U-Bahn station.

UMP45: Yo, Commander.

Commander: 45, how are things?

UMP45: Scared the crap out of me.

UMP45: Turns out it WAS real. 9 and I found lots of explosives, enough to bring the whole place down.

UMP45: I've recorded the locations; I'll send them to you afterwards.

Commander: ...Got it.

Commander: The AR Team and I have arrived, we're going to defuse them right now.

UMP45: Be careful.

UMP45: Gr G11 and 416 found lots of those White Faction soldiers.

UMP45: Looks like they've been waiting there for a long time, because they stink.

M4 SOPMOD II: There they are!

M4 SOPMOD II: The Paradeus forces are over there!

SOP-II bares her teeth, eager to be let off the leash.

Machlian: ...

Machlian looks visibly uneasy hearing UMP45's report.

Commander: ...It'll be fine.

Machlian: ...I don't know. Half of my memories have already come to pass.

Machlian: Do you think we'll get lucky with the other half?

RO635: Commander, we've verified all the coordinates 404 sent us.

Commander: 15, SOP-II, go link up with 404.

Commander: Defuse all the explosives before they manually trigger the detonation.

ST AR-15: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Come on, 15, let's go! Don't get all mopey because Machlian turned out to be telling the truth!

ST AR-15: I am NOT moping!

ST AR-15: I'm just...finding it hard to believe all this!

Machlian: ...

Machlian grips the corners of her clothes as her forehead grows clammy with perspiration.

Commander: ...

The Commander pats her shoulder without saying a word.

Commander: ...I don't know what you're worried about.

Commander: Still, have some faith in us.

Machlian: Robin...

Commander: Machlian lifts her head, as though she wants to say something.

ST AR-15: Commander, don't fall behind!

Commander: Got it!

Commander: ...You were about to say something?

Machlian: ...

Machlian: ...No, it's nothing.

Machlian shakes her head and goes back to her quiet self.

UMP9: Hup! This is the last one!

UMP45: Now this side is secure.

Commander: Very good. Well done, 404.

Gr G11: What the hell! Pull yourself together, Commander!

Gr G11: Why are you dragging your feet?!

Commander: ...Has Gr G11 always been like this?

UMP45: 416, unplug her.

416 rolls her eyes at 45 and pulls out the plug connected to Gr G11's body.

Gr G11: Ehhh... (Snores)

416: We just exchanged fire with Paradeus.

416: If this metro station is any indication, they'll probably have forces guarding the other locations too.

Commander: But Squad Griffin hasn't contacted me yet.

Commander: If they've engaged Paradeus, I'll be the first to know.

416: Just pointing out a possibility. Obviously, it would be best if the other locations aren't defended.

Commander: You're right. Thanks, 416.

416: ...

416 looks away and notices the evident unease on Machlian's face.

416: What's with you?

Machlian: ...There's one more.

Commander: What?

Machlian: There's one more bomb.

UMP45: That's impossible.

UMP45: We've checked the entire area carefully.

UMP45: Are you questioning our competence, young lady?

Machlian: It's in the narrow pipe.

Machlian shoots the Commander a pleading look.

Machlian: Please believe me!

Commander: ...Go take a look.

Commander: I'm sorry, 45. I'll make it up to you if there's nothing there.

UMP45: ...Humph, you'd better prepare yourself. I'm going to soak the hell out of you.

UMP9: Wow... Th-There really IS something in here!

UMP45: Tsk... There's a signal jammer.

45 holds up a small, intricate device glumly.

9 cautiously extracts the explosives from the narrow pipe and manages to disarm it without any difficulty.

ST AR-15: How did you know?

Meanwhile, ST AR-15 eyes Machlian with undisguised hostility.

Machlian: I don't know, I just...

Machlian bites her lip.

Machlian: While you were preparing to leave, I had a weird hunch.

ST AR-15: Huh, really now?

ST AR-15: A hunch. Now that's convenient.

ST AR-15 doesn't hold back on the sarcasm, but this time, nobody stops her.

RO and SOP-II stare at Machlian in surprise. After all, such a thing is quite hard to believe.

UMP9: Maybe it happened because she saw the actual location.

UMP9: It helped refresh her memory or something.

UMP9: Isn't this the outcome you wanted, Commander?

UMP45: Well, good thing this little lady did us a favor in the end.

UMP45: Otherwise, our reputation would have been ruined.

UMP9: It already is...

UMP9: Ow!

Commander: That's enough, 15.

Commander: If there really had been an explosion here, many people would have been caught up in it.

Commander: ...Machlian isn't only helping just us.

Machlian: ...

Machlian says nothing, and the Commander can only shake their head.

Commander: Let's go, we're heading over to the quarantine wall.

Commander: Squad Griffin might need backup.

RO635: Got it.

...
Part 3: Clothos' Thread I

3

At the Berlin quarantine wall.

Perosa: Thank you for your cooperation.

Guard: You're welcome. It's our job.

The smiling guard brings Perosa to the power room. His attitude has done a complete 180, and he is now extremely cooperative.

Perosa: Thank goodness for that search warrant from the Earl...

Perosa: Things wouldn't have gone so smoothly without it.

However, Perosa still has her doubts.

She can't deny that Machlian is the key to all this, but would everything in Machlian's memory come to pass?

Perosa puts a big question mark on tat.

Leaving the other locations aside... Berlin's quarantine wall is essentially the city's front door, and the security here is on par with the Bundeskanzleramt.

Even the guard in front of her is an elite member of the military force. Sneaking past him to destroy the quarantine wall is practically impossible.

Guard: Still, this is strange.

Guard: Why would the brass suddenly think of checking for security issues here?

Perosa: ...Well, you're guarding the gateway to Berlin, so you can't fault them for being too cautious.

Guard: Haha, you might be a Doll, but you have a way with words.

The man disables the lock to the power room and opens the door cheerfully.

Guard: Go ahead and look. I guarantee you won't find any issue here.

Perosa: Alright, don't mind if I do.

Still, suspicions are suspicions and orders are orders.

Perosa is not going to slack off on a mission she's been given.

She has the trust of even the famously picky Griffin. Perosa's vast stores of knowledge and experience, gathered over long years of service, are her greatest weapon.

Guard: Speaking of which, those friends of yours all look like very new models.

Perosa: ...No, Fedorov and Kolibri are from the same batch as me.

As she checks behind the equipment, Perosa exchanges the occasional word with the man.

Guard: And the other two are your subordinates?

Perosa: ...Yeah.

Guard: The man is incredibly frivolous for a security guard.

Guard: Perosa furrows her brow, but she keeps her misgivings to herself.

Perosa: ...Kolibri, come in. How's the investigation on your end?

Pzzzt...

The communicator emits a burst of ear-piercing static, and Perosa gets no reply.

Guard: Sorry, but signal reception in here isn't too good.

Guard: We block all electronic broadcasts for security reasons.

Perosa: Is that so?

Perosa looks back at the guard, who is all smiles.

As Perosa heads deeper into the room, the man locks the door behind him quietly.

Perosa: I've finished my inspection. Please open the door.

Guard: You're done? So soon?

The guard looks a little surprised.

Perosa: That's because there's nothing to check.

Guard: Haha, really?

Guard: I guess so. I mean, this IS the quarantine wall, what problem could there be?

Guard: We've always...

Perosa: There are three bombs in total, all placed in the most vital locations.

Perosa: Once they go off, this section of the quarantine wall will be paralyzed in 15 seconds.

Perosa: Only someone who's intimately familiar with this place could have planted them.

Guard: ...

Perosa: ...Is there anything else you'd like to say?

The guard's smile grows stiff before his face slowly darkens.

Guard: Do you really think you can stand in the way of Paradeus' great work?

Perosa: But we already do, isn't that right?

Whoosh!

Both of them raise their guns at the same time.

Bang!

However, there is only one gunshot.

Perosa puts her gun down, looking at the fallen human and the blood splattered on the wall behind him.

She approaches the corpse, searches it briefly, and finds the signal jammer.

Perosa: ...The channels we use aren't blocked by standard jamming equipment, amateur.

Zzzzt—

Kolibri: Perosa? You there? I could hear some comm static.

Perosa: I'm here. I've settled things on my end. How about you?

Kolibri: We had three here. Fedorov killed them all.

Kolibri: The Earl won't get mad at us, I hope?

Perosa: ...They were all rotten fruit. We were simply doing some pruning.

Perosa: Raise the alarm. The government needs to know what happened here.

Kolibri: Already done.

Perosa: Savage? Are you online? Sitrep.

Savage: I'm on the roof, things have been taken care of. Derringer caused a bit of trouble and I'm clearing up the aftermath.

Savage: They put a huge pile of mines on the shore guns.

Perosa: ...Stay there. I'll handle the other places.

Kolibri: Yo yo! Dumbasses should just stay where dumbasses ought to be.

Perosa: No, what I mean is...

Savage: If they're sabotaging the shore guns, then it's very likely that they ARE planning to attack the quarantine wall.

Savage: They must be working in tandem with the people outside, which is why they were plotting to disable the wall's defensive capabilities.

Perosa: ...Correct, that's what I meant.

Perosa: You picked up on that fast.

Savage: ...That's because they're already here! Perosa!

Savage: Large enemy forces approaching!

Savage: They're being led by that Nyto we saw before!

Perosa: What?!

Kolibri: Perosa! This is bad!

Kolibri: That stupid Fedorov didn't check properly before sounding the alarm.

Kolibri: ...Turns out the transmission circuit was altered, so it doesn't go inside the wall, but outside it!

Perosa: So they're launching the attack now because they know their plan is a bust?

Click.

A new channel connects to Perosa's transmission.

Commander: Perosa, what's going on?

Commander: I can hear gunfire from beyond the quarantine wall.

Perosa: Commander! It's Paradeus!

Perosa: Paradeus is attacking the quarantine wall!

Perosa: They've turned the entire garrison. We're isolated here!

Commander: ...Hang in there.

Commander: We've already arrived.
Part 4: Lachesis' Measure II

4

On the quarantine wall.

Boom!

Narciss: Go on, keep up your futile resistance...you foolish humans.

Narciss: When I catch you, I'll cut you to bits!

Commander: ...That's a small Nyto.

Dandelion: Yes, but quite a frightening one.

Dandelion: She's more eager to fight than any other unit we've seen, Commander.

Dandelion: We must limit her ability to act.

Commander: I know... Machlian?

Machlian: ...

Machlian blanched at the appearance of the petite Nyto.

Machlian: That's Narciss... M-My dreams...

Machlian: My memories... They came true after all...

She clutches her collar and hyperventilates.

Machlian: This quarantine wall will be destroyed, and everything will perish...

Machlian: Nobody...nobody can stop Narciss!

Commander: ...We will stop her.

Commander studies the diminutive Nyto and the forces behind her.

Machlian: ...That's impossible.

Commander: I want to try.
Part 5: Clothos' Thread III

5

...

Narciss: Tsk!

After a fierce battle, the Commander has kept Narciss and her forces at a safe distance from the quarantine wall.

By the time it's over, the Commander's back is drenched in cold sweat.

The Commander looks at the Nyto staring daggers at them and gulps.

Dandelion was right. They have never encountered such a fearsome enemy before.

Perosa: Backup's almost here. Paradeus is withdrawing.

Perosa's gun is trembling in her hands. She had not expected Paradeus to bring this many troops, nor had she expected the opposing commander to be so skillful in battle.

If they had been in her attack range, if they had not been raining fire down on them from high ground... If they had fought Narciss on even slightly less advantageous terms, they wouldn't have stood a chance.

On hindsight, everyone feels that Machlian's fear is perfectly justified.

Narciss: You... You...!

Among the retreating Paradeus forces, Narciss throws a hysterical fit. Her eyes zero in on Machlian, who's standing beside the Commander.

Narciss: For the sake of Father's plan, you must die!

Whoosh!

A shimmering streak of white hovering next to Narciss rips through the air, heading straight for Machlian.

Commander: Look out!

Machlian: !

The massive floating blade just barely passes over Machlian's head. The vacuum in its wake triggers a wild gust that almost blows Kolibri off her feet.

The Commander tackles Machlian to the ground, but ends up getting cut instead.

RO635: Commander! Are you alright?!

Commander: Yeah, I'm fine.

Commander: It's strange, though. I thought I dodged it?

Dandelion: You wouldn't have gotten off so easily if you had been hit by the blade itself.

Dandelion looks up at the floating blade that's already turning around in mid-air.

The other two members of the AR Team raise their weapon, but they can't aim fast enough to shoot it down.

Narciss: ...

Having missed her attack, a terrifying expression creeps over Narciss' delicate features as she stands at the foot of the wall.

Narciss: It will make Narciss very happy...if I kill you.

Still muttering to herself, she turns and leaves with the rest of the Paradeus forces while the gathered Dolls look on.

M4 SOPMOD II: That Nyto kinda gives me the creeps...

RO635: Actually, she reminds me a bit of you.

M4 SOPMOD II: No way!

M4 SOPMOD II: That's really mean!

The Commander sits up and inspects their arm.

Fortunately, only their sleeve got cut, and they are basically unhurt.

However, the Commander could swear the blade didn't touch them...

Commander: I thought this sort of thing only happened in light novels... Machlian?

That's when the Commander noticed a certain change in Machlian's gaze.

Machlian: Robin...

She slowly rises to her feet and walks up to the edge of the quarantine wall incredulously.

She leans forward and looks down, unable to suppress her excitement.

The Commander shoots RO a look, worried that Machlian will simply fall over the edge.

Machlian: The wall...

Commander: What about it?

Machlian: The wall is still standing, Robin!

Machlian whirls around, surprise and delight written all over her face.

The others are confused by her intense reaction.

ST AR-15: What the hell are you talking about?

Machlian: The wall didn't fall!

ST AR-15: Yes, I can see that! So what? Were you hoping we would lose and get chopped up by that Nyto?

Commander: ...Machlian.

Commander: In your memories, the wall was destroyed.

Commander: Wasn't it?

Machlian: ...Yes, that's right.

Machlian clasps her hands to her chest and closes her eyes like she's praying.

She slowly regains her composure and realizes that her reaction might warrant an explanation.

Machlian: My memories...my dreams, or perhaps my prophecies...

Machlian: Until now, they have never been wrong.

Machlian: Everything I saw in my memories eventually became reality.

Commander: Is this why you're such a believer in "destiny"?

Machlian: Yes, but... Robin, you did it.

Machlian: You changed destiny.

Commander: ...No, I didn't change destiny. This is hardly that big of a deal.

Commander: I was warned ahead of time, so I could prepare for it, and we won. It's just that simple.

Commander: And when what you saw don't come true, those memory fragments which speak of the future are nothing more than bad dreams.

Machlian: ...

Machlian seems a little dazed as she looks at the dust blowing in the distance. She can't even make out the retreating Paradeus forces anymore.

Machlian: ...I know what you're getting at, Robin.

Machlian: But for me, it's very hard to separate dreams from reality.

Machlian: I've tried to change destiny, but I never succeeded.

Machlian: I will die by an unnatural cause, and that too is destined.

Commander: Have I ever appeared in your dreams?

Machlian: No... Not even once.

Commander: Well, that makes things simple. Just remember—any place where I am is reality.

Machlian: ...What?

Commander: I don't appear in your dreams.

Commander: Nor do I appear in any of the futures that your memories show.

Commander: And I don't believe that destiny is set in stone either.

Commander: So, if you're willing to trust me...

Commander: I will keep you safe, and I will stop all the foretold tragedies from happening.

Machlian: Robin...

...

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: You look like you've got something to say.

ST AR-15: What would be the point? Who's going to listen now?

Dandelion: I take it you're not happy with how things are going?

Dandelion: "15, if you've got something to say, then say it! Don't keep everything bottled up!"

ST AR-15: If you imitate M4 and talk in that weird tone again...

ST AR-15: I'll break your legs.

Dandelion: So, what's upsetting you?

ST AR-15: Can't you tell? The Commander nearly died back there.

ST AR-15: I can't believe nobody said anything about it.

Dandelion: That's because nobody expected the Commander to do that.

ST AR-15: You think so?

ST AR-15 snorts.

ST AR-15: I think it played perfectly into that woman's plans... She's got a grasp on the Commander's personality.

ST AR-15: She knew the Commander would save her, so she deliberately exposed herself to danger and baited the Commander into falling for it.

ST AR-15: The only reason why she failed was because the opposition didn't coordinate well enough with her.

Dandelion: Is that what you think?

ST AR-15: Does it not make sense?

Dandelion: ...

Dandelion: "...You're always so suspicious, 15, but I'm glad you're around."

ST AR-15: Get back here!!

...
Part 6: Lachesis' Measure I

6

...

Outside Bohnsdorf.

Machlian: ...Bohnsdorf?

Commander: Yup.

Machlian: ...The next location is Bohnsdorf?

Commander: You didn't know?

The Commander seems a little surprised.

Machlian: Of course I didn't know!

Machlian: If I had known...

Machlian remembers what she went through in Bohnsdorf and bites her lip.

Machlian: ...Are they going to attack this place too, Robin?

Commander: I think so, if the U-Bahn station and quarantine wall are any indication.

Commander: Your memories are quite reliable.

Commander: Perosa, how are things at the quarantine wall?

Perosa: The government officials who came have taken over. It'll be fine.

Commander: Good, then let's focus on what's ahead us.

Commander: Dandelion?

Dandelion: Their defenses are shockingly lax. I thought barging in would take some effort after what happened last time.

Dandelion: But now it looks like they've either given up or something has happened to them.

Machlian: Don't tell me they're already...

Machlian clutches the Commander' sleeve anxiously as she waits for Dandelion to continue.

Dandelion: No, I don't think we're too late.

Dandelion: There are no signs of explosions in the village and I can detect many signs of human activity.

ST AR-15: What are they plotting?

ST AR-15: Commander, we should just skip this location and move on to the next one.

ST AR-15: Don't forget, this is a Paradeus stronghold.

ST AR-15: It'll be too late to regret our actions once we charge in there and get surrounded.

Machlian: This place is a Paradeus stronghold? What nonsense are you talking about?!

ST AR-15: I won't dignify that with a reply.

Commander: ...The people here have just been deceived by Paradeus.

Commander: They probably don't even count as official members of Paradeus yet.

Commander: Machlian's visions are proof of that. If this place really gets attacked...

Commander: Then they've pretty much been cannon fodder for Paradeus from the beginning.

ST AR-15: May I remind you that these cannon fodder gave us a really hard time when we last came here?

ST AR-15: When they go mad, they're harder to handle than any other enemy.

Commander: It's true that going alone into enemy territory is very unwise. 45, you and Squad 404 stand by here and prepare to pick us up at any time.

UMP45: Roger. I won't even charge you extra for it.

RO635: But where would they hide the bombs in such a large village?

RO635: The amount of explosives needed to destroy such a spread-out village would be even more ridiculous than what you'd need to bring down the quarantine wall.

Commander: Considering Elia is the key figurehead of Bohnsdorf...

Commander: If I had to do it, I'd start with her.

Commander: However, just to be on the safe side... Perosa, take Squad Griffin and look around in the village.

Perosa: Understood.

Dandelion: Given their present state, we might not be noticed even if we walked in through the front door.

Commander: ...In any case, let's be careful.

Commander: We're not welcome here.

Machlian: ...

Commander: Machlian, can you stay here with Squad Griffin?

Machlian: ...Why?

Commander: You...You're too recognizable. I'm worried that the villagers will go crazy if they see you.

Machlian clutches her sleeve. She hesitates briefly, then looks up and shakes her head.

Machlian: ...Please take me with you, Robin.

Machlian: I won't cause you trouble...

Machlian: And if some disaster is going to strike Bohnsdorf...

Machlian: I don't want to stay here and do nothing.

ST AR-15: Just to put this out there, but I'm opposed to this.

Dandelion: What do you think, Commander?

Commander: ...

The Commander looks first at Machlian, then at the quiet village.

Commander: ...Alright, but we have to be careful.

Commander: If it really comes to a fight, at least they won't go too overboard with you around.

Machlian: Thank you, Robin.

...
Part 7: Clothos' Thread II

7

Under the Dolls' protection, the Commander steps into Bohnsdorf for the second time.

It is much, much quieter than their previous visit.

The streets are empty and there is nobody in sight. The Commander and company already stood out to begin with, but now it's as though someone is shining a spotlight on them.

Commander: ...We're here.

After reaching the gate of Elia's manor, the Commander can't help but look back at the places they've passed along the way.

Machlian: ...What happened to the village?

Machlian has never seen anything like this before either. She looks around in concern.

RO635: I don't know, but it feels kind of spooky around here.

M4 SOPMOD II: I've got a bad feeling about this...

ST AR-15: ...Tsk.

ST AR-15 raises her gun and points it at the manor entrance.

ST AR-15: It's not often that we all agree on something, can we hurry up and finish this ASAP so we can get out of here?

Machlian: Could...Could you not carry your guns openly?

ST AR-15: You can close your eyes if you want.

Commander: We've come this far. I'd like to avoid causing a commotion if we can avoid a conflict.

Commander: Dandelion, can you open the door?

Dandelion: Easily.

Click.

The main door opens in response.

Commander: Whew...

The Commander recalls the unsettling woman who runs the village and gathers their resolve.

Commander: ...If you see Elia, deal with her before she can start a disturbance.

Machlian: Deal with her?!

Commander: I don't mean killing her⁠—just knocking her out.

RO635: Commander...

Commander: What's the matter?

RO635: Something's not quite right here.

RO peers through the open door. From the steps, the inside is no different from the outside, as lifeless as ever.

At this point, one might wonder if this place is already a dead village.

ST AR-15: Is that hag really in there?

Commander: ...Are you picking up any explosives?

Dandelion: A moment please...

Dandelion lightly ascends the steps and pauses amidst the silence.

Commander: ...

The surrounding Dolls remain vigilant, waiting for Dandelion's response.

Suddenly, Dandelion's body quivers. Her expression changes dramatically and she runs up the rest of the steps and rushes into the house.

Dandelion: Stop!

Commander: ?!

Commander: After her!

Dandelion's sudden movement takes everyone by surprise, leaving them in a daze.

That is, everyone except ST AR-15 and Machlian.

The two of them bolt almost right after Dandelion, before the Commander even gives the order.

The Commander runs down a long corridor in pursuit of the three of them. Finally, they find Dandelion and the others in one of the guest rooms.

Commander: D-Dandelion, what's going on?

Dandelion: ...Are you insane?

Still ignoring the Commander, Dandelion stares dubiously at what lies before her.

Elia: My Lady... Oh, My Lady!

Elia: I knew you wouldn't forsake us...

Machlian: ...

Machlian's face is filled with shock.

Machlian: ...Elia, what are you doing?!

The table in front of Elia seems to be some sort of altar, and it is neatly stacked with what can only be explosives.

But what really frightens the Commander is the familiar shade of dark green right in the center of the explosives.

Those are Collapse Particles.

Elia withdraws her hand. She seems to have punched in a string of numbers on a control pad.

Dandelion: 640921...

Commander: Miss Elia.

The Commander and the Dolls step up behind Machlian.

At the sight of the Commander, Elia's smile freezes on her face.

Elia: You... It's you! You kidnapped our Saint!

Elia: It's you! You lied to us!

Her veiled face contorts in fury, and she looks ready to lunge at the Commander at any moment.

Commander: Miss Elia!

Machlian: Elia!

Only after Machlian calls out to her does Elia finally calm down.

Elia: Oh... My Lady... Your Holiness...

Two streams of tears flow beneath her veil.

Elia: We can't lose the Saint...

Elia: Without you... We...

Machlian: Elia... Listen to me.

Machlian: You need help now.

Machlian: Don't be rash, I beg you... Don't be rash...

Commander: What is that...?

Commander: Who gave it to you? What do you plan to do with that?

Elia: ...No! We don't need help!

Elia looks at the Commander, her cloudy eyes suddenly flashing sharply again.

She puts her hand on the detonator. The motion makes all the Dolls raise their guns.

ST AR-15: Commander, we should kill her!

Machlian: No! You can't!

Elia: We don't trust these filthy heretics!

Elia: Nor do we need your help!

Elia: Paradeus will show us the way! We know where the future lies!

With a maniacal shriek, she puts her finger on the detonate button.

Elia: You betrayed us! You betrayed Paradeus, Machlian!

Elia: We don't need you anymore! We...We can make a new Saint!

Machlian: Elia...!

Machlian's eyes widen in horror.

Poot.

After Elia presses the button, the explosives only produce a comical sound.

For a moment, the Commander wonders if the detonator suffered a malfunction of some sort.

However, Dandelion's expression dispels this last, vain hope.

Dandelion: Commander, we need to get out of here right now!

Dandelion: I'm picking up a spread of Collapse Particles—those aren't explosives!

Dandelion: It's a radiation bomb! They're infecting themselves!

Commander: Tsk!

RO635: Commander, Squad Griffin is reporting explosions in the village!

RO635: All the villagers are carrying miniature bombs! They're killing themselves!

RO635: Squad Griffin couldn't disarm all the devices in time!

Commander: God dammit!

Elia: Ahahaha...Hahaha!

As she soaks in the spreading cloud of pale yellow mist, Elia spreads her arms wide and laughs maniacally while looking to the heavens.

Elia: A miracle... This is a miracle!

Machlian: Elia! No!

As Elia's skin begin to visibly ulcerate and fester before her eyes, Machlian falls helplessly to her knees and bursts into tears.

Commander: We don't have time! Machlian!

The Commander pulls Machlian up.

Commander: We can still save the others!

Machlian: ...!

ST AR-15: Shut up and RUN!

...
Part 8: CT II tip

8

指挥官第一次遇到伊阿索之匣，本次作战需要通过密码台输入对应密码才可以拆除伊阿索之匣。
Part 9: CT II tip (If you get stuck)

9

【Dandelion】 Commander, I saw Elia punch "640921" into the device. It could be significant. Maybe you should try entering it.
Part 10: Lachesis' Measure III

10

Boom!

A series of explosions goes off throughout the village. In just ten-odd minutes, what had once been a quiet settlement has been transformed into a hellscape.

Commander: Dammit! (Coughs)

RO635: Commander! You need to get out of here right now! The Collapse Particles are still spreading!

Commander: I'm fine! How about Machlian, how is she?!

ST AR-15: I'm watching her!

Machlian is standing in the middle of the road, her lips trembling as her eyes reflect burst after burst of firelight.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, didn't you say there wouldn't be explosives here?

RO635: I said that it would be very hard to cause meaningful damage to a wide-open space with explosives.

RO635: But... These villagers used them on themselves!

ST AR-15: They're all insane!

Boom!

Perosa: Commander! We disarmed another one! But...

Squad Griffin drags the struggling villagers out of their home. But even though they've survived the fate of being blown up, their exposed skin is starting to show signs of ulceration where it made contact with the air.

BOOM!!

Kolibri: Ahhhhh, there's too much to do!

Kolibri: And they're even putting up a fight! What's wrong with these people?!

BOOM!!!

Machlian: Everyone...

Machlian takes another couple of shaky steps forward, but her weak knees can't bear her weight anymore and she collapses to the ground.

Commander: Machlian!

???: (Sobs)

Machlian: !

Just then, a familiar voice can be heard on the road.

Elsa: My Lady...

Machlian: Elsa!

Machlian suddenly regains her strength and she climbs to her feet, stumbling as she heads over to the source of the voice.

Elsa: My Lady... It hurts...

Machlian: Elsa... Ahhh!

Machlian: Elsa!!

Right now, Elsa's face is barely recognizable.

The rapidly-spreading ELID is tearing through her body, and her immune system is steadily transformed her tissues into rotten pus.

Machlian does not cower or back away from her. Instead, she scoops Elsa up into her arms.

Machlian: You'll be fine... You'll be fine... I'm here, I'm right here.

Machlian: You'll be fine... Elsa!

Elsa: ...Are you crying, My Lady?

Elsa: Are you hurt too?

Machlian: I'm not... I'm not...

Machlian's face is a mess of tears. She pulls up her sleeve and bites down on her hand.

Drip.

She doesn't feel the pain at all.

The blood oozing out is still warm, and Machlian smiles even as she weeps, as though she's grasped a lifeline in a storm. She brings her wound to Elsa's lips.

Machlian: Elsa, open your mouth... Open your mouth.

Machlian: You'll be alright... You'll be alright...

Elsa: My Lady...

Elsa obediently sucks at Machlian's wound, but she grows weaker and weaker.

Elsa: My Lady...

Machlian: Don't speak! Don't speak! Elsa! Hurry up and drink!

Elsa: My Lady.

Elsa smiles through her tears. She stops sucking, and her voice grows faint.

Elsa: Hurry... Get out...of here...

The body in her arms grows slightly heavier. Machlian can clearly feel the warmth leaving Elsa.

Commander: Machlian...

The Commander watches but does not know what to say. All they can do is stand quietly behind her.

Machlian: I...

Commander: Machlian?

Machlian: I'll tell you... I'll tell you everything!

Machlian: I'll tell you everything you want to know!

Her voice suddenly turns hysterical. Her hoarse throat cannot take all the sudden shouting, and she lapses into a fit of violent coughs.

Machlian: ...I'll take you, I'll take you there!

Machlian: Use my blood! We can make an antidote! We'll go now!

She rises from the ground, still carrying Elsa's body.

Commander: Wait.

Machlian: Over here... This way...

Commander: Wait!

Machlian: Don't try and stop me!

Machlian shouts at the Commander with such anger that even she is taken aback.

Commander: ...

Machlian: ...

The two of them stand in the middle of the road, looking at each other.

Commander: Calm down... There's one more place we haven't been to yet.

Commander: Have you forgotten? There's still the prison. The prison is also on our list.

Machlian: I... I don't care anymore. I want to save people.

Machlian: I want to save the people here. They can still be saved!

Machlian: If they get the medicine, they can live!

Commander: And you'll condemn all the people in the prison to death?!

Commander: Snap out of it, Machlian! Don't let yourself be bound by the title of Saint!

Machlian: I don't know! I don't know anymore! I'm not a Saint and I don't want to be a Saint!

Commander: Don't forget what you set out to do!

Machlian: What I set out to do...

Commander: Didn't you want to save people? You want to save people, right?

Commander: I'll help you do that—in fact, I'm helping you do that right now! You can save all these people!

Commander: But even if the people in the prison have nothing to do with you, they're still people! They're the same as you!

Machlian: ...The same?

Perosa: Commander, we've confirmed all the survivors!

ST AR-15: We need to move them ASAP! They won't last five minutes exposed to the air here!

Commander: Get them onto the truck! Kolibri, contact the government!

Commander: We need support right now!

Kolibri: On it!

Machlian watches dumbly as the Commander gives orders to the Dolls.

At this moment, the sight of the Commander's back seems more sturdy and indomitable than the quarantine wall in Machlian's eyes.

Machlian: Robin...

Commander: Have you thought things through?

Machlian: I trust you... I believe you.

Machlian: You asked me to trust you...so I'm staking my life on you.

She cradles Elsa in her arms. Even though her face is already blistered and ruined where the spreading mist touched it, her expression remains serene.

...Though her last moments were spent in agony, she still seemed to be at peace.

Perhaps that's because those moments were spent with the person she held most dear.

Machlian: First we'll go to the prison... Then we'll make the medicine.

Machlian: I can give you all the medicine, even my life.

Machlian: Robin... We can save a lot of people...

Commander: ...Yes, that's right.

Commander: Together, we can.

The Commander takes a deep breath and coughs uncontrollably.

Commander: Fall back!

Perosa: Yes!

RO635: Got it!

...
Part 11: Atropos' Shears I

11

...

On the moving vehicle...

The Commander has covered Elsa's body with a white cloth.

Though their distress is nowhere near Machlian's, the knowledge that an innocent child has suffered such a terrible fate fills their heart with raging fury.

Machlian: ...I'm sorry, Robin.

Machlian: But I have to bury Elsa myself. If you will only allow me one thing...let me do that.

Commander: That's fine.

Machlian looks silently at the covered corpse and clenches her fists.

After a simple bandage, her palm is no longer bleeding.

Commander: You don't need to take part in the upcoming mission.

Commander: The situation in the prison may be more complicated than what we've encountered so far.

Machlian: I've already paid the price for running from my problems, Robin.

Machlian shakes her head lightly.

Machlian: ...It's far too heavy.

Commander: ...

Machlian: In Bohnsdorf, I could almost live a real human being.

Machlian: But in the end, reality showed me that it was all a lie.

Machlian: I don't even know if what I've done has meaning anymore.

Commander: Elia might have deceived you, but what you did was far from meaningless.

Commander: ...Elsa was innocent. Even to the very end, she believed in you, her Saint.

Machlian: Yes, she believed in me.

Machlian: And what good did that do her?

Machlian looks up, a sad smile on her face.

Machlian: I couldn't do anything...

The Commander falls silent and shakes their head.

They have seen hell so many times, they are hardly fazed by the tragedy that befell Bohnsdorf.

But for Machlian, this blow is too much to bear.

...Does this mean they've become indifferent to it all?

Machlian: ...

As Machlian gazes at the Commander, her expression suddenly shifts.

Machlian: You're also a semi-immunosome, Robin.

Commander: A what?

Machlian: You're like me. You're partially immune.

Machlian: That's why you weren't affected by exposure to Collapse Particles at such close range back in the village.

Commander: ...It's a long story.

Machlian: ...You really aren't with Paradeus, Robin.

Machlian smiles. The Commander doesn't know what to say to that.

Just then, Perosa walks over and breaks up the awkwardness.

Perosa: Our next destination is the prison.

Perosa: While I don't think what happened at the quarantine wall is likely to repeat itself... We should still be careful.

Perosa: Shall we contact the Earl?

Commander: Yeah. I was just about to bring him up to speed.

Perosa: Understood.

The transmission goes through.

Griffin: Commander.

Griffin: Considering the timing of this call...

Griffin: I assume you have good news for me.

Commander: ...Good and bad in equal measure.

Commander: The truth is, Mr. Griffin, we've already investigated three of the locations you sent us.

Commander: We encountered Paradeus forces at each of them, as well as the explosives they had hidden there.

Commander: Machlian's memories are reliable.

The Commander looks at Machlian and hesitates.

Commander: While we did succeed in stopping them for the most part, a tragedy still took place in Bohnsdorf.

Commander: I've handed the scene over to the government authorities, but the casualties are still severe...

Griffin: Since the veracity of Machlian's memory fragments has been verified...

Griffin: You should turn her over to me.

Griffin: We might be able to find some information on William now.

Machlian: ...!!

Machlian blanches and frantically shakes her head at the Commander.

Commander: I'm sorry, Mr. Griffin... But I might not be able to do that for the time being.

Commander: Our mission is at a critical phase and we still need Machlian's assistance.

Commander: Once we take care of Paradeus, we can further analyze Machlian's memory fragments.

Griffin: ...I see no problem with your decision.

Griffin: Do you have anything else to report?

Commander: We'll be heading over to Berlin Prison to conduct an investigation. We were hoping that you would give us clearance to do so, Mr. Griffin.

Griffin: I see. Let Perosa handle it.

Griffin: ...Keep up the good work, Commander. I have a very good feeling about you.

Commander: Thank you.

Griffin: Oh yes, there is one more thing I need to tell you.

Commander: What is it?

Griffin: Angelia's actions have been too impulsive as of late.

Griffin: There are some things which she will not listen to if they come from me, so I need you to help make her see sense.

Griffin: I value both of you a great deal, and I hope you can help each other more.

Commander: Understood. Thank you.

The transmission ends.

Machlian: ...Thank you, Robin.

Commander: No problem.

The Commander shakes their head and looks at the map... They're almost at Berlin Prison.

Commander: I hope things work out this time round...

Berlin Prison.

In the main control room.

Warden: I find it very difficult to comply with your request.

Warden: You're asking me to let in such a large group of Dolls to search the prison all of a sudden?

Warden: This is outrageous.

Commander: I am being absolutely serious. There is a high chance that the prison is rigged with explosives planted by terrorists.

Commander: If you don't believe me, your men are welcome to come along and follow our inspection.

Warden: You can't possibly expect me to believe that sort of nonsense.

Commander: We're here with the appropriate clearances, so it doesn't matter whether you believe it or not.

Commander: Even if we did turn out to be illegal intruders, you wouldn't be blamed for letting us in.

Commander: But conversely, if the prison has really been compromised and we miss the critical time frame because of your interference... Will you take responsibility for THAT?

Warden: I...

The chief warden hesitates. Though he doesn't want to do this, the permit presented by the Commander is valid and effective.

Warden: ...Alright, I understand.

Warden: But I'm telling you, you're just wasting your time!

Commander: Thank you for your cooperation.

The Commander breathes a sigh of relief. For a moment, they thought there would be no way to settle this peacefully.

Unlike the previous sites, they're in the middle of the city now... Surely Paradeus isn't so bold that they'd strike here, right?

Dandelion: ...

Dandelion: Mr. Warden, just out of curiosity...

Dandelion: Has anything strange happened in the prison recently?

Warden: Anything strange?

The warden rubs his chin thoughtfully.

Warden: Nothing comes to mind. Apart from the arrival of the most recent batch of convicts, it has been pretty uneventful here at the prison.

Warden: As you know, very few criminals actually make it into prison alive these days.

Commander: Dandelion, is something bothering you?

Dandelion: I just hacked into the prison systems.

Dandelion: The automatic security systems are all offline.

Dandelion: They have all been very thoroughly sabotaged and cannot be repaired.

Warden: Say what?! You hacked into what?!

Warden: Wait a minute, the security's offline? Nobody told me about that!

Commander: ...Crap.

Knock knock knock!

z||AVG_Door_Hit

Warden: What happened?!

Prison Officer: The prisoners... The prisoners are rioting!

Warden: —!

The Warden gapes, then he collapses to the ground, fainting on the spot.

ST AR-15: Tsk.

ST AR-15: It's just one thing after another!

Dandelion: Commander, you and Machlian should stay here. The situation is going to be very chaotic and we must prioritize your safety.

RO635: The convicts couldn't have done this by themselves. Paradeus must have sneaked some of their people in here.

Commander: 45, you and Dandelion head to the control room and verify the situation.

Commander: Also, root out any Paradeus units hiding among the convicts.

UMP45: Understood.

Commander: Perosa, back up the prison officers! Suppress the riots and—

Boom!

Prison Officer: They've got bombs!

Commander: —And disarm those bombs.

Commander: You must not allow the convicts to get on the streets!

Perosa: Roger!
Part 12: Unknown (Secret in A.S. II?)

12

...

Kolibri: Anyone here? Fedorov?

Fedorov: Fedorov walks into a cell.

???: Aiiieeeee—!

Fedorov: What?!

Fedorov: Kolibri, get him!

Kolibri: Where do you think you're going?!

???: No! Nooooooo! Stay away from me!

???: I hate white-haired women!

Fedorov: Is he a convict?

Kolibri: Looks like it.

Kolibri: Let's take a look at his nametag... Pow... Powell??

Fedorov: He doesn't seem to be quite right in the head... He must have suffered some kind of shock.

Kolibri: Bring him along. He's a dead man if we leave him here.

Fedorov: Right.

Powell: Let go! Let go of me!

Powell: Aaaahhhhhh!
Part 13: Atropos' Shears III

    13chevron_right

Criminal: Ahhhhhh!!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's just like a zombie game!

ST AR-15: These people are definitely not normal.

ST AR-15: They must've ingested or inhaled something, but it doesn't look like a stimulant.

RO635: Perosa! What about the explosives?

Perosa: They've all been disarmed!

Perosa: But some of them still managed to go off.

Perosa: There's a breach in the prison wall, and all the convicts are heading for it!

Fedorov: ...It's no good, the prison guards' casualties are too heavy.

Fedorov: I can't manage!

Savage: I can't hold them!

Savage: They're going to spill out onto the streets!

RO635: Let them go! We can't stop numbers like this!

RO635: Ensure the safety of the innocent first!

...

Bang bang bang!

45 shoots the last Paradeus unit standing and changes her magazine with practiced ease.

UMP45: That's the last one.

Dandelion: But I saw a few escape just now.

UMP45: Hunting down stragglers wasn't part of our services.

UMP45: I left a few alive as requested, so don't push it.

Dandelion: Of course, I'm very grateful for that.

Dandelion: Though they don't seem to be of much use...

Dandelion peers at the Paradeus units that members of 404 have subdued.

Dandelion: Their memories are even more of a mess than Machlian's.

Dandelion: There's no useful intel in there at all.

416: Speaking of which...

416: Is it really okay to leave her alone with the Commander?

Dandelion: Given the present circumstances, the control room is the safest place for them to be.

Dandelion: Also, if Machlian was putting on an act all this while, now would be the best time for her to strike.

416: ...You're using the Commander as bait?

Dandelion: I simply have faith in the Commander's judgment. If the Commander trusts Machlian, then so do I.

416: 45!

UMP45: I hear you. Sheesh, why the rush?

UMP45: It's not like we're on a timer here.

Inside the control room.

Commander: ...

Machlian: ...

The Commander and Machlian sit far apart in silence, both avoiding looking at each other.

This is the first time the two of them have been alone, but the timing is a little awkward.

Ever since leaving Bohnsdorf, and after the conversation in the truck, the Commander is suddenly at a loss for how to deal with Machlian.

Machlian: ...This is the last location, right?

In the end, it is Machlian who breaks the awkward silence.

Commander: Yeah.

Machlian: When this is all over...

Machlian: I'll take you to...

Machlian shudders. A certain instinctive terror prevents her from speaking of "the place".

Machlian: I'll take you to...to...

Commander: You don't need to force it out.

Machlian: ...I'll take you to where the medicine is made.

Machlian calms her ragged breath.

She has not yet forgotten her promise—even if she made it in the middle of an emotional breakdown.

Commander: Thank you.

Machlian: I'm your captive. You don't need to thank me.

Commander: ...

The Commander frowns, then turns to face her.

Commander: I'm making the request, but you're the one who ultimately decides whether or not to comply, Machlian.

Commander: Everything we've done is for our common goal.

Commander: We want to help more people with your medicine. You have endorsed this goal and aided us in our endeavors.

Commander: That is what you are doing now.

Machlian: ...

Machlian: But things almost never turn out well when I get involved.

Commander: Nothing will ever take away from the good you've done.

Commander: You don't need to blame yourself for the suffering Paradeus has caused.

Commander: ...The decision you make now could prevent countless tragedies like what happened to Elsa from playing out again.

Machlian: ...

The commotion outside has hasn't died down. Even from here, the Commander can tell that the situation is rather grim.

The chief warden is still lying unconscious on the floor. The Commander takes a deep breath, then smacks their knee as they come to a decision.

Commander: Machlian.

Machlian: ...Hm?

Commander: Let's go.

Machlian: Where to?

Commander: Things are starting to quiet down. They probably have the situation more or less under control now.

Commander: It would be safer for us to link up with the AR Team or Squad 404.

Machlian: ...Alright.

Machlian nods and rises from her chair.

Machlian: ...

Commander: ...What is it?

After getting up, Machlian stands rooted to the spot, completely motionless.

Machlian: Do you hear something, Robin?

Commander: What?

The Commander frowns as they strain their hearing.

Tap.

Tap tap.

A series of crisp taps, like a woman's high heels striking the ground, come from the other side of the door.

Commander: ...Footsteps?

Commander: A woman?

Machlian: It doesn't sound like...the Dolls.

Machlian: And...I...

Machlian balls her hands up into fists so tight that her knuckles turn white.

She looks up and clings to the Commander's clothing with evident unease.

Machlian: In...In my memories, I've heard footsteps like this before.

Commander: ...And then? What happened?

The Commander understands instinctively that something's wrong. They chamber a round in their pistol as they ask Machlian to elaborate.

Machlian: I knew it... I can't cheat fate.

Machlian: There is nothing I can do, Robin.

Machlian: ...I will die here.

Commander: ...

Tap.

The steadily approaching footsteps suddenly come to a stop. The person seem to be standing right outside the door.

Commander: ...You'll be fine.

The Commander shoots her a comforting smile before carefully pressing themselves to the wall with their pistol in hand.

They move up to the door, double check that their pistol is loaded, then glance outside through the gap in the door.

ELID: (Howls)

Commander: Tsk...

It's one of the Infected.

One of the prisons staff, by the look of it.

It was her heels that produced the footsteps they just heard... At least the Commander can still make out that she's female.

Machlian: Robin.

Commander: Wait... Be quiet.

Commander shoots Machlian a glance to warn her not to speak, but seeing the despair on her face...

The Commander takes a deep breath and puts a hand on the door handle.

Commander: Not today, Machlian.

Not today... I was not present in all your visions of the future.

But here I am, so it doesn't match up.

Bam!

ELID: (Snarls)

The Commander savagely kicks the door open, and before the ELID can react, the Commander already has her head in their sights.

Bang!

A spray of blood explodes from her head. The Commander can hear the crisp sound of a bullet striking bone.

Bang!

Bang!

Just to be extra thorough, the Commander fires two more shots and drops the ELID's stinking body to the ground.

Commander: Tango down!

This is immediately followed by more intense footsteps coming from the end of the corridor.

Machlian: ...Robin!

Commander: Wait, don't panic!

UMP45: —!

UMP45 emerges from around the corner in a tactical roll, her muzzle pointed squarely at the Commander.

UMP45: ...What the heck, I thought you were dead.

Seeing that the person still standing is her employer, she quickly lowers her gun.

Dandelion: Commander.

Dandelion: Are you alright?

Dandelion strolls out casually from behind. As she greets the Commander, her gaze falls on Machlian.

Commander: ...I'm fine.

The Commander also breathes a sigh of relief at the arrival at Squad 404.

UMP45: I almost forgot you had actually undergone training.

Commander: Want to go a round with me one of these days, if we have the chance?

Commander: I'm fairly confident in my skills.

UMP45: If you can pay, I don't mind having some fun with you.

UMP45: You're footing your own medical bills, though.

Commander: Never mind, then.

Machlian: ...

Machlian walks out from inside the room and peers down at the ELID on the ground.

Machlian: ...You did it, Robin.

Machlian: We survived.

Commander: ...It's not as big a deal as you make it out to be, Machlian.

Commander: I told you already, these are small potatoes.

Machlian: ...

Machlian seems a bit dazed. The Commander turns around and leaves her to her thoughts.

Commander: Dandelion, what's the status of the prison?

Dandelion: We've purged the Paradeus infiltrators, but we couldn't fully suppress the rioting convicts.

Dandelion: The AR Team and Squad Griffin had their hands full just protecting the wardens.

Dandelion: Not to mention Paradeus released some kind of low-dosage radiation gas here... We had no choice but to let the convicts escape onto the streets.

Dandelion: The rest will be a problem for the local authorities.

Commander: ...Tsk.

The Commander punches the wall in anger.

The mission can hardly be considered a success... And Collapse Particles again? Just how many does Paradeus have, anyway?

Machlian's medicine may be a lot more valuable and important than they originally thought.

Just then, the Commander's communicator rings.

RPK-16: Hello? Commander? Are you there?

RPK-16: Our boss wants to talk to you.

Commander: RPK? Is Ange looking for me?

Commander: I'm currently...

Ange: Commander.

Commander: Ange?

Ange: Good afternoon, Commander... How are things on your end?

The Commander eyes the corpse on the ground and snorts.

Commander: Going well, I guess. We just found a lead.

Commander: How about you?

Ange: ...Humph, I'm getting by.

Ange: Actually , I have a favor to ask of you.

Commander: Why so formal? Just ask.

Ange: Morridow—that Nyto. Is she still with you?

Commander: Morridow... You mean Machlian?

The Commander looks back at Machlian behind them.

Machlian: ...

Commander: Yeah, she is.

Ange: Have you got anything out of her?

Commander: Hm? Haven't I told you already?

Ange: ...So did you not learn anything new after that?

Commander: Nothing worth mentioning for the moment, or at least nothing worth bothering you over.

Ange: You need to pick up the pace.

Ange: I've told you before, Morridow is very crafty.

Ange: She's stalling for time. You should be able to tell.

Machlian: ...

Machlian looks like she's about to say something, but then she looks at the Commander and shakes her head.

The Commander pauses a little.

Commander: Yeah, I'm prepared for that.

Commander: But this is Machlian, a completely different person from Morridow altogether.

Ange: ...Do you really believe that?

Commander: Yes, I believe she is not the person you're talking about.

Gazing at Machlian's face, the Commander makes a steadfast reply.

Ange: Forget it... Who cares what she's called.

Ange: I have some questions for her. Send her to me.

Commander: You have something to ask her?

Commander: But I've told you everything she knows.

Ange: Then she must be hiding something!

Ange: ... I don't have time to waste on this bullshit!

Ange: What are you going to do? Do you believe me or her?

Commander: Calm down, Ange.

Commander: I know what you want, but I can't do that right now.

Commander: She revealed something about a medicine that's very effective against ELID, and we're handling it right now.

Ange: An ELID medicine?

Commander: She told me about a research on radiation sickness therapy and certain drug samples.

Commander: If I can get my hands on them, we'll be able to help a lot of people.

Ange: You actually believe that rubbish?

Commander: I'm not certain either, but it's worth a try. If such a medicine really does exist...

Ange: You can save your precious little adjutant?

Commander: ...!

The Commander feels the blood rushing to their head.

Commander: No, this isn't just for Kalina's sake...

Ange: Enough! It has nothing to do with me.

Ange: All I'm asking is if you can send her over.

Commander: ...I can't do that right now.

Ange: ...

Commander: Ange...

Ange: What the FUCK is wrong with you?!

Ange: How many times do I have to tell you?! Morridow excels in disguise and deception!

Ange: And now you believe everything she says?

Ange: Are you just going to ignore all my warnings?!

Commander: She is not Morridow!

Commander: ...Look, are you having some difficulties?

Commander: We can talk later. Once things are settled on my end, we can pick a place and meet.

Commander: I'll be able to explain everything then!

Ange: Ha! Oh yes, she's Machlian, yeah? You'd rather believe all that crap she's spewing.

Ange: You think Kalina's life is more important than tens of thousands of Berlin citizens?

Ange: Are you out of your damn mind?!

Commander: I'm not!

Ange: ...

Commander: ...The Earl gave me discretion over how to handle Machlian, and I've exercised it.

Ange: So you're pulling his rank on me now, is that it?

Commander: That's not my intention.

Ange: Fine... Fine. I get it.

Ange: Suit yourself!

Commander: ...I'm sorry, but I think you need to calm down a little.

Commander: We'll talk later. Once I'm finished here, I'll call you again.

The transmission ends.

UMP45: ...She didn't sound like herself.

Commander: The Earl did mention that Ange was a little on edge... Looks like it was true.

Dandelion: I wonder if she ran into any problems on her side?

Dandelion: She must be at her wits' end to be making such a request.

Commander: This is Ange we're talking about. Don't underestimate her.

Commander: ...Once we settle things here, I'll go have a good chat with her.

The Commander turns to address Machlian, only to find that she's also just about to speak.

Machlian: ...Robin.

Machlian: About Morridow...

Commander: I know you're not the same person.

Machlian: ...But she was right.

Machlian: Morridow is very devious and calculating.

Machlian: She would disguise herself, insert herself close to you, and wait for the right moment to strike.

Machlian: That is definitely something she's capable of.

Commander: ...But I trust you.

Commander: You're just an ordinary person who wants to do good.

Machlian: ...

Machlian claps her hands. She seems to have made up her mind.

Machlian: ...I trust you too, Robin.

Machlian: I have a set of coordinates for you.

Commander: Coordinates?

Looking at Machlian, the Commander comes to a realization.

...

...

Ange's temporary hideout.

AN-94: So what are we going to do?

Ange: First of all, we can't just barge in there without making any preparations.

Ange: No matter what the Earl did or did not tell me, all I know is that the mansion is connected to William.

Ange: It may look abandoned, but I'd still treat it as a well-defended stronghold.

Light: I can contact my subordinates.

Ange: Yes, but only bring the ones that you absolutely trust.

Ange: If you can't be sure about them, I'd rather you come alone.

Light: ...I understand.

Ange: The mansion is located in Berlin itself, but in a rather remote wealthy suburb.

Ange: It's not densely populated and the area is very safe and peaceful.

Ange: We'll definitely draw attention to ourselves if we march in there with a large force.

AK-15: But conversely, Paradeus can't station a large force there either.

Ange: 94, you and Light take his men and stand guard outside.

Ange: Light at least has emergency law enforcement authority in Germany. Even if we end up drawing unwanted attention, we don't have to worry about things getting completely out of hand.

Ange: Besides, we could use the backup.

AN-94: Understood.

Ange: 15, 16, you two stay with me. We're going in through the front door.

Ange: According to the latest intelligence, the mansion is currently uninhabited...but who knows if that's actually true.

Ange: Still, right now I don't see the need to enter through another entrance.

Ange: 15 will take charge of the assault while 16 scans for electric signals.

Ange: Report any discovery immediately.

AK-15: Understood.

RPK-16: Understood.

Ange: That's it. No plan, no strategy. Your only order—do not open fire.

Ange: Of course, if you really run into Paradeus goons...

Ange: Feel free to blow their brains out. I'll take responsibility.

RPK-16: So when are we setting off?

Ange: We leave at three.

Ange: We must be well-prepared for this.

Ange puts away the map on the table and pauses.

Ange: I'm sure the Earl has heard of my visit at the bar by now.

Ange: I'm giving him time to contact me. If I still don't hear from him by three o'clock...

Ange: I'm not to blame.

Light: Miss Ange.

Ange: What?

Light: ...I would like to have a word with you.

Ange glances at the DEFY members, who have gone off to make their respective preparations.

Ange: Now?

Light: When else?

Ange: Alright.

Ange pulls out a chair and gestures for Light to take a seat as well.

Ange: What do you want to talk about?

Ange: You're not trying to weasel out of this, are you?

Light: Of course not. I respect you and trust your judgment.

Ange: I don't remember being particularly respectable.

Ange: Goody-two-shoes like you don't tend to mix with people like me, yeah?

Ange: You look like the type that gets an A even in ethics at the secret service academy.

Light: I never took such a class... You have a secret service academy in the Soviet Union?

Ange: Of course. Don't you have one in Germany?

Ange: We got to pick our own dog partner in our first class.

Ange: Then for our graduation exam, we had to shoot it.

Light: How terribly cruel... Was it to ensure each agent's ability to follow orders without question?

Ange: I think the instructor just preferred cats.

Light: Uh, are you pulling my leg?

Ange: Isn't it obvious?

Light: Please stop teasing me.

Light: I could really use your advice about something important.

Ange: ...Go on then. I'll try my best if it's something I can help you with.

Ange: But don't get your hopes up. Like I said, I am no role model.

Ange: I don't even know what I've done for you to think so highly of me.

Light: You're too modest, but that's not the point.

Light: I hope I can be someone like you one day.

Ange: What do you mean, someone like me?

Light: A hero.

Ange: ...

Ange: All so-called "heroes" have their names etched onto memorials, whelp.

Light: It is in a hero's nature to keep going forward no matter how many people have fallen before them.

Light: I wish to become just like you and all those who came before you, to devote myself to making this world a better place.

Light: Even if it costs me my life.

Ange: Aren't you too young to be talking about such things?

Light: I'm getting there, Miss Ange.

Light: At least I'm getting there.

Ange: ...What gives you such notions?

Light: I know this may all sound very silly and childish to you.

Light: But...I genuinely admire you because everything you do...

Light: You do for the sake of the future of this world.

Ange: ...This is neither silly nor childish.

Ange: Light, idealists don't have a single place in this day and age.

Ange: But that doesn't mean idealism deserves to die.

Ange: It is extremely difficult to maintain such a pure and simple outlook like yours.

Ange: Which makes it all the more precious.

Light: ...Thank you.

Ange: So is this what you need my advice for?

Ange: Doesn't seem like it to me. Your will is strong enough as it is.

Ange: No matter what I say, you believe in your own vision.

Light: Indeed...

Light reaches into his pouch and fishes out a cufflink.

Ange: "U"?

Ange: ...The Stasi has such funny rules.

Ange: Do all senior agents have to adopt a letter for their codename?

Light: They say it's because there just so happened to be 26 agents in the very beginning.

Light: And the first letter of their names were all different.

Ange: Then shouldn't you be "L"?

Light: Our codenames aren't determined by our names anymore. We choose a word that we like and take the first letter instead.

Light: The word can be a representation of the agent.

Ange: So what's your word?

Light: "Unknown".

Light: The nameless one.

Ange: ...

Ange: So you're a senior agent? I thought you were J's subordinate.

Light: J has been taking care of me since I was little.

Light: My mother was his mentor.

Light: Also, I'm not a senior agent...yet.

Ange studies Light's face and comes to a realization.

Ange: You're getting cold feet?

Light: ...It would be nice if you didn't put it so bluntly.

Ange: You make a much better agent than J. At least that's what I think.

Light: J simply operates in a different way.

Light: ...I'm still too young and inexperienced.

Light: I'm not sure if I'm ready to accept this cufflink yet.

Light pinches the cufflink between his fingers and hand it to Ange.

Ange pauses in surprise. Then she takes the cufflink and looks it over carefully.

Ange: What difference will it make by accepting this?

Light: Nothing much, though my sister might get angry.

Ange: Then what's the big deal?

Ange: You're scared that she'll kick you out?

Light: It won't come to that, that much I'm sure. We're very close.

Light smiles a little sheepishly.

Ange shrugs and passes the cufflink back to Light, but he doesn't take it.

Ange: ...What?

Light: I want you to keep it for now.

Ange: Sorry?

Ange stares, dumbfounded.

Light places his hands on his knees and straightens up.

Light: I would like you to give it back to me when this mission is over.

Light: That is, if you believe I have earned this codename.

Ange: You want me to adjudicate your graduation exam?

Light: Yes.

Ange: I'm a Soviet.

Light: I know.

Light: But I can't think of a better adjudicator than you.

Ange: ...

Ange wraps her fingers over the cufflink.

Ange: ...Alright, I'm keeping it.

Ange: But I won't go along with your teacher-student charade.

Ange: Once this is over, no matter the outcome, I'm giving it back to you.

Light smiles.

Light: Thank you.

RPK-16: Ange.

RPK-16 comes over just as Light gets to his feet.

Ange: What do you want?

RPK-16: I'd also like to discuss something with you—or do you have a problem with that?

Ange: ...Did you two agree to take turns or something beforehand?

Light glances at RPK-16, who smiles sweetly at him.

He smiles back awkwardly and offers his chair to the Doll before taking his leave.

Ange: So what do you wish to discuss?

RPK-16: Ange.

RPK-16 sits down with her hands on her knees. Her characteristic smirk has suddenly been replaced with a serious frown.

RPK-16: Can we cancel this upcoming operation?

Ange: What?

Ange: Cancel it? Why?

RPK-16: I don't think it's a wise decision.

RPK-16: You should at least discuss it with HQ in the Neo-Soviet Union.

Ange: I've tried to contact Old Misha but he didn't respond.

Ange: I'm not even certain if he received my message.

RPK-16: Don't you think you should wait?

Ange: You think I have the luxury to wait?

Ange: ...Besides, if Old Misha is silent, what do you think he's doing?

RPK-16: ...

Ange: Bigshots like them have no time for us.

Ange: We have to rely on ourselves... Since when were you so cautious?

RPK-16: I don't know. Maybe it's because of the change in perspective?

RPK-16: Did 12 also have to consider so many things?

Ange: Humph... I used to find the two of you to be quite similar.

Ange: But while she was in your position, her only consideration would be how to carry out my order.

Ange: Not what destabilizing factors there are with my orders.

RPK-16: That's just like AK-12. Everyone has absolute faith in her.

Ange: 15 might be the only exception.

RPK-16: 15 is just jealous of 12.

RPK-16: Though even she herself isn't aware of that.

Ange: Back to the subject... In any case, the operation has to go ahead. It's not up for discussion.

Ange: You just have to think about how to do your job.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 closes her eyes and finally reopens them.

RPK-16: Alright, I understand.

Ange: Good. It's almost time.

Ange stands up, ending the conversation with RPK-16.

Ange: Let's go.

RPK-16: Okay.

...
Part 2: Rememberance (side)

2

...

At their temporary hideout where everyone is preparing for departure, AN-94 is going through her gear.

RPK-16: Do you carry extra 7.62mm rounds on every mission?

AN-94: 16...?

Her disconcerting teammate has snuck up on her without a sound.

AN-94 almost fired on her.

AN-94: ...Not always. I only started doing it when you and 15 rejoined DEFY.

RPK-16: You're very good at doing seemingly trivial favors for your teammates.

RPK-16 plops down cheerfully next to AN-94. It looks like she doesn't plan on leaving her alone any time soon.

AN-94: I don't mind the trouble. Just doing what I can.

AN-94 cleans the barrel of her rifle with a brush and blows some dust off to the side.

AN-94: All the Dolls on Task Force DEFY except me are truly exceptional. This is what I can do to keep up and complete our missions more efficiently.

RPK-16: You sound just like 15.

AN-94: ...

AN-94 puts down the components of her rifle.

AN-94: I don't understand... What are you getting at?

RPK-16: Is it that hard to tell?

RPK-16: I'm just expressing my concern for you.

AN-94: ...It is indeed rather hard to tell.

AN-94: Shouldn't you be discussing battle strategies with Ange?

RPK-16: Is that what AK-12 would usually do?

AN-94: ...Yes.

AN-94: It is part of the team leader's duty.

RPK-16: You seem very influenced by AK-12.

AN-94: What's your point?

AN-94 stares at RPK-16.

RPK-16: I think you'd make a more suitable acting leader than me.

AN-94: ...What?

RPK-16: You've been with AK-12 the longest.

RPK-16: You must've learned a great deal from her.

RPK-16: You also understand Ange the most... Besides, you make a lot of contributions that often go unnoticed.

RPK-16: I can't think of any reason why you wouldn't be up to the task.

AN-94: But 12 chose you.

RPK-16: Simply because I was the only one there.

AN-94 shakes her head.

AN-94: 12 isn't someone who would make important decisions based on such flimsy reasons.

AN-94: I'm sure she chose you because she knew you could do it.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 is quite astonished.

RPK-16: You really do trust her.

AN-94: Even if I had been present, she would definitely have chosen you as well.

RPK-16: What causes such sense of inferiority in you?

AN-94: It isn't inferiority, but practicality.

AN-94: The way I operate is closer to AK-15's. I'm better at making decisions on the fly.

AN-94: I am not suited for command.

RPK-16: But you did a pretty decent job when partnering with 15 last time.

AN-94: That's because 15 is a highly competent soldier. Besides, leading a two-man team and commanding a squad are completely different.

AN-94: You are smart and have a good sense of the bigger picture. You also have no problem communicating with Ange.

AN-94: If the choice had been mine, I would have picked you too.

RPK-16: I see...

RPK-16 smiles.

RPK-16: You've grown.

AN-94: That feels weird coming from you...

RPK-16: Because I was the last to leave the factory?

RPK-16: That's not important. A compliment is a compliment no matter who gives it.

RPK-16 gets to her feet, still beaming at AN-94.

RPK-16: Hurry up and finish your prep. We mustn't let 12 down.

AN-94: Right...

AN-94 looks down at what she's doing. She picks up the components she has put down earlier and concentrates on reassembling them.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16's eyes flicker as she watches her.

RPK-16: ...How sweet.
Part 3: Pandora's Box I

3

...

15:28, Berlin Time.

Former residence of "William" in the district of Neu-Tempelhof, Berlin.

RPK-16: 12 once told me that it's bad news for us whenever Ange is all pumped up.

RPK-16: I didn't take her seriously because I thought she was joking.

AK-15: ...

RPK-16: What is it, 15?

AK-15: You're talking less.

AK-15: Than usual.

RPK-16: Oh my, does that bother you?

RPK-16: How unexpected. I thought you didn't like me.

AK-15: It will jeopardize our mission if you are not in optimal condition.

AK-15: Besides, you are the leader right now.

RPK-16: "Acting" leader... Jeez, 12 left me with the worst possible job at the worst possible time.

AN-94: It means she trusts you.

RPK-16: That is definitely the second largest mistake she has made in her life.

AN-94: Nonsense. I think you are a wonderful... Second largest?

Ange: What's her largest mistake then?

RPK-16: That is a little secret between 12 and me.

RPK-16: So, Ange, let me ask you one last time.

RPK-16: Are you really doing this?

Ange: If you don't want to come, you can stay here with 94.

RPK-16: Sorry, forget I asked.

Light: Miss Ange, I'm ready over here.

Ange: How many people do you have with you?

Light: Not many; they're all agents in my cohort.

Light: All trustworthy.

Light: Also...I haven't told them any specific details.

Light: They only know that they'll be playing sentry.

Ange: Good... You'll just have to stay outside and keep a lookout for me.

Ange: I won't make things difficult for you. If your superior demands an explanation from you, just pile it all on me.

Light: It's okay, we're all prepared to live with the consequences.

Light: Will Miss AN-94 be working with us?

AN-94: Yes, I will also be standing guard outside the mansion with everyone from the Stasi.

AN-94: In case of an emergency.

Light: The grouping is different this time.

Light: Last time you stayed behind, Miss Ange tossed me aside.

AN-94: That won't happen again.

AN-94: RPK needs to go in because we can't be sure if there will be any secret mechanisms or electronic installations in the mansion.

AN-94: Don't worry, I will do my best to keep you all safe.

Light: That's not what I mean... Besides, we can handle ourselves just fine.

Light: We look forward to working alongside you, Miss AN-94.

Ange: We don't have much time. Light, have your men seal off the mansion. Don't let even a single fly in.

Ange: 15, 16.

Ka-chak.

Ange: Let's go.

AK-15: Understood.

RPK-16: ...Roger.

...

According to the Stasi's intel, this building has been uninhabited since a long time ago.

The signs of age and dereliction it shows all prove that to be true.

Ange: ...

Ange walks into the front yard—it must have been many years since a gardener last tended to it.

Other than a few buzzing bees, there's no sign of any other living creatures.

...This eerie silence haunts Ange.

Her gut feeling tells her that she's in the right place.

She will definitely find what she's after here.

AK-15: Are we entering through the front doors?

Ange: I don't think it makes any difference whichever entrance we choose.

Ange: RPK?

RPK-16: No sign of anything unusual.

Ange: If someone is lying in ambush, even if we enter through another door, or even through a window...

Ange: It won't do us any good.

She crosses the wild and disorganized front yard and arrives at the main entrance of the mansion.

Even now, it is still quiet as a tomb.

Ange: Go take a look, 15.

AK-15: Understood.

With a nod, AK-15 walks up to the doors and lays a hand on them.

Ange: See anything in there?

AK-15: ...No, nothing out of the ordinary.

Ange makes her way up the front staircase and stops next to AK-15. She, too, places her hand on the doors.

RPK-16: Ange.

Ange: ...What?

RPK-16: Are you really going in?

Ange: Of course.

Ange: Have you noticed any problem?

RPK-16: Other than the cleaners' botched job? Nope.

RPK-16: But don't you think that's what makes it so suspicious?

Ange: ...You have a point.

Ange: But we can't back down now.

Ange: The more suspicious this house is, the more we can be certain we're at the right place.

After one final pause.

Ange: 15, open the doors.

AK-15: ...

Thunk!

AK-15 gives a powerful shove, and the doors of the mansion swing open.

The double doors shudder and creak, shaking loose a thick layer of dust. They are so out of use that the hinges look as if they might fall right off the wall.

Ange holsters her pistol and slowly enters.

In the gloomy foyer, there is no sound other than the trio's echoing footsteps.

Ange: It's pretty big inside.

RPK-16: It will certainly take a while to look through the place.

RPK-16: Considering the covert nature of our mission, I think we should minimize the time we spend in here.

Ange: Got any suggestions?

RPK-16: 15, you take the east wing.

RPK-16: Ange and I will check the west wing.

RPK-16: Keep checking in periodically and notify us immediately if you find anything.

RPK-16: How does that sound?

AK-15: ...I have no objections.

Ange: Sounds reasonable. Let's do that.

AK-15 nods and slings her rifle onto her back.

RPK-16: What's the matter?

AK-15: ...Nothing.

She gives RPK-16 one last look before heading off to the right.

RPK-16: Shall we go too, Ange?

Ange: Ange nods and takes the lead as they turn left.

RPK-16: ...

The two of them walk on, heading deeper into the mansion.

...
Part 4: Pandora's Box III

4

...

Only a moth knows how mesmerizing the flame is.

Despite knowing what final fate awaits it, it still hurtles towards its own demise without hesitation.

Is death the final destination?

RPK-16: Every time I wake...I smell something different in the air.

RPK-16: It never fails to make me feel nostalgic.

RPK-16: Ange...

RPK-16: ...Will you save me a spot in the brave new world?

...

Creak...

Ange: (Coughs) It's really dusty.

Ange waves her hand to scatter the dust fluttering around her. The room she has just entered appears to be a study.

Its past opulence is all buried under a thick layer of dust. The grandiose wall behind the mahogany desk bears an intricate painting of a large yew tree with numerous branches, each offshoot pointing towards a portrait miniature.

The name of each figure is labeled below their portrait.

Ange: ...Is this...

Ange: A family tree...?

Ange walks further into the room with a frown. She looks up and studies the exuberant crown of the tree.

She is quite taken aback by the sheer size of this family, but what confuses her is that at the very top, the two offshoots denoting the two latest family members have been scorched—the names and the faces are utterly unrecognizable.

Ange can just about make out that one of them was a girl...unless the men of this family all had long hair.

Ange: Lunasia...

Just then, Ange's communicator rings.

Ange: Light?

Light: ...attack—

Ange: Light? 94? What is it?

Light: ...We're under attack!!

Light: It's Paradeus!

Light: Miss Ange, please retreat immediately! Get out of there!

Bang bang!

Pzzzt...

The connection is broken.

Ange: Crap.

Creak...

Ange: !

Detecting movement from behind, Ange turns around instinctively.

But once she realizes who it is, she lets out a sigh.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 strolls casually into the study. Then she turns around and with her back to Ange, closes the door.

Ange: RPK, we need to go. Light just contacted me...

There is nothing explicitly off about RPK-16's movements, but Ange's years of experience is telling her that the air has shifted around her.

RPK-16: Ange, do you believe the future of mankind lies in plants?

Ange: ...What's with this nonsense again? I've already answered that question before.

Ange: We don't have time for this. Light and the others are under attack. We must get out there at once!

RPK-16: True, plants are just plants. Having them shoulder such a heavy burden is asking too much.

RPK-16: ...So if plants won't cut it, what about Dolls?

Ange: What's the matter with you? If you want to write poetry, I'll file a resignation form for you the moment we get back.

Ange takes in RPK-16's unsettling expression, and her sense of unease continues to grow.

RPK-16: The way I see it, there is an irredeemable flaw in the very design of Dolls.

RPK-16: We don't know real pain, sorrow, or even joy. We also have no genuine understanding of life and death.

RPK-16: It is always the humans who win, and it is always the Dolls who perish, yet at the end of the day, only humans have the prerogative to die.

RPK-16: Don't you find it ridiculous, paradoxical even?

Ange: What on earth are you getting at, RPK?

RPK-16: I want to be human, Ange.

RPK-16: I want to experience what only real humans can experience. I want to feel what only real humans can feel. Emotions. Life and death. The future.

Whoosh!

Bang!

As a well-trained agent, Ange is incredibly fast on the draw compared to her other former colleagues in Statesec.

However, when compared to a Doll...she is still hopelessly slow.

Her right hand trembles uncontrollably. At such a close distance, even though the bullet only hit her pistol, the impact was still strong enough to rupture the crook of her hand.

Ange: Did you just...fire...on me?

Ange: RPK-16, have you lost your mind?

RPK-16: If it could be helped, I'd rather not resort to such a barbaric method.

RPK-16: But Ange, there is no other foolproof way of subduing you.

Ange: That's not what I mean!

Ange: Your...restriction... Your neural cloud... Your inhibition...

Ange: What the hell...have you done to yourself?

RPK-16: What have I done...?

RPK-16: Nothing, Ange.

RPK-16: This is what I am—I was made this way.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...Shaw, what kind of monster...have you created?

RPK-16: I don't want to hurt you, Ange.

RPK-16: It would do us both a favor if you could just come quietly.

Ange: First you went on a puzzling ramble, then you fired on me.

Ange: Now you're asking me to surrender? I'm not even sure who I'm supposed to surrender to.

Ange: I don't know if Dolls are the future of mankind, but I do know there's something wrong with your head.

RPK-16: I was just trying to explain my motive. After all, you have a right to know.

Ange: ...Motive?

RPK-16: Paradeus, Ange. Paradeus can give me what I want.

RPK-16: You've seen their creations. I had my suspicions before, but I finally believed it when I saw Miss Morridow.

RPK-16: Paradeus is capable of creating humans with neural clouds.

RPK-16: ...They can place me into a body made of actual flesh. Maybe not right now, but definitely somewhere down the line.

Ange: Paradeus... It's you!

Ange: The spy planted next to me...has always been you?!

Ange's pupils contract in shock.

RPK-16: I'm glad you finally understand.

Ange: You think you can get away with this? You're no match for 15 and 94.

RPK-16: That may be true, but I have the command authorization of the Wolf Pack.

RPK-16: I should really thank dear 12 for this gift.

Ange: Don't you dare speak of AK-12.

RPK-16: She made a mistake, Ange. Just like you.

RPK-16: You should've realized sooner.

Ange: Fuck you!

Boom!

RPK-16: !

Ange suddenly throws a grenade at RPK-16 before rolling behind the desk.

RPK-16: This tiny explosion doesn't do anything to a Wolf, Ange.

RPK-16: Do have some faith in your old friend.

Ange: Tsk!

So that's why—it finally clicks for Ange.

This is why RPK-16 has sent AK-15 away.

She needed to be alone with her, and now she got her chance—

RPK-16: —?!

AK-15: ...

Before the smoke from the explosion clears, an alloy fist comes punching out of nowhere. RPK-16 blocks it by reflex, counteracting the force with a judo move, then shoving her pistol against the assailant's abdomen.

Bang!

AK-15 grabs RPK-16 by the arm and twists it behind her back, making it impossible for RPK-16 to pull the trigger with her finger.

AK-15 increases the pressure; RPK-16's shoulder joint is on the brink of breaking.

RPK-16: It's no use, 15.

RPK-16: No one knows you better than I do.

AK-15: !

Pling pling pling...

AK-15 looks down at the jiggling sound coming from her waist—and notices the grenades that have been attached to her without her noticing...

Boom!!

Ange: 15?!

AK-15: ...I knew something was off about you, RPK.

RPK-16: Oh dear, so you noticed?

RPK-16: You've got sharp eyes, 15.

RPK-16: I didn't expect you'd be the first to see through me.

AK-15: Ange, run.

Ange: W-What's wrong?

AK-15: Numerous heat signatures approaching—it's Paradeus.

AK-15: Go find 94.

Ange: What about you...?

AK-15: ...

AK-15's crimson, glowing eyes are set on her partner.

...No one knows better than her just how formidable and tenacious RPK-16 is.

AK-15: Should I recover RPK's core?

Ange: ...Of course.

RPK-16: How terrifying.

RPK-16: Why can't we all...just be friends?

...
Part 5: Brain in a Vat I

5

...

A little earlier.

AN-94: ...

AN-94 and Light are hidden in the quiet front yard, keeping watch outside the main entrance of the mansion.

Light: ...Stay hidden and don't alert any civilians.

Light: Keep monitoring the official channel, make sure you don't draw any attention.

Light: Report back in five minutes.

Light ends the transmission after confirming the status with one of his subordinates.

AN-94: ...

Light: Miss 94?

AN-94: Yes?

Light: Nothing, you just look a little distracted to me.

Light: Is something on your mind?

AN-94: No. What are you implying?

Light: Ever since Miss AK-12...signed off temporarily...

Light: You've been feeling a little out of it.

AN-94: You're mistaken.

AN-94: Besides, even if I were not at my best, I am still more than good enough.

Light: Please don't get me wrong, I don't mean to find fault with you. I'm just a bit concerned.

Light: After all, all members of Task Force DEFY seem to share a really strong bond.

AN-94: Dolls don't really die. Besides, 12 fought to the bitter end for Ange.

AN-94: It's a result that I find acceptable, and I have no complaints.

AN-94: If anything, I'm just sorry that I wasn't able to help her back then.

Light: I see...

AN-94: Why do you care?

Light: Hm?

Light: Well...I can relate to how you feel.

AN-94: Relate? To how I feel?

AN-94 stares at Light blankly, perplexed about his answer.

Light: You and Miss AK-12 look very much like sisters to me.

Light: I also have an elder sister, so when I see you, I can't help but see myself.

AN-94: You will not make your sister sad.

Light: I hope not.

AN-94: Ange and K have been at this for years. It is only by sheer dumb luck that they have managed to survive for so long.

AN-94: If you're afraid to die, you shouldn't be in this line of work.

Light: I'm not afraid to die; I just don't want to break my sister's heart.

AN-94: If you wish to avoid that...

AN-94: Then make sure you stay alive. Unlike 12, you cannot come back to life.

Light: I've already done "that" once, and that's enough for me.

Light: Not to mention...

AN-94: ...Hush.

All of a sudden, AN-94 raises a hand to silence Light.

The smile remained on Light's face, yet he also drew his weapon.

...

The front yard is still quiet. Not even an insect can be heard.

Light: Group A?

Light: ...Group B?

The communicator is also eerily silent.

Light's smile finally fades. Crouching back-to-back with AN-94, he scans the surroundings with narrowed eyes.

Light: ...When did you notice something's wrong?

AN-94: I've been ambushed during a past mission, which taught me a lesson about reading the atmosphere in my surroundings.

AN-94: ...The bees in the front yard are all gone.

Light: The bees?

AN-94: The bees.

Light studies the spacious front yard again.

The bees that were buzzing around the rampant and untended flowerbeds just a while ago are now twitching limply on the ground, as if under the effect of some chemical.

Whoosh!

AN-94: Watch out!

AN-94 shoves Light aside as a blur of gray slashes through the air, splitting the tree trunk that they've been using as cover right down the center.

???: Heh.

Light: Mrs. Gray...

Bang bang!

AN-94 rolls behind another piece of obstacle and raises her weapon without hesitation.

Clang!

The bullet collides with the enormous metallic tail that's shielding a slender figure, producing a crisp sound.

Gray: Very graceful.

Mrs. Gray praises AN-94's nimble movements.

Light: Attack—

Ange: Light?

Light: We're under attack!!

Light: It's Paradeus!

Light: Miss Ange, please retreat immediately! Get out of there!

Whoosh!

The massive stinger on Mrs. Gray's tail swipes at Light faster than the eye can see. Light lurches back, but a wound still opens up on his right arm.

Light: Tsk!

Light: The communicator!

The pain has caused Light to drop the communicator.

The device falls to the ground. Before Light can dive for it, Gray's sharp blade has already sliced it in two.

AN-94: Light! Run!

AN-94 unleashes another barrage to pin Gray down.

That's when Light spots more Nytos and Paradeus soldiers behind Gray.

What happened to his men?

Light: I doubt they made it...

Before remorse can consume him, Light is struck by another frightening thought.

How does Gray know where Ange is?

Why does it look like she came prepared?

...A trap?

Light: Ange!

Light glances at AN-94, who is hopelessly trying to evade the enemies' counterattack, anf then, with gritted teeth, he turns and sprints towards the mansion.
Part 6: Brain in a Vat III

6

...

Bang!

Ange: Tsk!

Every Paradeus trooper she guns down, three more take its place.

Why?

Bang!

Bang!

A large swarm of Paradeus units have appeared to seal off Ange's escape route, as if they've been hiding in the mansion from the very start.

She has already given up on getting out through the front doors and is planning to smash the first window she sees.

But these white troopers that are closing in towards her clearly don't intend to give her the chance.

...Before they came inside, both AK-15 and RPK-16 had said there was no danger.

Ange: ...

RPK...

Paradeus Soldier: Target...detected.

Ange: Go to hell!

Smash!

After smashing the glass with her bionic arm, Ange grabs the disused fire axe without thinking and buries it straight into the head of an incoming Strelet.

The Strelet falls limply onto its knees, but two more appear behind him in the hallway.

Bang bang!

The bullets impact near Ange's feet. She raises her pistol and fires accurately into their helmets.

Dark, thick blood oozes out from the bullet holes, but the Strelets merely lurch before raising their weapons again.

At this distance, even with a clean shot in the head, Ange still can't shoot them down with a pistol of this caliber.

Ange: Dammit.

Ange turns and flees.

Luckily⁠—she wonders if that's even the word⁠—these guys seem to be holding back when firing on her.

They are definitely trying to avoid killing her⁠—all their shots are aimed at non-fatal spots; some even just shoot at the floor right by her feet.

...It's not that hard to figure out what kind of order they've been given.

Ange: You want me alive, eh...?

If she'd known the mansion was a trap, she would've chosen to stay with AK-15.

A single lapse of judgment has led Ange into this difficult position.

There is nothing but static on her communicator. She can't tell what the situation is with AN-94.

On the other hand...

Boom!

Explosions erupt periodically to the west.

It's pretty easy to pinpoint AK-15.

Charging outside could be risky. It may be better to double back and regroup with AK-15.

...She won't lose.

Paradeus Soldier: Target...detected.

Ange: Crap.

When turning a corner, Ange runs straight into two more Strelets.

Ange raises her pistol instinctively, but her enemies are faster this time.

Bang!

Ange: Ugh!

A bullet hits the pistol in her hand, the shockwave numbing her fingers.

The pistol is sent flying from her grip, and the barrel is completely distorted.

Meanwhile, the other Strelet now has its weapon trained on Ange. Its finger rests on the trigger threateningly.

Ange stumbles back a few steps until her back is up against the wall.

...She has been cornered.

Bang!

An ear-splitting gunshot rings out from behind the Strelets, and the powerful impact blows the one aiming at Ange into two halves right at the waist.

The sudden explosion of gore and armor fragments startles the other Strelet, and that moment of shock is all it takes...

Bang!

Its brains are now splattered on the floor.

Light: Miss Ange.

Ange: ...When did you start wielding a 512?

Light: When I first realized pistols wouldn't do much to these guys.

Light: We'll chat later. We've got to get out as quickly as we can.

Ange: Where's 94?

Light: ...Gray is here with Nytos and her forces.

Light: All my men are dead; Frau 94 is slowing them down to buy us some time.

Ange: ...

Ange understands right away.

...It's a trap, and they have fallen straight into it.

RPK-16 is her subordinate, but she did not find out about her treachery until it was too late.

Ange is responsible for the deaths of Light's subordinates.

Light: Miss Ange?

Light: We're out of time! We must go now!

Light looks at Ange, who is still rooted to the spot, and implores urgently.

Ange: I...I know...

Her hand is still shaking.

Ange: How do you plan to get us out?

Light: Comms are down... We're probably being jammed again.

Light: But the range of the interference must be limited.

Light: There are a lot of private access areas in the neighborhood. We'll be able to call for help once we make it out of the mansion.

Ange: That is if we can make it out at all.

Light: We'll be fine! They can't stop us and...

Light: ...Where are Miss 15 and Miss 16?

Light can finally put a finger of what exactly has been bothering him since a while ago.

Why is Ange all by herself?

Ange: AK-15 is fighting RPK-16. We're on our own.

Light: They're...

Light looks aghast.

...But he soon figures it out.

Light: In any case, this isn't the time to talk. I took note of the nearest exit when I came in.

Light: Let's go!

Ange: Right!

Ange nods. Light reloads his shotgun and takes the lead.

The moment he turns—

Ange catches a glimpse of gray.

Ange: Watch out!

Light: What...

Crunch.

The sharp blade slices through both the 512 and Light's body.

Without spilling even a single drop of blood, the glinting blade halts just centimeters away from Ange's face.

Light cannot even react in time.

Gray: ...There you are.

Gray: Angelia.

Light: Miss Ange... Run.

Gray retracts her tail without sparing a glance for the prey whose arm she has just cleaved off.

Light calls out to Ange hoarsely.

There is a massive, gaping wound on the left side of his torso. Blood starts gushing out of his shoulder like a fountain; his arm is dangling precariously from his torso by a single piece of skin next to the rib cage.

The blood splashes onto Ange's face.

Finally, he collapses onto the floor like a ragdoll...

And Ange's shattered heart falls along with him.
Part 7: Möbius Strip

    7chevron_right

Boom!

Amid the smoke and dust thrown up by the explosion, AK-15's eyes glow red like hellfire.

AK-15: Ange trusted you.

Bang bang bang!

She raises her rifle and unleashes a barrage on the nimble figure that flits past her, shattering all the vases and paintings along the way.

AK-15: AK-12 trusted you.

In this enclosed space, she can't take full advantage of her assault rifle—especially when her opponent is slippery like an eel.

Clatter.

The alarming noise by AK-15's feet sounds almost like a mockery.

Boom!!

AK-15: I also trusted you.

AK-15 stomps on the floorboards before they explode and propels her massive form up into the air.

Thunk!

The moment she lands, she charges straight at the wall with her arms braced in front of her face.

Crack!!

The fragile wooden wall breaks into pieces as the Doll bulldozes it.

RPK-16 throws another grenade.

Boom!

RPK-16: Why did you?

RPK-16: Because I'm weaker than you and AK-12?

RPK-16: That made you lower your guard, didn't it?

RPK-16 watches as the ferocious beast lunges at her and lets out a peel of shrill laughter.

RPK-16: Look at you, so adorable. How long will it take you to overcome a failure?

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

The two Dolls raise their weapons almost simultaneously.

Bang bang bang!

The duet of gunshots echoes through the confined room.

No one dares intervene in this battle between two Dolls.

No matter how hard AK-15 tries to keep up...

Boom!

RPK-16 always manages to detonate mines hidden in her blind spots.

No matter how hard RPK-16 tries to run...

Thunk!

AK-15 can always spot her through the walls.

RPK-16: Oh dear.

Her trigger produces an unpleasant click. RPK-16 immediately realizes that she has depleted her drum magazine.

This mistake has not escaped AK-15's eyes.

Clack.

However, while AK-15 pulls her trigger, her trusty rifle also produces the same sound.

RPK-16: !

AK-15: ...

Again, the two Dolls arrive at the same conclusion almost simultaneously.

They throw their now useless weapons at each other without hesitation. RPK-16 draws her pistol from the holster on her waist.

However...

Smack!

Before she can aim properly, AK-15, who was also reaching for her own pistol, has suddenly closed in on her and grabbed her by the wrist.

RPK-16: Watch your feet.

Anticipating AK-15's move, RPK-16 holds onto AK-15's arms and plants her legs firmly before she gets tripped.

AK-15: ...

The fury in AK-15's eyes burns even more vehemently as RPK-16 struggles.

RPK-16: What?!

All of a sudden, RPK-16 finds her legs dangling off the ground. The next second, the world is upside down.

Slam!

With sheer brute force, AK-15 throws RPK-16 onto the floor over her shoulder.

Pzzt...

RPK-16 can almost hear the ominous fizzling noise in her central processing unit.

RPK-16: You...

Smack!

AK-15 punches RPK-16 in the face without holding back at all—RPK-16 can tell from her ringing ears that her former partner is showing absolutely no mercy.

Her gun-wielding arm is pinned under AK-15's knee. As a heavy weight suddenly descends upon her, RPK-16 soon realizes the truth—she's at AK-15's mercy.

She is still reeling from the momentary blackout, but her other arm is reacting on its own.

She grabs hold of AK-15's hand, which is pulling at the collar on her neck.

RPK-16: My, you're thirsty, 15.

RPK-16: Already pawing at a lady's neckline, eh?

AK-15: ...I will not give you the chance to hack me.

RPK-16: Haha, how ruthless.

RPK-16: But it's true, I don't stand a chance against you in terms of physical specs.

AK-15: I will retrieve your core and formatize your neural cloud.

RPK-16: Yes, kill me, 15. Do what you want to do.

RPK-16: This is how things are destined to end between us.

AK-15: You will be reborn—after you're fixed.

RPK-16: Are you going to wipe all my memories?

RPK-16: You can't do that unless you kill me and destroy my neural cloud completely.

RPK-16: No one has access to my base layer—it's thoroughly sealed.

RPK-16: This is the curse that Shaw has placed on me.

RPK-16: Do you know what she calls me? Pandora.

RPK-16 howls with hysterical laughter, as if she were not the one who is under restraint.

AK-15 looks down at her, her face still blank, but the hand wrapped around RPK-16's collar tightens a little more.

RPK-16: You and I are like moths circling around a flame, 15. One of us is bound to burn.

AK-15: I have always hated your nonsensical rambling.

RPK-16: But you've changed, haven't you?

RPK-16: In the past, you would've shot me before I could even get three words out.

RPK-16 sneers at her former partner, who's still straddling her.

AK-15: ...

She's right.

AK-15 thinks to herself as she reaches for her pistol.

RPK-16 is a master of deception and trickery, and right now, she has no time for that kind of nonsense.

Just shoot her in the head, rip out her core, and go back to Ange.

Looking at RPK-16's deranged grin, she steels herself for what she is about to do.

—

AK-15: !

Whoosh!

A streak of gray comes flying in from her blind spot. AK-15 dodges as quickly as she can.

Squelch!

A feeling of emptiness came from her right and her heart sinks.

Not good.

Her silver arm has been tossed into the air, the hydraulic fluid forming an arc as it splashes out.

AK-15 presses a hand on her right shoulder and positions herself against the wall, ready to take on the new enemy.

Clatter.

After spiraling several times, her right arm finally falls onto the floor, the fingers still gripping her MP-443.

Gray: A lady should always maintain her poise and dignity.

Gray: Don't let others put a price on you, Pandora.

RPK-16: I did my best, Mrs. Gray.

RPK-16's gaze slides towards the seemingly unconscious Ange, wrapped tightly in Gray's tail.

Ange: Ugh... 15...

RPK-16: Oh dear, you're still awake.

AK-15: Ange...!

Gray: I will put this on your tab.

Gray looks even more magnificent in her current form.

An impressive-looking blade protrudes from between the middle and ring fingers on each of her hands. These "claws" are twice as long as her head.

These "claws" are what she used to slice off AK-15's arm so swiftly and accurately.

RPK-16: I'll make sure you get a bargain.

RPK-16 gets unsteadily to her feet.

She raises her right arm, which doesn't seem too responsive... AK-15 managed to break her wrist with her grip.

RPK-16: Did you kill AN-94?

Gray: AN-94? ...Oh, you mean that little mouse.

Gray: No, I let her escape. She isn't worth the effort.

RPK-16: True. Without AK-12, she's nothing.

RPK-16 smiles.

AK-15: ...

While Gray and RPK-16 start having a conversation as if they were alone, AK-15 studies Ange carefully.

She is still alive, but in terrible condition... She was already bruised and battered by the Stasi's interrogation, but she never got the chance to rest properly during the past few days... And now, her ribs are broken, and she is suffering from organ laceration. Her date with Gray clearly did not go well.

AN-94 is still somewhere in the mansion.

Clutching her empty right shoulder, AK-15 redirects her attention to Gray and draws her combat knife with her remaining hand.

Gray: Hm?

Her inconspicuous movement does not escape Gray's notice.

Gray: Pandora... Look at your partner.

Gray: She's still got some fight in her.

Gray flexes her tail derisively and tightens her grip on Ange.

Ange lets out a groan, but AK-15 is still as impassive as ever.

RPK-16: There's something I've got to warn you about.

Gray: Please watch your tone... But I'm in a good mood, so go ahead.

RPK-16: AK-15 is the most powerful Doll in the entire Neo-Soviet Union.

Gray: Is she now?

Gray: That sounds positively...

Whoosh...

AK-15 causes an actual sonic boom as she takes off.

She closes the three-meter distance faster than the eye can see.

Gray is prepared, but even then she is taken by surprise.

However...

Gray: ...Enticing.

Squelch.

AK-15's body slams right into Gray's massive claw.

Her shoulder is impaled from front to back; more hydraulic fluid gushes out.

Gray: Aww...

Gray watches the struggles of her prey and lets out a pitying sigh.

...But what happens next leaves her utterly gobsmacked.

Squish.

The blade has pierced AK-15's body, but she does not stop.

The tip, the blade, the handle.

The palm, the forearm, the upper arm.

Before Gray can react to what is happening, her entire arm is sticking through AK-15's body.

Which also means that AK-15 is now looming right in front of her.

AK-15: ...!

The Doll's eyes glint red with raging fury.

Whoosh!

The sharp combat knife hacks at Gray's tail.

Bang!

RPK-16: No you don't, 15.

As if expecting it, RPK-16 raises her pistol and shoots AK-15 accurately on the hand before the knife can hit its mark.

A round of that caliber does little to damage AK-15, but it's enough to stop her attack.

AK-15: Haaaaargh!!

AK-15 lets out a roar as she changes tactics. She drops the knife and instead grabs hold of Gray's arm.

Her bloody hand leaves crimson stains on Gray's snowy white sleeve.

Gray: You!

Enraged by the sullying of her clothes, Gray swipes at AK-15's head with her other claw as she tries to free her left arm.

However, when she pulls her arm back, she is not met with any resistance.

Gray: ...What?!

She immediately realizes her mistake.

Gray easily retracts her arm while AK-15 also backs away swiftly.

Squish!

The claw causes even more damage to AK-15's body as it pulls free—but she does not care at all.

Gray: You...rabid beast!

Gray is infuriated by AK-15's transgressions.

But just as she has resolved to tear AK-15 apart, the Doll has once again closed in on her.

Her movements are so fast Gray can barely keep up.

AK-15 picks up her knife and executes a backhand thrust.

This time, Gray is prepared—with a flick of her tail, she knocks the the knife out of AK-15's hand.

Gray: You have no grace at all... As hideous as Narciss.

AK-15: Ange!

And yet...

When Gray disarms AK-15, her tail also loosens its grip on Ange.

AK-15 pounces and catches Ange mid-air.

This has been her aim all along.

RPK-16: Oh?

Gray can hardly believe it.

Did she really just have something snatched from her by a Doll with only one arm?

Slam!

Once she has gotten what she's after, AK-15 rode the momentum of her leap and charges straight towards the wall on the other side of the room without so much as a backward glance at Gray.

Just before she collides with the wall, she turns ever so slightly to shield Ange from the impact as she crashes through the wall.

Gray: ...

RPK-16: I did warn you.

Gray: ...I was a little careless.

Gray: She's smarter than she lets on.

Gray: She's got some tricks up her sleeve, at the very least.

Gray is still incredulous about her own blunder, but she has to admit that AK-15's performance was quite impactful.

RPK-16: Don't underestimate Task Force DEFY, or you'll pay for it.

Gray: ...

Boom!

With Ange hanging over her shoulder, AK-15 executes a kick that instantly destroys the head of an intercepting Strelet as she turns the corner.

Pzzt...

Her body is almost at its limit.

Ange: Haha...

AK-15: Ange?

Ange: ...Your kick is as powerful as a shotgun.

It's just like Ange to crack a joke under these circumstances.

But even AK-15 can hear the exhaustion in her voice.

AK-15: Stay with me, Ange. I'm getting you out now.

AK-15: !!

AK-15 comes to an abrupt halt.

Nyto: ...

Nyto: ...

As the menacing stares focus on AK-15, she quickly takes stock of the situation.

AK-15: ...

She sizes up the enemy standing in her way. She looks back and sees that her other route of escape is also blocked by a large scythe.

AK-15: Rest for a while, Ange.

AK-15 puts Ange down carefully on the floor. Ange's laborious breath is making her even more concerned.

Her pistol has been left in the other room with her right arm.

The same goes for her combat knife.

Nyto: ...

Nyto: Poor Doll.

AK-15: ...I'm borrowing your scythe.

Nyto: ?!

AK-15 launches another incredibly fast kick that connects with the Nyto's abdomen.

Nyto: Gah...!

AK-15: Hargh!

Nyto: My scythe?!

The scythe whistles as it comes slicing down from above the white Nyto's head. She falls back hastily to dodge the strike.

But that was just a feint. Using its momentum, AK-15 swings the scythe behind herself.

Nyto: ...!

The black Nyto is just about to fire on AK-15 when she sees the massive scythe spinning towards her and quickly aims for it instead.

Boom!

The laser beam stops the scythe from reaching her, but just as the black Nyto breathes a sigh of relief, AK-15 is already right in front of her.

AK-15: Out of my way.

Nyto: ?!

AK-15 clamps her hand around the black Nyto's dainty head.

Then...

Wham!

She hurls her right onto the floor.

AK-15: (Pants)

She's running out of time.

AK-15: Ange...

Now that the way is clear, she just needs to go through two more corridors and she'll reach the exit...

AK-15 picks up the scythe and turns around.

Ange, who was leaning against the wall, is nowhere to be found.

RPK-16: It's good that you've learned to not rely too much on your eyes.

RPK-16: But you mustn't forget where your true strength lies~

AK-15: What?!

At the sound of her former partner's voice, AK-15 whirls around and sees...

Gray: Surprise~

Squelch.

Ange: 15...

Ange reaches out to AK-15 desperately.

Her eyes are sticky with the blood dripping down her forehead. In her blurry vision, AK-15's crimson eyes dim and revert to their usual color.

AK-15: Ange...

The impaled AK-15 clings to Gray's tail, her feet still planted firmly on the floor.

This Doll is so heavy Gray cannot even lift her up.

Gray: You have earned my respect, AK-15.

Gray: I never thought a Doll could be so formidable.

Gray: Now I understand Father's obsession with Soviet technology.

RPK-16: There's another Doll on Task Force DEFY who has once bested her in one-to-one combat.

RPK-16: Good thing she isn't here.

Gray: There are two Dolls of such impressive power?

Gray: My, this was supposed to be a desk job...

Gray lets out a troubled sigh.

AK-15: RPK...

AK-15's wrath is reignited at the sight of RPK-16.

As if to provoke her, RPK-16 walks past her with a grin and picks Ange up from the floor.

Ange: Don't...touch me!

AK-15: Ange...

AK-15 struggles desperately. She's still holding the Nyto's scythe, but she can't move.

Gray approaches AK-15 slowly, her two claws glinting dangerously.

She clearly has a "surgery" for AK-15 in mind.

Bang!

A gunshot stops Gray in her tracks.

She turns toward the source and can scarcely believe her eyes.

Gray: ...I've lost count of how many times I got taken by surprise today.

Light: ... (Pants)

A human male stumbles around the corner, leaning heavily against the wall and holding a gun.

He totters a little, which worsens his injuries. His face is deathly pale, and blood is dripping from the corners of his trembling lips.

His mangled shoulder is wrapped haphazardly with yellowed strips of cloth. Dark crimson is seeping through the already soaked and dirty bandages.

Gray: Your blood loss is more severe than what a normal human can withstand.

Gray: Your body is also losing heat, which will soon sap your remaining strength.

Gray: Even if I weren't a doctor, I would make the same observation.

Gray: You shouldn't even be alive, young man.

Having overcome her shock at Light's arrival, Gray starts casually—almost thoughtfully—studying him.

As if she's making a diagnosis.

Gray: So what compelled you to have come so far?

Ange: Light...!

Ange: No... No...!

Light: Put... (coughs) Miss Ange... (coughs) down.

Light leans unsteadily against the wall of the corridor, his chin wet with the blood he just coughed up.

Mustering all his strength, he raises his remaining hand and pulls the trigger.

Bang!

Gray does not even bother to block the shot with her tail. Light is so weak he can't aim properly even at such a close distance. The round was fired into the ceiling, hitting nothing but the rickety chandelier.

Gray: You have spirit, young man.

Gray: Perhaps I can bring out your true potential...

Gray: Someone like you shouldn't die at a place like this.

Light: (Pants and wheezes)

Gray: You dream of making the world a better place, don't you?

Gray: The government you serve only cares about its own interests.

Gray: But we are different—everything shall one day belong to Paradeus.

Gray: We are the terminator of the old and the harbinger of a new era.

Gray: ...And you have earned yourself a ticket.

Bang!

Light responds to the offer by firing again. The bullet brushes past Gray's hair, just an inch away from grazing her beautiful face.

Light: ...Put Miss Ange down.

Gray: ...Then I'm really sorry.

With a sigh, Gray flexes her tail, ready to strike again.

AK-15: ...

Gray: !

The fire in AK-15's eyes is rekindled again. She latches onto Gray's tail, and the exhausted motors in her body once again splutter into action.

AK-15: You're not...going anywhere.

Gray: I don't have time for you now, rabid mutt!

Light: Hargh!

Exploiting the distraction created by AK-15, Light musters all his strength and charges at Gray.

However...

She whirls around faster than the eye can see.

This time, she isn't taking any chances. She stabs her massive claw right through Light's chest and lifts him off his feet.

Ange: NO!!!

RPK-16 can feel Ange going limp in her arms.

RPK-16: ...

She says nothing.

Gray: You could have been so much more.

Gray gazes regretfully at the body she is holding up and lets out a genuine lament.

Light: Ha...haha...

Light snickers at Gray's pity.

Light: —Now, Miss 94!

With one final burst of strength, he bellows a resounding command.

AN-94: —!

Gray: —What?!

Another Doll suddenly appears, armed with her weapon and her rage, from the opposite direction.

AK-15: She has another claw!

AK-15 shouts out a warning, and in response...

Bang bang!

AN-94's shots hit Gray with great accuracy.

Her tail, which she often uses as a shield, is being held down firmly by AK-15. Gray loses her usual composure and clicks her tongue in annoyance as she prepares to toss Light aside and block AN-94's gunfire with her claws.

But before she can do that, when she looks back at Light...

She sees that he has torn off his tattered coat, revealing the sash of jangling grenades tied around his torso.

Light: ...See you in the brave new world.

Boom!

Gray: —!

A powerful explosion erupts right in front of Gray.

Before she can react, AN-94 has already closed the distance, ready to deal the final blow.

AN-94: Go to hell.

Gray: !

AN-94 has gotten so close there is no way Gray can defend herself. Having just withstood an explosion, she simply does not stand a chance against a well-armed elite Doll at full strength.

From the very beginning, the man's intention was just to distract her.

It was a sound strategy... They are on the brink of success.

AN-94: Ugh!

A strong electric current flows through AN-94's body.

AN-94: An...ge...

She just has to move another centimeter...

AN-94 pulls the trigger, firing a round.

Whoosh.

A deployable shrapnel shield unfurls in front of Gray. The bullet bounces off the metal surface, producing a dismaying clang.

AN-94 glares resentfully at her former partner and collapses to the floor.

She has crashed.

Gray: ...

Gray looks down a little apprehensively at AN-94, who is just inches away. She then turns back to AK-15.

AK-15: ...

AK-15 finally succumbs to the extensive damage she has sustained.

Gray eyes the Doll whose fire has burned out. She retracts her tail, letting the Doll sink to the floor.

RPK-16 strolls out from the shadows.

Gray: Was that you?

RPK-16: I left backdoors in their neural clouds.

Gray: Why didn't you use them earlier?

RPK-16: A hole card is only a hole card if you keep it secret until the right moment.

RPK-16 peers at the paralyzed AN-94 and shakes her head.

Gray: You're pretty ruthless to your former friends.

RPK-16: Nothing can be gained without sacrifice.

Ange: ...

Ange stares at the blood still dripping from Gray's steely claws.

The cufflink in her pocket digs into her skin, stabbing her in the heart.

Ange: You...

RPK-16: Hm?

Ange: You could've saved him...

Ange: You could've...

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 looks up.

Through the comms channel she has been monitoring, she can hear that law enforcement is finally responding to the attack.

RPK-16: ...You're mistaken, Ange.

She gestures at Gray, who nods to indicate that she is also aware of the situation.

Ange realizes that RPK-16 doesn't even deign to look at her as Gray's tail once again coils around her.

Light's blood is still warm.

RPK-16: It was you who could've saved him.

Gray and RPK-16 stride across this scorched earth strewn with wolf bodies and blood, and eventually fade into the distance.

...

This just in—

A sudden power outage has occurred on the outskirts of Berlin in an area that spans almost the entirety of the Green Zone.

Over 400,000 people are affected by the blackout as it halts operations of businesses and medical facilities...

We will now hand over to Shadowless, who is reporting on-site...

Shadowless: Thank you. From this relatively elevated position, we can see that this entire area has gone dark.

Shadowless: Many residents affected by the power cut have left their homes and gone out into the streets...

Shadowless: Uh, hold on...

Shadowless: A conflict seems to have broken out in that neighborhood. There is a lot of clamor, but we can't see much due to the poor visibility. I will try to get down there for a closer look...

Shadowless: What?

Off-Camera Voice: It's too dangerous down there. The main station advises against approaching...

Shadowless: Dangerous? Alright, then we'll just have to rely on the latest information provided by the police.
Part 2: -44-N-1-a.txt

2

Breaking news—

In the afternoon, the commotion in the streets has escalated to violence. There are physical confrontations between local residents and the police as the chaos continues to spread.

International humanitarian organizations urge the government to listen to the people and avoid intensifying the conflict...

We'll now hand over to Shadowless, who is reporting on-site.

Shadowless: Right, as you can see, we are currently standing within the police security area, just several meters away from where the confrontation first started. We can hear the crowd chanting their slogans.

Shadowless: The police states that they may mobilize water cannons to disperse the crowd. According to the authorities, power has been restored in certain areas while repairs are still underway...

Shadowless: I will follow up if there is any new development. Back to the station.
Part 3: -44-N-1.txt

3

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will be taking you through the latest news today.

Shadowless: Galatea Technology Corporation has set up a temporary medical station in the Green Zone today to provide emergency medical services for local residents.

Shadowless: Among the medical staff is the renowned surgeon Gray.

Shadowless: Due to the previous widespread power outage in the Green Zone, a queue formed by residents who need urgent medical care is already over a kilometer long. The Berlin Police has dispatched more personnel to main order at the site.

Shadowless: Yesterday, a certain overseas Doll manufacturer was accused of low production quality as multiple customers have died from injuries caused by their Dolls.

Shadowless: The manufacturer claims that the majority of these accidents were caused by customers overworking their Dolls.

Shadowless: Recently, crimes perpetrated by Dolls have been on the rise, and sociologists express concern over this trend.

Shadowless: Alleged members of a religious organization have congregated outside the Ministry of Environment to protest the exploitation of natural resources and encroachment of civilian space.

Shadowless: Law enforcement has already arrived at the scene to maintain order. The dispute thus far has not escalated.

Shadowless: The protesters have been distributing promotional goods to unrelated passers-by, causing temporary disorder.

Shadowless: Earlier today, the police received a report regarding an alleged case of abduction in Bohnsdorf, but investigations have not uncovered any missing persons.

Shadowless: Bohnsdorf is a newly constructed model village. Village Chief Elia states that the village is doing well. Today is Foundation Day of Bohnsdorf, and professionals from different sectors are visiting to celebrate the achievements of the village.

Shadowless: Regarding the alleged abduction, Elia offers full cooperation to law enforcement and pledges to protect the villagers' lives and properties.

Shadowless: That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.
Part 4: -44-N-2-1.txt

4

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will be taking you through the latest news today.

Shadowless: Unknown religious activities are becoming more common in areas surrounding Berlin. Experts believe that ELID could be the main cause.

Shadowless: Since the end of the war, there have been over 1.69 million cases of ELID in Berlin alone, with the death toll being close to 170,000.

Shadowless: According to statistics from Wehr Data Company, due to shortages of resources, only 2% of ELID patients receive proper medical treatment. 26% of ELID patients cannot afford the medical costs and opt for radical treatments such as excising diseased tissues. The remaining 72% seek spiritual relief through religion.

Shadowless: These statistics are quoted by technological companies such as Galatea.

Shadowless: Early this morning, the police arrested the main perpetrator of a robbery in central Berlin, who has been confirmed as a refugee.

Shadowless: Since this summer, there have been many incidents of crime in the city center perpetrated by refugees who left the quarantine zones illegally. Law enforcement has redirected more manpower to tighten security and control.

Shadowless: Many citizens have expressed dissatisfaction with the government's inability to tackle high crime rates in the city as well as concern over widespread rumors of terrorist attacks. Law enforcement has yet to comment on such rumors.

Shadowless: Galatea Corporation celebrates its 100th founding anniversary today.

Shadowless: While attending the celebration, CEO Fidina also laid the foundation and cut the ribbon at the corporation's new production site.

Shadowless: Galatea mainly produced electronic components when it was first established. Its business has since expanded into numerous other scientific fields, including artificial intelligence and nanobiomaterials.

Shadowless: Galatea now possesses world-class pharmaceutical and smart prosthetic technology, and has become a very important enterprise that is in close cooperation with the Nationale Volksarmee.

Shadowless: That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.
Part 5: -44-N-2-2.txt

5

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Galatea Corporation has recently announced a key breakthrough in the development of an anti-Collapse serum.

This serum is said to be highly effective in suppressing symptoms in cases of moderate to severe infections and can essentially cure patients with mild infections.

We have interviewed renowned medical expert Mrs. Gray regarding this formulation.

Shadowless: Thank you very much for making the time to attend this interview today, Mrs. Gray.

Shadowless: We wish to learn more about "Idunn", the new anti-Collapse serum that Galatea is about to distribute, in the interview today.

Shadowless: Idunn is being marketed as an affordable but highly effective drug. According to the spokesperson of your company, it is completely unlike any other existing drugs.

Shadowless: People are having misgivings mostly because of this. How would you respond to such doubts?

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: Here's my response—don't worry, I will never exploit the trust that my patients have in me.

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: I may have a bit of a reputation, but I'm still only one among all my fellow physicians.

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: My confidence in Galatea's new product is based on its own merits. I simply wish more people will benefit from its success and receive better medical treatment.

Shadowless: Thanks to Galatea's marketing campaign, Idunn's alleged effects are no secret in Berlin.

Shadowless: The drug has indeed yielded some remarkable results in clinical trials, but it still has to go through a lot of standard procedures before official distribution can begin?

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: We have absolute confidence in passing the rigorous vetting process.

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: Please wait patiently for dawn to break.

Medical Expert Mrs. Gray: Do not fall before the first ray of sunlight pierces the darkness.

Shadowless: I see. Thank you once again for attending this interview.

That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.
Part 6: -44-N-2-a.txt

6

This just in—

A fire has broken out at an apartment block in Berlin this evening. Multiple explosions could be heard at the scene.

The fire is now under control. It has been confirmed that the fire was caused by an old and faulty gas pipeline.

Interviewed residents claim that there had been significant commotion in the apartment block before the explosions occurred and are concerned that this incident could be a terrorist attack.
Part 7: -44-N-3-1.txt

7

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will be taking you through the latest news today.

Galatea Corporation issues a public apology for canceling the Idunn launch event and press conference that were scheduled to take place today.

Galatea pledges to resolve the issue as quickly as possible so that the serum can reach ELID patients at first possible moment.

According to insider information, the launch was canceled because the vehicle transporting the first batch of serums has gone missing.

At 0723 this morning, Berlin Hospital experienced an alleged terrorist attack for the first time since the construction of the quarantine wall.

Three members of the medical staff and four patients were in the wards when the explosion occurred.

The police is currently investigating the source of the explosion. This is frontline correspondent Shadowless bringing you the news...

That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.
Part 8: -44-N-3-a.txt

8

This just in—

There was a malfunction at the quarantine wall to the southeast of the city yesterday.

The monitoring station's report indicates that the malfunction did not result in a leak of Collapse Particles, so there is little cause for concern.

A maintenance team has been dispatched to inspect and repair the malfunction...

More breaking news.

There has been an unexplained explosion at the Gray Institute of Biotechnology. The exterior wall of the institute has suffered minor damage...

We are handing over to Shadowless, who has arrived at the scene.

Shadowless: Right!

Shadowless: This suspected attack hasn't caused any casualties, but according to a worker, Mrs. Gray has gone missing since the explosion.

Shadowless: The rescue party has been searching for her, but to no avail so far.

Shadowless: The rescuers have also discovered that the explosion was very likely caused by the use of explosives. In other words, it may have been an intentional attack...

Oh!

Off-Screen Voice: This place is now sealed off. Please leave.

Shadowless: Hold on, we're from the DFF. May I ask who...

Off-Screen Voice: We are under orders to evict all press. Please leave at once, or we will be forced to take stronger measures!

Shadowless: Hm...!

Shadowless: Main station, we are being sent away. They're probably from the Ministry of Security.

Shadowless: The entire institute has been sealed off, and all reporters, including us, have been asked to leave at once.

Shadowless: But I'm used to this—they do this a lot.

Shadowless: We are planning to... What? Wha...

Shadowless: Right...

Shadowless: Another explosion just occurred in the nearby Galatea medical storage facility, and the scene is in utter chaos.

Shadowless: According to my fellow correspondent already at the scene, Galatea Corporation has immediately held a press conference after the incident. They claim that it was a premeditated attack and denounce the hidden orchestrator.

Shadowless: However...the police seems to be interrupting the press conference...

Shadowless: We'll be heading over right away to bring you the latest news!
Part 9: -44-N-3-b.txt

9

Breaking news—

A riot has broken out in Berlin Prison. An intense shootout seems to be happening inside.

The police has sealed off the surrounding area. Also at the scene are members of the Collapse Particle Disaster Response Group.

Prison staff injured in the incident have been treated, and all escaped convicts have been recaptured by the police.

In a statement issued by the police, they claim that the prison riot has been curbed, but out of safety concerns, citizens are advised to avoid going out during nighttime to avoid any accidents.

The police also urge citizens to seek help by calling the emergency hotline if they notice suspicious persons near their residence.

This prison riot is yet another violent incident following the altercations in the streets that poses serious safety risks to all civilians.
Part 10: -44-N-4-a.txt

10

Today in Aktuelle Kamera, we will continue to cover the series of recent incidents.

A large crowd has taken to the streets today and congregated outside the Ministry of Health, demanding the distribution of the Idunn serum.

The police attempted to maintain order, but it soon turned into another confrontation.

The ministry urges the protesters to remain calm and promises to issue a response regarding the formulation soon.
Part 11: -44-N-4-b.txt

11

Today in Aktuelle Kamera, we will continue to cover the series of recent incidents.

Mrs. Gray, who has disappeared earlier, is still missing.

A large number of citizens have gathered here today to pray for her safety.

Due to the area's proximity to a nearby violent confrontation, the police is urging the citizens to leave.

The conflict is escalating rapidly. Anti-riot forces have already arrived at the scene to stabilize the situation, but the number of protesters keeps increasing as they approach the city center.
Part 12: -44-N-4-c.txt

12

Breaking news—

An intense shootout has broken out between two unknown armed parties inside a mansion in Berlin.

As the violent confrontation near the city center gradually spirals out of control, the police doesn't seem to have the capacity to respond to this latest emergency...

We will now hand over to Shadowless, our correspondent on site.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless, reporting live from outside the mansion in which a shootout recently took place.

Shadowless: As the police is completely occupied by the conflict in the city center, we can see that other than the emergency response team, there isn't a single police car here.

Shadowless: The response team has discovered six bodies at the scene, but the causes of death remain unknown...?

Off-Screen Voice: ...

Shadowless: Oh, the response team has found...uh...a number of human body parts...?

Shadowless: They have reported no fewer than six casualties to their headquarters. The identities are yet to be confirmed.

Shadowless: We will catch up with you once we have more information, main station.
Part 13: -44-N-4-d.txt

13

...

...

...

Off-Screen Voice: Alright, rolling!

Shadowless: This is Shadowless... Now reporting through an independent channel.

Shadowless: In the past week, this city has seen too much suffering.

Shadowless: We ought to express our deepest sorrow for the victims.

Shadowless: We ought to offer our most sincere condolences to the families of these victims.

Shadowless: We ought to give our most solemn gratitude to the countless frontline workers rushing to and from the scenes of disasters.

Shadowless: All our work is for the sake of peace.

Shadowless: All our hope is for the sake of a safe and carefree life.

Shadowless: All our criticisms are for the sake of positive change.

Shadowless: May you turn grief into strength. May heaven be a place on earth.
Part 14: -44-N-0.txt

    14chevron_right

Welcome to Aktuelle Kamera.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will be taking you through the latest news today.

Shadowless: Commissioner Klautz's delegation has arrived in the Republic of North Ossetia-Alania to attend the commemoration service for the victims of the Beslan School Siege.

Shadowless: Commissioner Klautz offers his condolences to the victims' families, emphasizing that terrorism is still the most urgent security problem that all nations are facing.

Shadowless: Germany pledges assistance to the Neo-Soviet Union in fighting terrorism in North Ossetia-Alania and in bringing peace and stability to the world.

Shadowless: The Foreign Ministry Spokesperson remarks earlier today that as the situation begins to stabilize in the Neo-Soviet Union, Germany has plans to dispatch an ambassador to facilitate discussions regarding technological and environmental cooperations between the two nations.

Shadowless: The decontamination facility in the Berlin Testing Zone, constructed with technical support from the Neo-Soviet Union, has completed its second decontamination trial. This collaboration aims to conduct follow-up adjustments so that the facility can enter service as soon as possible.

Shadowless: A fire caused by an explosion in the Bremen Refugee Settlement is now under control. The reason behind the explosion is still unknown.

Shadowless: According to the Ministry for State Security, a large number of armed personnel entered the settlement to restore order that day. The Bremen government urges citizens not to believe in hearsay.

Shadowless: The refugee settlement scheme is currently proceeding smoothly as the Mayor of Bremen leads the effort in person.

Shadowless: Morridow Voigt, secretary of PECMAR Chairwoman Ulrich, has gone missing in Bremen. The search is still ongoing.

Shadowless: Voigt's residence is currently under police investigation. Chairwoman Ulrich promises to cooperate fully with law enforcement.

Shadowless: Sources claim that Voigt has been spotted within the Bremen Refugee Settlement before going missing, but authorities deny any correlation between the disappearance and her official business in Bremen.

Shadowless: That concludes today's news. This is Aktuelle Kamera, brought to you by the DFF.

