The mysterious Earl "Griffin" has issued the Commander a new mission.

Kryuger: We all call him the "Earl".

Kryuger: So should you.

Kryuger: You will live until the end. I can sense it.

Kryuger: But I must give you a word of advice.

Kryuger: ...Trust no one.

Commander: Does that include... yourself and "the Earl"?

Kryuger: Oh yes. ESPECIALLY him.

A Nyto named "Morridow" is currently plotting a terrorist attack of unprecedented scale in Berlin.

M4 SOPMOD II: What's this mission about?

Commander: Find our target and bring her to a designated location.

Griffin: To launch a terrorist attack in Berlin, explosives won't work.

Griffin: It has to be with some kind of new weapon that cannot be detected.

Griffin: A weapon...That we are both familiar with.

Angelia: You want me to look into this?

Griffin: Once you have settled this business in Berlin, I will give you the location of the mansion.

New characters have made their entrances in turn. Some are friends, while others are adversaries.

Angelia: Machlian... or Morridow?

Commander: ...Machlian, for the time being.

Gray: My nurses don't tend to enter the operating room.

Angelia: Let me guess—they're busy committing murder and arson at your bidding at night?

The scarred and battered city becomes mired in trouble amidst gunsmoke.

Machlian: First we'll go to the prison... Then we'll make the medicine.

Machlian: I can give you all the medicine, even my life.

Machlian: Robin... We can save a lot of people...

ST AR-15: These people are definitely not normal.

ST AR-15: They must've ingested or inhaled something, but it doesn't look like a stimulant.

AK-12: What the hell?! Couldn't you think of a better idea?!

AK-15: There are no bio signs in the building.

AK-15: I'm not detecting AK-12's signal either.

Unavoidable traps. Unexpected trust and betrayal.

Angelia: The mansion.

Angelia: The mansion is here.

RPK-16: Really? Alright then.

RPK-16: ...I suppose there's no stopping you.

Light: I hope I can be someone like you one day.

Angelia: What do you mean, someone like me?

Light: A hero.

Machlian: ...I am human.

Machlian: I do have a heartbeat, so I am not a monster.

Machlian: I am human.

Perosa: Where is the Commander?

Morridow: Haven't I told you already?

Morridow: ...The Commander is in Hell.

Morridow: The AR Team, bereft of ammunition and supplies, fighting against Narciss and me.

Morridow: Do you think you can protect Nimogen?

M4A1: ...Don't worry, Commander.

M4A1: I'm back.

War is always accompanied by blood and tears.

Kryuger: They are people who know why they fight.

Kryuger: Their convictions make them keener, braver, fiercer, and more eager for battle.

Kryuger: What you seek is peace, while you fight for a greater peace.

...

...

That concludes today's news, brought to you by the DFF.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless. I will now be providing an overview on the most notable news from last week.

Shadowless: Due to the closure of a number of Galatea's laboratories, Idunn's release has once again been delayed.

Shadowless: Large-scale demonstrations break out in Berlin as the people urge the government to hasten the vetting process of the serum, so that suffering patients can have a chance of recovery.

Shadowless: Incidents involving serious violence have occurred in multiple civilian residences. Crimes including shootings and arson have claimed eight lives and injured 20 people. The suspects are still at large, while over a thousand people are protesting at the municipal general office, demanding better protection for civilians by the government.

Shadowless: The recent influx of refugees in Berlin have caused severe conflicts with the auxiliary police over issues such as living arrangements and rations and medical supplies. The Bürgermeister of Berlin has pledged to resolve these issues, but little to no progress has been made thus far.

Shadowless: There has also been continuous unrest along the borders. The Neo-Soviet Union Ministry of Defense claims to have uncovered a major arms smuggling case and urges Germany to launch a joint-operation.

Shadowless: A leak occurred at a chemical factory in Berlin; the specific cause is still currently under investigation. The same factory was also involved in a traffic accident earlier where a transport vehicle was overturned. The chief operator of the factory was found to have committed suicide at his residence two days ago.

Shadowless: That's all for last week's news round-up. Now we'll catch up with the latest news.

Shadowless: Celebrations are underway for the annual Unity Day. As host cities, Bremen and Berlin will organize grand musical and fireworks spectacles at the same time.

Shadowless: The Minister of Construction Oberstein proclaims in a public speech,

Shadowless: "Germany has made very significant achievements since Unification."

Shadowless: "According to a survey, as of yesterday, 76% of the German population believes that Unification was the right choice for our nation."

Shadowless: "The people have put great faith in us, and we shall never let them down."

...

...
Part 2

2

Two weeks ago.

...

???: ...

Mrs. Gray: ...

After coming to a halt in front of the familiar building, Mrs. Gray reaches into her pocket to produce a lollipop as she looks at the rubble protruding from a pool of sticky black fluid.

Mrs. Gray: ...This place stinks.

White Nyto: Radioactive fluid... It has permeated this far.

The White Nyto behind her follows nervously as Gray strides into the rubble.

Her high heels tread on the shattered tiles and the splashed mud almost stains the hem of her slacks.

White Nyto: ...This is too much, even for Lady Narciss.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Within the next few steps, a strange noise comes from under her feet.

It is one of Narciss' floating blades... or rather, its fragments.

White Nyto: This is...

White Nyto: This is one of Lady Narciss' floating blades, Father's best work! How could it have...

Glug glug glug...

White Nyto: !

The corner of Gray's mouth turns up at a mirthful angle, but the ball of candy between her teeth cracks quietly.

As the White Nyto picks up the fragment, the filthy water suddenly churns.

A black shape emerges from the muck, splashing muddy water over the White Nyto's face, and the latter instinctively closes her eyes.

White Nyto: Urgh—?!

Her throat is in the firm grip of a severed arm. The mangled limb which has sprung up from the muck, covered in reeking, sticky slime, is unmistakably Narciss'.

Mrs. Gray: A power that could tear Narciss apart...

Gray pays no heed to the Nyto's struggles as she thoughtfully studies the surrounding rubble.

White Nyto: Urgh... Guh... Argh...

Just as the White Nyto's tortured breaths are about to cease for good, Gray finally reaches out and pulls the severed arm off her.

White Nyto: (Gasps for air)

Narciss: Dammit... Dammit...

Narciss: Go...To hell...

Narciss' ruined face rises out of the swamp as she curses incessantly, sending a tremor through the swamp. Only her upper body is left, and it is incomplete at that.

White Nyto: L-Lady Narciss!

Mrs. Gray: ...Pathetic.

Narciss: Go... to hell...

White Nyto: ...How could the invincible Lady Narciss have been beaten this badly?

White Nyto: ...Damage levels are at 80%... We must return her to the plant for repairs immediately.

White Nyto: ...And... Where has Lady Morridow gone? T-There isn't even a trace of the enemy left behind...

Mrs. Gray: Teacher is no longer here.

Click.

Just then, the White Nyto's communicator chirps.

White Nyto: ...

White Nyto: ...They've made their move. So what should we do about Big Sister...

Mrs. Gray: ...

Mrs. Gray: Bring her back and get someone to clean this place up.

Mrs. Gray: ...As for the rest, just blow it up.

White Nyto: Understood.

Narciss: Kill you... Kill you all...

White Nyto: ...

...

The mansion is surrounded by Stasi barricade tape. Not even the Berlin police is authorized to investigate this crime scene.

Stasi agents can be glimpsed standing watch against trespasses by busybody reporters and other individuals.

J: —I don't understand.

J: This case has always been mine, so why can't I investigate it?

J: You came running back all of sudden and took it over without saying a word.

J: And now you're freezing me out? What the hell is wrong with you, Schwaben?

K: ... Calm down, J.

The image of K in the communicator pauses for a moment to choose his words carefully.

K: First of all, opinions in the Ministry are divided on this case, as I'm sure you already know.

K: While you're certain that it must have been Paradeus who attacked Light and Angelia, that's not what the scene looks like to us.

K: Other than our people, the only remains we found are those of the Soviet Dolls. There isn't even a trace of these Paradeus forces!

J: So what?! Do you actually believe those stupid bastards, huh?!

J: "Angelia attacked Light and ran off," is that it?!

J: Do you actually believe that bullshit?!

K: It doesn't matter what I believe!

K finds himself unconsciously raising his voice to quell J's hysteria.

K: The problem doesn't lie with Angelia. There have always been people harboring hostility to the Soviets.

K: It's not like they appeared out of nowhere, so why are you so surprised?

K: Also, nothing is conclusive right now! Nobody's got a clear-cut answer!

J: Then let me look into it! This is the last night we have!

J: They'll be handing over the premises tomorrow, and then there really will be nothing we can do!

K: No!

J: ...Why not?

K: ...This doesn't matter anymore.

K: Do you understand? Things have become far more complex than we can handle.

K: Rather than pouring resources into investigating Angelia, you should deal with more pressing, more concrete problems.

J: So you're saying we should just give up on Angelia?

J: And we aren't even going to inquire into the deaths of those rookies?

K: Yes. That is what our new director intends.

J: (Scoffs) Looks like the new boss is throwing his weight around to show he means business.

J doesn't even bother hiding his derision.

K: I only want the best for you.

K: This is a sensitive period, so don't be foolish—

Click—the call ends.

Thud! J squeezes his communicator and pounds the steering wheel.

J: ...Don't be foolish?

J: You're the fool here, Schwaben.

J: How can you even swallow that shit...

J: I'm going in today, no matter what, and nobody's going to get in my way.

Even though the Stasi had rushed to the scene right after receiving the alert, they could not keep all news of the incident from leaking out.

Fortunately, they managed to keep the clues which could not be publicly revealed a secret, and now the public's attention is focused on the deceased, with accusing and doubtful voices directed at the government.

The loudest of these voices belongs to the renowned news anchor Shadowless.

J: Shadow...

J leans back in his seat, knocking the back of his head against the headrest. Witnessing J's frustration, one of his accompanying subordinates can't help but feel worried.

Stasi Agent: ...Boss, are you really going to do this?

J: ...Do I look like I'm kidding?

Stasi Agent: Well, no... But this isn't your style at all.

Stasi Agent: A Stasi agent sneaking into a building that was sealed off by the Stasi is just too weird...

Stasi Agent: And if they catch us, we won't be able to get off with just a simple self-reflection essay!

J: You think I don't know that?!

J: Everything in there is going to be emptied out by tomorrow morning. They won't even leave a single hair for us to find.

J: Then, all you can do at that point is pray that you can meet God someday and get the answers out of Him!

Stasi Agent: ...

J takes a deep breath. After all, there are more and more things to worry about these days, what with the previous director being removed at lightning speed after the mansion incident and the growing tensions inside the country...

Frankly speaking, the old J would be the first to get out of the hellhole that Berlin has become. But now...

Stasi Agent: Can't we just request permission to view the relevant evidence when the time comes?

J: ...

J: Nobody knows how the Stasi operate better than I do.

J: If they didn't let you in at the beginning, they won't ever let you in afterwards.

J: Look, I'm not going to make things difficult for you... Just leave the door open, I'll go in myself.

Stasi Agent: ...Got it.

J nods, then puts on a cap that covers his face before opening the door and stepping outside.

...The death of Light cannot go unanswered.
Part 3: Part 3 Start Cutscene

3

J: Tsk... They still have people patrolling so late at night.

J: What the hell are they on guard against...

J: ...Still, I need to find enough clues.

J: I mustn't lower my guard even if I'm going up against our own people... No, it's because they're our own people that I can't afford to get careless.

J: There's no turning back now that I've come this far.

J: ...Let's do this.
Part 4: Mid-stage dialogue 1

4

The bullet holes in the wall were made by a 512. That much was recorded in the site log.

It was the shotgun that Light was most skilled with.

He fought here.
Part 5: Mid-stage dialogue 2

5

The floor still bears tracks left behind by the police.

They found the severed halves of a weapon at this spot—a 512.

That would be the object which caused the damage to the wall.

The chalk outline left by the police is still here, but the weapon itself has been taken away as evidence.

There is a horrific blood splatter on the wall.

It signifies that it wasn't just the gun which was cut in two.
Part 6: Mid-stage dialogue 3

6

There is a strange bloodstain in the corner of the room.

These traces aren't natural, but a drawing.
Part 7: Mid-stage dialogue 4

7

The walls and floor are a mess.

The grand chandelier that once hung here now lies smashed on the ground.

The final battle took place here. This is the place where Light died.
Part 8

8

The moonlight makes the building before him look like a long-abandoned house of the dead. The police have been here and so have the Stasi. The reports they filed were very detailed, and J has read them many times over.

This is where Ange's subordinates were found, but there were no traces of her. Just because of that, there were those who believed she had attacked Light and company...

J: How am I supposed to believe that...

The fingerprints in the blood splattered on the wallpaper were an important piece of evidence in determining the identity of the deceased.

...

J: (This is it... This was the place where Light was first attacked.)

J looks up, illuminating the wall with his flashlight. The ghastly bloodstain is revealed fully to his eyes.

The spray pattern looks as though someone had squeezed a full blood bag until it popped.

J: ...

There is a large wad of styptic cotton and thread used for suturing not far from this place, as well as an empty bottle of alcohol.

J: ...

J directs his light to the floor off to the side. According to the crime scene report, they found something noteworthy on the ground here.

J: (Is this it...?)

Somebody seems to have drawn something at this spot, but it has been scoured clean with a special solvent.

After looking at the traces that remained, the police and Stasi agents concluded that it was a battle plan drawn in blood.

J: (These are traces of a plan that Light was discussing with someone... )

But what could have driven Light to go that far despite the terrible state he was in?

J: I just don't get it...

J: ...Hm?

Just as J is lost in thought, he suddenly notices a strange reflection coming from nearby.

J: ...What's this?

A wooden plank has fallen off the wall onto the ground, and among the debris is a gleam that sways in time with the movement of J's flashlight.

It is a medicine bottle.

J: This is...!

J hurriedly sweeps the debris away and pulls the unassuming medicine bottle out of the gap in which it lies.

The bottle is coated in a layer of dust. J rubs it clean with his sleeve, bringing what lies beneath into clear view. There are two logos on it, one big and one small.

J recognizes one of them... It belongs to the Galatea Corporation.

Agent: Who's there?!

J: Tsk...!

He's been spotted.

As much as he would like to look further, he must leave ASAP.

He slips the bottle into his waist pouch, then leaps out of a nearby window.

Agent A: It's an intruder! Get him!

Agent B: Intruder alert! Intruder alert!

J: Tsk... What a pain!

...

J: Whew...!

After leaving the vicinity of the mansion, which is now swarming with activity, J immediately ducks into a nearby alley and sheds the disguise he was wearing. It seems to have fooled even his Stasi colleagues.

The people inside will probably realize he's gone before long. After that, he just needs to drive away and there will be no evidence that he was ever there.

J: ...Hm?

After returning to his vehicle, J pulls on the door handle, but it does not budge.

J frowns, and then taps on the window.

J: Hey, open up!

There is no response.

Coming to a sudden realization, he circles around to the front and looks inside through the windshield.

...But there is nobody in the car.

J: Dammit—

Thunk!

Powerful lights come on behind J, dazzling him even though he has his back to them.

With one hand shielding his eyes, J turns around, and his face blanches as he sees the forces arrayed against him.

J: Schwaben... You son of a bitch.

K: ...

K offers no response to J's cursing. He simply looks to the person beside him with quiet resignation.

???: ...Is he one of yours?

The speaker is a beautiful woman. She has a charm that even J finds striking.

K gives a wordless but deferential nod in response to her question. From the look on K's face, J immediately deduces her identity.

???: Take him away.

Berlin, Germany. Inside a certain Paradeus base...

A White Nyto nervously holds a report in her hands as she stands inside a clean room.

White Nyto: 50% of the Galatea facilities within the city limits have been shut down, and the proceedings are still moving forward.

White Nyto: Corporate is doing their best to negotiate with the government...

Mrs. Gray: ...

Mrs. Gray simply cups her chin in her hand, not even bothering to look at the White Nyto. The fingers of her other hand tap lightly on the table, and every crisp impact seems to echo in the White Nyto's skull.

White Nyto: And then... And then...

White Nyto: We checked the wreckage of the underground base in Sector D8.

White Nyto: We still haven't found any traces of Lady Morridow...

...At some point, she has realized that Gray might end up taking her anger out on herself. The thought fills her with terror.

White Nyto: A-also, there is Lady Narciss' status...

White Nyto: She was very badly damaged and will not be able to take part in further operations for the time being—

Tap.

The tapping on the table ceases.

White Nyto: Eep...

Mrs. Gray: Send a message to the organization in my name.

Mrs. Gray: Order them to destroy all the data contained within the pharmaceutical plants which have been shut down.

Mrs. Gray: Pay particular attention to the order manifests. There must be no traces left behind.

White Nyto: Y-yes, ma'am...

Mrs. Gray: You may leave.

What the White Nyto feared ultimately did not come to pass. She timidly leaves the office.

Mrs. Gray: Narciss is severely damaged... Morridow is missing...

Mrs. Gray: The location of the PMC employees and the OGAS which has taken over Nimogen's body are unknown.

Mrs. Gray: Worse still, the mastermind behind Project Cocoon is gone, causing the mission to come to a standstill.

Mrs. Gray: I doubt Father would find such news cheerful.

Mrs. Gray: Honestly. What a bunch of idiots.

???: ...Gray.

Just as Gray is about to explode in anger, another voice breaks the silence in the room.

Gray's expression softens the moment she hears the call.

Mrs. Gray: ...You're back?

With just a simple greeting, her fury vanishes like it had never existed.
Part 9

9

...

Morridow: Ugh...

Awakened by a blinding glare, Morridow slowly opens her eyes. She finds herself in a small, windowless room that is completely bare save for the chair she is sitting on.

The only other exception is the monitor hanging on the wall before her, the sole source of illumination in the dark space. Behind its dazzling white light stands four black Nytos, all staring down at her coldly.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: ...Where is Father?

Black Nyto: ...

Morridow: You have no right to interrogate me.

Morridow: I'm asking you again, where is Father?

Black Nyto: ...

Black Nyto: You disappointed Father.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: What did you say?

Black Nyto: You disappointed Fa...

Morridow: Who are you to speak to me? Know your place, dear little sister.

Black Nyto: ...!

Morridow: ...Don't make me ask this again—where is Father?

Pzzt... Just as Morridow is about to overwhelm the black Nyto with her intimidation...

The glowing monitor in front of her suddenly flickers. A distorted male voice starts speaking through it.

???: ...Morridow.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: ...Father?

Morridow: Everything went according to your plan, Father.

???: According to my plan, you say?

Morridow: Indeed. Operation Cocoon is progressing smoothly, and the Iaso's Boxes are even more powerful than we expected.

Morridow: Everything will erupt like fireworks in the end, and this battle will end with Paradeus' complete victory.

???: Fireworks...? Complete victory...?

Morridow: Yes, everything will be resolved before the big day.

Morridow: Please believe me, Father.

???: But that doesn't seem to be the whole story, Morridow.

???: You did fail in one of your tasks.

Morridow: You mean the OGAS?

Morridow: That inconsequential matter will not affect your plans in any way.

Black Nyto: Just leave the rest to us, Father.

The male voice pauses. Morridow looks at the Nyto who just spoke and narrows her eyes in surprise.

???: You know what I want to hear.

The voice falls silent once more, having granted the black Nyto's request to speak.

With her superior's permission, the black Nyto steps forward and walks up to Morridow.

Morridow: Now this is unusual...

Morridow looks up and meets the Nyto's cold gaze.

Black Nyto: You may think this failure is inconsequential, Sister.

Black Nyto: But Lady Narciss is gravely injured and will not be able to take part in subsequent missions.

Black Nyto: Without Lady Narciss, there is no guarantee that the Iaso's Boxes will work as planned.

Morridow: The Iaso's Boxes have been completely refined and ready to deploy even before we kickstarted the operation.

Morridow: Besides, I have put your favorite child in charge of transporting them... At the end of the day, Narciss has nothing to do with this mission whatsoever.

Morridow: It doesn't matter even if she's out of action.

Black Nyto: Are you absolutely certain?

Morridow: ...How dare you speak to me like this?

Morridow: You think you can be so insolent just because Father condoned you a little?

Morridow: Can I kill her, Father?

Black Nyto: ...

???: ...You may go.

At the man's order, the black Nyto gives Morridow another indignant look before finally backing away.

Morridow: ...

Morridow tilts her head and eyes the monitor.

Why? Why is Father so "obliging" to this inferior being?

Morridow: Hey.

Black Nyto: ...?!

The moment the Nyto turns in confusion...

Morridow breaks out of her restraints and grabs the Nyto by the throat, pinning her against the wall.

???: What are you doing, Morridow?!

The voice grows agitated at her sudden move.

Morridow: I knew it...

Morridow snickers.

Morridow: Even if I had actually offended Father, he would never show so much concern for an inferior Nyto.

Morridow: You are not Father.

???: —Oh crap!

In Morridow's wrath, the virtual interrogation room starts crumbling, revealing the true appearance of the black Nyto simulation.

416: Guh...!

UMP9: 45! I'm detecting an abnormal flow in the current! She's activating defensive measures!

UMP45: Dammit! Cut her network connection!

UMP9: It's all your fault, G11!

Gr G11: J-Just save 416 first!

UMP45: Cut the crap! She'll shred our neural clouds if we don't do anything!

UMP9: Commander!

Commander: Get out of there now!

Commander: Seal off the signal flow, 45! Now!

UMP45: On it!

Morridow: How dare you break into my Virtual Cognition Image... And how dare you impersonate Father?!

Morridow: You... Griffin scum...!!!

Boom!
Part 10

10

On the outskirts of Berlin.

ST AR-15: Well?

UMP45: Didn't work at all.

UMP45 awakens from her connection and shakes her head at ST AR-15, who has immediately come up to enquire about the situation.

Her face looks rather ashen, which is unusual for UMP45, who almost never betrays her own weakness.

Commander: Are you alright?

Commander: ...I believe I made you promise you would prioritize your own safety.

UMP45: ...Thank you for your concern, Commander.

UMP45: But it was still well within my capability.

UMP45: 416 did come under a bit of threat, but no real harm was done.

UMP45: We made a timely retreat.

RO635: Sorry, Commander. She saw through our ploy almost right away.

Commander: Don't apologize. It's only to be expected. I'm just glad you're all okay.

Commander: After all, even Dandelion couldn't crack her.

Commander: I suppose it's really a bit of a stretch giving the task to you Dolls.

UMP45: You wound me, Commander.

UMP9: Well, it's the truth.

ST AR-15: ...So have you gotten anything out of her?

416: A few things. She first mentioned the "Iaso's Boxes", then she talked about the time of the fireworks.

416: ...Ring any bells?

ST AR-15: What's that?

416: Iaso's Boxes... They came up again.

UMP45: So they really are part of Operation Cocoon.

UMP45: According to that woman, these thingies are all ready.

UMP45: They may have already been deployed, and I'm guessing they'll be set off on the day of the fireworks.

Commander: Check what special occasions are coming up in Germany.

RO635: There are quite a few commemoration days, but fireworks are usually reserved for large-scale celebrations.

RO635: The next national holiday is Unity Day. Major cities around Germany will take turns organizing celebrations to mark the occasion, which will be attended by most important politicians.

ST AR-15: Unity Day is only ten days away... What are we waiting for? And what good does it do us just knowing the name of those devices?

ST AR-15: Shouldn't we at least figure out where they're planning to detonate them?

Commander: Normal interrogation methods don't necessarily work on her.

Commander: Even 45 couldn't make any headway...

Commander: RO, what's Dandelion's status?

RO635: She... is still unconscious.

RO635: We haven't been able to rouse her ever since we withdrew from the underground base.

ST AR-15: ...

The Commander massages the bridge of their nose to soothe their intermittent headache.

Unexpected things are happening all at once.

Commander: ...

For just a second there, the one speaking through Dandelion was...

M4 SOPMOD II: M4!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Wake up!

Straddling Dandelion's body, SOP-II keeps shaking her and nagging at her to wake up.

She has been doing this since they returned from the base, saving everyone the trouble of broaching this awkward subject.

RO635: Stop it, SOP-II! We still don't know what happened to Dandelion. We can only wait for her to wake up!

M4 SOPMOD II: But... But! It was M4!

M4 SOPMOD II: Back then... that was definitely M4! There's no way I could be mistaken!

M4 SOPMOD II: You also recognized her, didn't you, 15?!

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 looks down and studies Dandelion's unconscious face. Those familiar eyes are now closed, completely devoid of the gleam she saw before. Was it also just her imagination? Or was it really a miracle?

RO635: What do you think, 15?

ST AR-15: ...Hell if I know!

ST AR-15: More importantly, we don't know for sure that we're safe yet, right? We've subdued Morridow for the moment, but if she wakes up, she can contact the outside world anytime... That freak is practically a time bomb waiting to blow up in our faces.

ST AR-15: Instead of thinking about questions that we can't find answers to, we should focus on the situation at hand!

UMP9: Wow, how heartless. Aren't you supposed to be one big happy family?

ST AR-15: Heartless? Do you actually know what's going on here?

ST AR-15: Our situation is hardly ideal!

ST AR-15: Squad Griffin got wiped out, and even that woman... Even Machlian died in there.

ST AR-15: We didn't win, surely you can tell that much?

UMP45: Everything she said is true, 9. We are indeed in a terrible situation.

UMP45: We may have obtained a hostage, but our most important asset is out cold.

UMP45: I know we don't really have a choice, but the longer we keep the hostage, the riskier it is.

UMP45: It's a pain to be constantly on the lookout for any stunts that she suddenly decides to pull on us.

RO635: ...Not to mention, the medicine meant for Miss Kalina is also a write-off.

The air in the vehicle instantly turns frigid.

Commander: Alright, stop moping.

Commander: We've been given a second chance.

Commander: That's all that matters.

The Commander wets their dry lips and cracks a smile.

Commander: Squad Griffin's sacrifice was unfortunate, but we dealt Paradeus a heavy blow.

Commander: Things are looking much better than before, so pull yourselves together.

RO635: But...Miss Machlian...

Commander: Turn that sorrow into rage, RO.

Commander: We aren't here to mourn.

Commander: ...We're here to make them pay.

ST AR-15: The Commander is right. I'll go double-check our route.

ST AR-15: Let's get to somewhere safe first. Then we'll worry about waking Dandelion.

RO635: Wait, I'll help too!

UMP45: ...

As the Dolls start occupying themselves with different tasks, UMP45, who has been observing the Commander silently, also gets moving.

She strolls up to the Commander casually and rests her hand on their shoulder.

UMP45: Don't force it if you need a break, okay?

UMP45: If you're down, this team is doomed.

Commander: Thanks.

Tension slowly rolls off the Commander as they uncross their arms.

Commander: I won't do anything stupid, don't worry.

Commander: I'll be sure to deliver your payment for this mission— with my own hands.

UMP45: Why, thank god for that.

Commander: You didn't give me that pep talk just to comfort me, did you?

UMP45: Bingo~!

UMP45: I discovered something else in Morridow's Virtual Cognition Image.

Commander: Do tell.

UMP45: When I entered her virtual consciousness, I saw something like what you guys came across in Machlian's.

UMP45: Massive chunks of darkness.

Commander: ...Sealed memory fragments, you mean?

UMP45: Indeed. But unlike Machlian's, her memories are completely intact.

UMP45: They're just locked. If I can get in there again, I may be able to dig up more stuff.

Commander: ...We should wait till Dandelion wakes up.

UMP45: You don't trust me?

Commander: I'm concerned about your safety.

UMP45: Don't you want to settle this matter and get rid of her as soon as possible?

Commander: I'd personally love nothing more than that, but she's too valuable, so that would be a waste.

Commander: Keeping her is more beneficial to us. As long as we play our cards wisely, we can do even more damage to Paradeus.

Commander: That's what makes her valuable, and for this reason, I'm willing to bear the risks that come with keeping her.

UMP45: I hear that when consumed by extreme rage, humans either become hysterical or eerily calm.

UMP45: I can see that you're the latter type.

UMP45: Sadly, we seem to be guarding a treasure hoard that refuses to share its wealth.

Commander: I can't let you take this risk. We must wait for Dandelion to regain consciousness.

UMP45: Pity we can't get in touch with that bigwig again.

UMP45: Otherwise, we could at least expect some help from him.

Commander: ...Don't you worry about that.

Commander: The Earl will realize Perosa has disconnected as soon as he tries to contact us.

Commander: Once he decides to move, it won't be hard for him to find us...

Commander: But for now... we're on our own...

We have to find out everything Morridow knows before Unity Day.

Earl: ...

???: ...The sun is still a long way away from me.

???: To avoid meeting Icarus' tragic end, I require sturdier wings.

Earl: All I care about is results.

Earl: Name your price.

???: Always a pleasure doing business with you. I'll be in touch.

Click.

The call ends.

Earl: ...

After stowing Morridow's photo lightly into his drawer, the Earl breaks open another parchment folder and lays out the contents on his desk.

"Opportunities" mean nothing if they do not produce results. He detests people who let him down.

Eldest son from the seventh generation of the Oberstein family, the actual leader of 90Wish, and at the same time... Lunasia's father.

Earl: ...I look forward to meeting you.

The Earl gazes at the blinking light on his phone. It is a voicemail left by General Heinrich Schweinsteiger inviting him to attend the performance at the Berlin State Opera tonight.

He eyes the invitation card lying on his desk and picks it up delicately. Enclosed in the same envelope is a list of attendees. His gaze skims over everyone else and zeros in on one particular name.

Minister of Industry and Information Technology, Vice-President of the State Council—Rudolph von Oberstein.

...
Part 11

11

The Ministry of State Security, Berlin, Germany.

As a high-ranking member of the Stasi, J never expected to find himself sitting in an interrogation chair one day.

???: Now then.

???: You know what it means to violate a Stasi lockdown, don't you?

J: ...

—This is Romy Riefenstahl.

She is the new director of the Stasi. In other words, she is J's immediate superior.

J: I am not a traitor to the State.

Romy: I'll be the judge of that, Agent Kevin.

J: My job in Berlin was to cooperate fully with Angelia's investigation in all ways.

J: Also, Agent Light, who perished there, was my junior, so I wanted to investigate the matter myself.

Romy: You were not authorized to do so.

J: I'm an agent, and an agent's job is to pursue the truth and protect the nation.

J: I acted because I judged that there might be a threat to national safety.

Romy: So you think your judgment takes precedence and everyone else is an idiot?

Romy: Who the hell do you think you are?

J: ...

Romy: You submitted many requests to mount an investigation before this.

Romy: However, I believe I made myself clear when I told you that there is no value in investigating the matter any further.

J: ...Seven agents died there and you say there's no value in looking into it?

J: Even if you are the Director, you were only recently appointed. There was no basis for making that call.

J: Who are you trying to convince? Nobody would—

Romy: Enough.

Romy interrupts J's attempt to justify himself and produces the medicine bottle J recovered from an evidence case.

Romy: What is this?

J: ...Can't you tell?

Romy: What is this?

J: ...I found it there, on the scene.

J: The bottle is labeled with the Galatea Corporation's logo.

J: But there's no existing product with this packaging on the market.

J: This leads me to conclude that it's a trial product which has yet to be distributed to the public. Only insiders would have access to it.

Romy: Which means?

J: This proves Galatea personnel were present at the scene.

Romy: You idiot.

J: ...Say what?

Romy: It proves nothing.

Romy puts the bottle aside disinterestedly.

Romy: It's just a bottle of medicine. There are countless reasons why it could have ended up there.

Romy: You simply chose the one that suits your narrative the best but is the least likely to be true.

J: But that's not it at all...

Romy: Is that the reason why you took matters into your own hands?

J: ...I simply could not agree with giving up on the investigation so easily.

Romy: It is not your place to question my decisions.

J: And your decision is to let the deaths of our comrades be in vain?

J: To ignore the culprit behind all this?

Romy: ...It looks like you don't value your job much.

J: ...!

Knock knock.

K: Pardon the intrusion, Director.

K: ...It's me, Kain Schwaben.

Romy: ...Enter.

K pushes the door open and enters the room, his face carefully blank. He inclines in a slight bow to Romy.

K: I have new information to report regarding the closure of the Galatea pharmaceutical plants.

Romy looks at K, then at J, who is bound to the chair. Her eyes flash with some kind of understanding.

She presses a button on a remote control and loosens J's bonds.

Romy: You may go.

J: ...That's it?

Romy: Yes. Enjoy your last few hours in the Stasi.

J is at his desk packing up his things.

K: Kevin, I have something to tell you...

K: What are you doing?

J looks up from the cardboard box he is packing.

J: I'm taking the first step in my vacation plan—a glorious retirement.

J: So says the old bitch.

???: ...

K can't help but frown at the crudity of J's speech.

That's when J notices an unfamiliar girl standing behind K.

K: ...Don't be so immature.

J: What, you think I'm kidding?

J puts down the things he's holding and focuses his attention on K.

K: You encounter a setback, so you just abandon your duty? That's pretty childish to me. You want to avenge Light, yet you're quitting your job.

K: Do you have multiple personality disorder or something?

J: Oh, give me a break! You think I WANT this? You're calling me immature for dropping the investigation. I DID try to pursue it, but that woman reamed me out—oh, I almost forgot, she skipped reaming and fired me on the spot.

K: ...

K takes a deep breath and draws close to J.

K: Take a good look around you... You see all these empty desks? This isn't targeted at you alone.

K: Think about who left and WHY they left. Use your brain, for God's sake.

J: ...Who cares? The only thing in my brain right now is the mansion.

K: Don't be rash. The only way you can stay on the case is by staying in the Stasi.

J: ...I suppose it's too late to apologize?

K: Relax.

K: She's put you on a new assignment. In other words, you aren't fired.

J: Wait... Did you sell your body or something?

K can't help but roll his eyes. He does not even bother to dignify J's question with a reply.

Instead, he steps back to make room, and J's gaze falls on the silent girl.

???: ...

K: Allow me to introduce Miss Mona. She is a Tactical Doll who has officially joined the Stasi recently.

Mona: ...Nice to meet you, Agent J.

J: She looks just like the real thing.

K: ...She was brought in at the request of Romy Riefenstahl, though this is still a trial posting.

K: Mona will be bringing you on operations from now on.

J: Excuse me, but did I mishear something? Who's the Doll here, me or her?

J: You mean she's going to be leading me?

K: These are orders from a superior.

K: Didn't you learn how to follow orders during Stasi agent training?

J: ...

J: Got it.

K: I'll let Mona explain the mission to you.

Mona: Very well. The recent closures of the Galatea pharmaceutical plants have brought several security issues to light.

Mona: We've received news from the Berlin police that crowds of protesters have gathered in front of the pharmaceutical plants.

Mona: We need to move out right now to prevent any attempts they might make to storm the premises.

J: Tsk... That's agent work for you.

J: Got it, I'm on it.

Mona nods, then turns to leave.

K: Kevin.

K: Hold on to this.

K hands a slip of paper to J. There is a phone number on it... But it is not a German phone number.

J memorizes the number and crumples it up. He looks up at K.

K: ...Call it when you're free.

K: It might come in handy.

J: ...Alright.

Gray Institute of Biotechnology, Galatea Corporation.

???: What are you looking at?

Mrs. Gray: A requisition form.

Gray looks at the list on the table. Her fingertips drum on the table every now and then, and her brow remains perpetually furrowed.

???: ...Is it from "her"?

Mrs. Gray: Yes.

Mrs. Gray: She sent a message, but refused to speak to me.

Mrs. Gray: ...She'll probably ignore everyone except Father or Teacher.

???: ...Gray.

Mrs. Gray: That woman...

Mrs. Gray: What is this? A declaration of war or a surrender?

???: Given her personality, I would say neither.

Mrs. Gray: Heh.

Mrs. Gray: Well, however repulsive she might be, right now I'm the one who controls how the mission proceeds.

???: ...Sending the order to you is a sort of assurance.

Mrs. Gray: Yes...

Mrs. Gray: In the end, the mission must be carried out, and it is almost time.

???: Indeed. The day on which the fireworks bloom has been decided, and none may change it.

Outside a closed-down Galatea pharmaceutical plant in Berlin City.

Protester: You sons of bitches! What are we supposed to do if you close down the plant?

Protester: Is the government trying to kill us?

Protester: We can't buy medicine anymore! There's no way we can survive like this!

Protester: What the hell are you trying to do?!

An angry crowd is gathered in front of the police line at the pharmaceutical plant, shouting and screaming with heartfelt anger.

Things are slowly getting too out of hand for the police to handle alone.

Mona: We've been tasked by Madam Romy to assist the police in dispersing the crowd and maintaining order.

Mona: I've read through reports concerning similar cases before we arrived, but this is much worse than what I was expecting.

Mona: What is your opinion?

J: ...As if my opinion is worth a damn.

J: Aren't you the one in charge here?

Mona: Yes, but you have been a Stasi agent much longer than I have, Agent J.

Mona: I believe your experience will be helpful in completing this mission. Is there a problem with that?

No matter how he looks at her, there is no doubt that Mona is one of "Romy's people".

They are not on the same side.

J: What else can we do... All she did was ask us to help maintain order.

J: Start by contacting the person in charge here and just play it by ear. If you can't even figure out that much on your own, then what business have you got being an agent?

Mona: ...

Mona nods silently at J with a strange look in her eyes.

J: (Why did Romy send me on such a pointless errand? Is this her way of telling me to "stay out of trouble"?)

J: (She even sent a Doll to keep an eye on me... God dammit.)

J: (I don't have time to waste in a place like this... )

Somewhere deep inside his eyes where Mona's gaze can't penetrate, a fire blazes up.
Part 12

12

Berlin, Germany.

Outside a closed-down Galatea pharmaceutical plant.

Mona: ...There's a total of six of them. We're turning them over to you now.

Police: Ah... We're really grateful to the two of you.

Police: We didn't expect these refugees would actually try to break into the plant. I don't know what we'd do if we were on our own.

Mona: Just doing our job.

J: This lot snuck into the hazardous materials storage amidst the confusion.

J: We need to check again, just in case.

Police: Yes, yes, of course... Honestly, we can't possibly take responsibility if anything happens.

Mona: In that case, we'll be counting on you to keep things under control here.

Police: Ah, yes, of course!

Police: Thank you, both of you!

J steps over the police cordon and enters the pharmaceutical plant, which is now without power since it has been shut down.

J: I can't believe they actually dared to make a move on this place...

Mona: Our intel indicates that this was not the first time they have done so.

J: Violent clashes aren't exactly unusual, but actually storming a building is something else entirely.

J: This is clearly a sign of something bad... It was just a pharmaceutical plant today, but it might well be City Hall tomorrow.

Mona: I see...

J: ...Tsk, who the hell's in charge here, anyway?

Mona: I believe it is reasonable for me to solicit your opinion... Agent J, are you sure you're not letting your unrelated emotions get in the way of communicating with me?

J: ...Humph.

It is still daytime right now, so even though the lights are out inside the pharmaceutical plant, the darkened interior is still illuminated by natural light.

Mona: ...

Mona suddenly comes to a halt.

J: What's wrong?

Mona: ...Your hunch was right. Someone is here.

J: ...!

Mona: ...

The two of them carefully and quietly move toward the direction where the sound is coming from.

J shoots Mona a glance. The latter gets the message and signals to him to stick to the walls while she circles around in the other direction.

J: You, in there! You're surrounded! Drop your weapons!

J: I repeat, you are surrounded! Surrender immediately!

???: Aieeeeee— W-wait! I'm not dangerous or anything!

???: Don't shoot!

J: ...

...A woman?

???: Aaaaahhhhh nooooo! Don't! Not, not so hard!

Mona: Target subdued! ...No weapons found, standing down from alert posture.

J puts his gun down. Inside the lab, the smashed glass from the window litters the ground. A young woman is currently pinned underneath Mona nearby.

???: I-I work here! Let go of me!

J: You work here?

Mona releases her grip but remains on guard.

Mona: ...She's not armed, and she's not trained either.

The unfamiliar woman sits up on the ground, still rubbing her wrists. She looks very put-upon...And definitely nothing like a terrorist.

J glances at her employee pass.

J: ...Cornelia Schaefer?

Nele: ...Just call me Nele.

J: Alright then, Frau Nele.

J: Would you mind telling us what exactly you're doing here?

Nele: This is the lab where I work! It's my workplace!

J: As you can see, the government has shut this place down. Didn't you see the cordon tape at the doorway?

J: What you've done is illegal entry and I have the right to take you into custody.

Nele: ...

J: Let's take her with us.

Mona nods, and a look of panic creeps across Nele's face.

Nele: Wait! I...I just came to pick up some personal items...

J: What kind of items would that be?

Nele tenses up visibly as she opens up a container that has fallen on the ground.

Inside are a stack of notes and several medicine bottles of varying sizes.

Nele: Th-this is the fruit of my labor!

Nele: I just... I simply wanted to... I simply wanted to continue working on it.

Mona reaches inside and rummages around.

Mona: It contains lab data and samples.

As J watches Mona poke through the medicine bottles, his pupils suddenly contract.

J: What is this?

Nele: I...I just told you... They're the results of my work...

J: And your job is—

Nele: ...I'm a pharmacological researcher.

J bites back his surprise and feigns nonchalance as he picks up a bottle, pointing to the smaller logo on the label.

J: Whose logo is this?

Nele: The Gray Institute of Biotechnology. We're a subsidiary lab of theirs.

J: The Gray Institute of Biotechnology...

Mona: What's wrong?

J: ...It's nothing.

J shakes his head and resumes his usual expression. He takes a step back and courteously makes room for Nele to leave.

J: In that case, if you don't mind, we would like to escort you out of here, Frau Nele.

J: Some thugs are protesting outside, and I'm concerned about your personal safety.

Nele: W-what? You? Escort me?

Even Mona looks confused—she has no idea what J has in mind.

J: Correct. I have no intention of doing anything to you.

Nele: I don't need an escort.

J: I insist.

J: If you persist in refusing, then I will have no choice but to report this matter.

Nele: ...

Nele gives J one long look but does not protest any further. She brushes past him and walks down the passage.

Mona: ...What are you up to?

J: ...Don't you think Galatea is acting very suspiciously here? They sent a worker to retrieve something from a locked-down facility.

J: Besides, we've finished our work here, there's no harm in doing a little extra snooping around.

J: Or are you going to tattle on me?

Mona: Not at all.

J: Then shut up.

Mona: ...

...This unassuming path is occupied by three very eye-catching individuals.

The unarmed Nele seems shorter than usual, sandwiched as she is between J and Mona.

Nele: How long do you plan on following me?

J: Until we're sure that you're safe.

Nele: I'm very safe right now!

J: I'll be the judge of that.

Mona: ...

J: So, you're an intern in Gray's lab?

Nele: I'm a research assistant, a full-fledged employee.

Nele: Being able to develop "Idunn" with Mrs. Gray is something that many people can only dream of doing!

J: So those bottles all contain prototypes for Idunn?

Nele: ...Yeah. If only the government were more efficient, it would've been on the market and doing good for the human race by now.

J: Oh? My, you're confident, my dear Frau Nele~

Nele: Of course, our experiments were very successful.

J: But to my knowledge, Mrs. Gray has long since fled after being charged with illegal research.

Nele: That's nonsense! The lab's still running as normal and there's work lined up for the various departments.

Nele: I came today to organize and collate the research data from our most recent experiment.

J: Really now? Then where is Mrs. Gray?

Nele: She's... Wait a minute, are you going to hassle her?

J: Oh, it's not me who wants to cause her trouble.

Nele: There have been a lot of thugs trying to make things difficult for Mrs. Gray, we've had to renovate the office many times already!

Nele: But I know her very well, she won't be scared off by such threats.

Nele: We might be dedicated to pharmacological research, but we're all prepared to fight any and all injustice to the bitter end!

J: Pffft!

Nele: ...Are you mocking me?

J: No, I'm laughing at you.

Nele stops in front of an apartment block.

Nele: Are you going to walk me all the way to my bedroom?

J: ...

J takes out his notebook and writes his contact number on a blank page before tearing it out.

J: You can call me if anything comes up.

Nele looks at J. She does not reach out to take it.

Nele: We didn't do anything wrong, and we're not plotting anything.

J: Then if nothing else, you can ask me out for a coffee. I know a pretty good place.

Nele: ...

Nele rolls her eyes, but she finally reaches out and takes the slip of paper from him.

Nele: Don't get your hopes up.

After waving goodbye to Nele, J turns around to signal Mona and the two walk down the street in the opposite direction.

Once she's sure that they're gone, Nele takes out her phone and dials a number.

???: Nele!

???: Where did you go?!

Nele: Don't ask!

Nele: I'm at, er... the AMANO Home apartment building.

Nele: Hurry and pick me up!

???: ...I'll be right there!

...

Vrooom...

At the sound of a revving engine, Nele raises her head and looks up.

???: Nele!

Screech!

The shrill sound of brakes echoes through the street. A car door opens and someone steps out from behind it.

Nele: Mia!

Mia: ...What are you doing all the way here?

Nele: Er... It's complicated.

Nele: In any case, I had to ditch some annoying people.

Nele: So listen to this, Mia! I got them back!

Nele waves the items in her hand at the Doll who has gotten out of the car and playfully sticks her tongue out at her.

Mia: Y-you really went back in there? But that place was sealed off!

Nele: Where there's a will, there's a way.

Mia: (Sighs) Oh, never mind. As long as you're okay. Let's head back.

Nele: Okay!

Nele plops herself down onto the front passenger seat without any hesitation whatsoever.

Nele: Let's head home!

Mia: ...Yeah.

Mia nods and fires up the engine again.

...

J: ...

Mona: ...Not going to stop her?

J: You're in charge, what would I know about that?

Mona: Don't forget, you're the one who wanted to follow her.

Mona: I never permitted this course of action in the first place.

J: You didn't allow it, but you came along anyway.

Mona: Why you—

Mona takes a deep breath. J is this close to wearing away all her patience.

Mona: Nevermind... Let's head back, then.

J: ...

As the two of them walk off side by side, J suddenly comes to a halt.

Mona: What's the matter?

J: You go back first, there's another place I have to go.

Mona: Are you going to run off on your own again?

J: It's a personal matter, I assure you.

Mona: ...It had better be.

Still suspicious, Mona turns and leaves by herself.

After ensuring she's long gone, J reaches into his pocket and fishes out the paper slip that K gave him.
Part 13

13

Screech—

Nele: Uwah—!

Nele: W-what's going on?

Nele: Why did you stop all of a sudden, Mia?

Mia: Sorry... But the road ahead is blocked.

Nele: Blocked?

Nele looks ahead. Several refugees are standing in the middle of the narrow road and blocking their way.

They're standing around a man who's lying on the ground and groaning, at a loss for what to do next.

Mia: Is it a car accident...?

Nele: ...No.

After taking a look at him, Nele's face falls.

She gets out of the front passenger seat and walks toward the refugees.

Mia: Nele! Wait for me!

Nele: ...Hey.

Refugee: ...!

Refugee: S-sorry, we didn't mean to block the road...

Nele: No... I'm not here to yell at you.

Nele: This man...

Nele enters the circle of people and crouches down to study the man who seems to be drifting in and out of consciousness.

These refugees all look worried, but none of them dare to approach him... And as expected, this is the reason why.

Nele: ELID...

Refugee: H-his body is starting to silicificate.

Refugee: We don't know what to do... If we get infected, we're dead, but we can't just leave him here.

Just then, a refugee sees Nele's outfit and comes to a realization.

Refugee: H-hey, Miss! Are you a doctor?

Nele: ...Me?

Nele: No... No, I'm not. But I can help examine him.

Mia steps warily between Nele and the agitated refugees, preventing them from doing anything too rash.

Nele smiles apologetically to the others, then begins a careful examination of the patient lying on the ground.

She puts on a set of disposable surgical gloves from her pocket and uses a small pair of scissors to cut open the man's sleeve.

Nele: (His epidermal layers have started to undergo silicification... But it's not as bad as they say.)

Nele: (While I can't say for sure without exploratory surgery, I believe it hasn't reached his muscle groups yet... )

Nele: (With adequate treatment, he might have a chance to make a recovery... )

Refugee: Miss! How is it?! Can my big bro be saved?!

Nele: Things aren't as bad as they look.

Nele: If he could undergo surgery or receive appropriate medical treatment, I think he might have a chance to make a full recovery.

Refugee: ...

The boy's face lights up with joy, but as Nele goes on, his expression immediately darkens again.

Nele: (Ah... )

Nele: (...If they could afford treatment, they wouldn't have ended up here..)

Mia: Nele...

Mia looks worriedly at the refugees, whose faces have turned grim.

Refugee: Miss... Are you really not a doctor?

Nele has already denied that once, but the boy asks again, still harboring hope.

Nele: I'm sorry...

Refugee: Arschmade!

One of the other refugees, an older man, kicks a nearby wall in anger.

Refugee: It's all because of those sons of bitches up top!

Refugee: Old Pete would never have gotten this sick if Idunn had gone on sale sooner!

Refugee: I heard there was a Saint at Bohnsdorf who could cure the sick, so we came all the way here to find her.

Refugee: But the village was gone, to say nothing of the Saint! Was it all a lie?!

Refugee: I saw her... She really could cure the sick.

Refugee: But she was kidnapped by someone a while back, then the village was destroyed. Nobody knows where she's gone.

Refugee: It must've been the government!

Nele: ...

Mia: Nele...

Nele bites her lip and unconsciously reaches into her pouch. Her fingers close around one of the bottles that she brought out of the lab.

Nele: (Idunn hasn't passed the Phase III trials yet... Using an unproven drug on ordinary civilians would be unforgivable.)

Old Pete: Water...

The refugees surrounding him immediately huddle close.

Refugee: Water... Who's got water?!

Refugee: I do! Here!

Refugee: Bro...

Nele: ...

After backing off to the periphery of the group, Nele observes the desperation and concern on the refugees' faces with conflicted feelings. She knows very well that this man won't last more than a few days if he does not receive the right medication or if he is not admitted to a hospital.

His current stage of ELID is the last one which is still treatable, and it is also the stage at which one's condition can most easily deteriorate.

Mia: Let's go, Nele.

Mia is about to circle around the refugees.

Nele: ...Tsk!

Nele grits her teeth, then pushes aside the refugees in front of her.

Mia: Nele?!

Refugee: Miss? What are you doing?

Nele: I'm a Galatea researcher. I have medicine.

Several refugees are moving to block her advance, but those words stop them in their tracks.

She hesitantly produces a syringe of Idunn experimental serum from her bag.

Mia: Nele, wait!

Mia tries to stop her.

Mia: Are you crazy?! If Mrs. Gray finds out, you won't just be fired, you know!

Nele: ...

Nele primes the syringe, pauses briefly, then begins cleaning an injection site.

Nele: Mrs. Gray once said, "We are here to save lives."

And with that, she plunges the needle into the man's arm.

Mia: Nele!

Nele: I have faith in Idunn... I believe it can effectively curb ELID.

Nele: That's why I joined Mrs. Gray's research team. Therefore...

Nele depresses the plunger and injects the entire dose into the man. Then she stands up and hurriedly backs away from the refugees crowding around her.

Old Pete: Urgh...

The man groans, but his consciousness is slowly returning.

Refugee: Big Bro!!

Nele shivers as she watches the refugees. She looks down at the empty bottle in her hand.

Nele: ...I couldn't just stand back and watch.

Mia: This will come back to bite you in the ass.

Nele: You don't say... Ugh, my head hurts...

Nele rubs her forehead, as the enormity of just what she had done gradually dawns on her.

Nele: Whether I regret it or not will be a thing for the future.

Mia: ...Let's go back.

Nele: Yeah.

At the sight of the now conscious man, Nele breathes a quiet sigh of relief.

...At the very least, this has got to count for something.
Part 14

14

Griffin Base, Area S09, Neo-Soviet Union.

Persica: Has Kalin been transferred to a specialized hospital?

Helian: Yes.

In the command room, Persica suddenly inquires with a steaming cup of coffee in her hand.

Persica: She does the most in-depth data compilation I have ever seen...

Persica: I hope her condition won't deteriorate any further.

Helian: Don't worry, Miss Persica.

Helian: While there might still be a shortage of medicine...

Helian: With enough care and the right treatment, she will definitely get better.

Persica: I hope so.

Persica: ...What about the juvenile Nytos?

Helian: They're now under Mr. Havier's temporary custody.

Persica: What a shame... That old geezer.

Helian: While Kalina is absent, if there is anything you need, just let me know.

Persica's face is lined with exhaustion.

Persica: The mood here is slightly better than at IOP.

Persica: But I didn't expect I'd still have to work overtime here...

Helian: Thanks to you, the recovery of our Dolls has been progressing very smoothly.

Persica: That goes without saying.

Persica: I didn't come here to ride the gravy train.

Helian: When the Commander returns, I'm sure they will also be glad to learn—

Click.

Just then, the communicator lets out a chirp.

Helian: ...

Helian: ... Caller unknown?

Persica: Hm?

After a brief moment of hesitation, Helian decides to take the call.

Helian: This is Griffin Base S09.

Helian: State your business.

...

...

Berlin, Germany.

Clink.

After the waiter puts down the beverages, the two men sitting on the sofa clink glasses lightly.

???: The situation in Berlin has been rather tumultuous lately, I hope you didn't mind the abrupt invitation to this meeting, Earl.

Griffin: With the help of the Nationale Volksarmee, I'm sure this so-called "turmoil" is no more than insignificant ripples on the surface of a lake, General Schweinsteiger.

Schweinsteiger: How many regimes' collapse started with such "insignificant ripples"? As the Minister of Defense, I am not so confident.

Heinrich Schweinsteiger, Minister of Defense of the German Democratic Republic and Vice-President of the National Defense Council.

A man holding such important positions can only have the most extraordinary amount of experience.

Griffin: Well, it's your job to worry about such things, though I believe you didn't invite me here just for this glass of German brandy?

Schweinsteiger: You haven't changed at all, Earl. We haven't seen each other for more than a decade, have we?

Griffin: 14 years.

Schweinsteiger: Can't believe it's been that long already. We were still relatively young then. What was your job again? You were a journalist?

Griffin: Just the chief editor of a small news agency. What, reminiscing about wartime?

Schweinsteiger: Why would anyone reminisce about that, Earl?

Schweinsteiger: There's nothing nostalgic about sending young people into trenches. However, in order to prevent that from happening again, we must never forget. Isn't that right, Mr. Journalist?

Griffin: ...

Schweinsteiger: Forgive me for being blunt, but what are you doing in Berlin these days?

Griffin: Enjoying a hard-earned vacation, nothing more.

Schweinsteiger: It may be a vacation to you, but your presence is giving a lot of people in the government a massive headache.

Griffin: The conference that will decide the future is about to begin. Consider my visit necessary for some preparatory work.

Schweinsteiger: Earl, we both know full well what you're doing here and on whose behalf.

Schweinsteiger: It's no secret where the Council stands on this matter and what the party thinks of this.

Schweinsteiger: I've got to remind you—the Nationale Volksarmee has its own standpoint and considerations, and the German people know how to tell friends and foes apart.

Schweinsteiger: Please respect our decision.

Griffin: It would be a shame if it really had to come to that.

Schweinsteiger: I agree, which is why you must exercise restraint to prevent it from coming to that.

Griffin: Can I take this as a warning from our "friend"?

Griffin lifts his glass again.

Schweinsteiger: Hahahaha, nobody is warning you, Earl.

Schweinsteiger: It's just a piece of friendly advice to save us all from an awkward situation.

Schweinsteiger: After all, the founding of the Union of Rossartrism is just around the corner, and every single one of us has a duty to defend the Union's interests.

Griffin: But of course. The future of Europe hinges on Germany's decision, and Germany's future hinges on your decision.

Griffin: So may I construe this as your official reply to the Council?

Schweinsteiger: Good God, not at all. I'm just an old man who wants to spend some time catching up with you.

Griffin: Alright, then I'll look forward to "Faust" tonight.

Schweinsteiger: But speaking of which, tension has been on the rise again, especially once the conference was scheduled.

Schweinsteiger: Oberstein has been very troubled ever since he returned from London. Please tell me the truth, Earl.

Schweinsteiger: What really happened in London?

Griffin: The future.

Schweinsteiger: The future?

Griffin: That's right, General. It has always been the future that the Council sets its eyes on.

Schweinsteiger: The "future" is such a vague term. At this point, Germany can only afford to focus on the present.

Griffin: Have you ever considered the fact that it is precisely because the future is obscured that we find every single passing day so riddled with hardship?

Griffin: There will always be some people who can't see the situation for what it is, but time will always be on our side.

Schweinsteiger: That's true, time is on our side... Until this run-down building gets knocked down.

Schweinsteiger takes out an exquisite-looking invitation card and places it on the table.

Schweinsteiger: We are now at the crossroads of fate. One wrong choice and we will go down in history as villains.

Schweinsteiger: We must do our duty to our countries. Is a stable Europe part of the future you mentioned?

Griffin: Of course.

Schweinsteiger: Then have a chat with my friend here. Maybe we can turn a new page together.

Griffin: ...

Griffin looks down at the address written on the invitation. He knows exactly who will be waiting for him there.

This must be Faust's deal.

Griffin: Please inform Mr. Oberstein that I most graciously accept his invitation.

Griffin rises to his full height and is just about to stow the invitation in his pocket.

But Schweinsteiger keeps his fingers pressed on the invitation, with seemingly no intention of handing it over just yet.

Griffin: What is the meaning of this?

Schweinsteiger: There's another personal matter.

Griffin: ...Please go ahead.

Schweinsteiger: Oberstein... is plagued by the past because of something.

Schweinsteiger: At this point, I believe I have the right to know what it is.

Griffin: I'm sure you know me much better than I do.

Schweinsteiger: Lunasia.

Griffin: ...

Schweinsteiger: Oberstein's daughter.

Schweinsteiger: What exactly happened back then?

Griffin eyes the general before him and suddenly realizes... he has not taken a single sip out of his wine glass.

...

On the outskirts of Berlin, Germany.

Commander: ...

Moist soil slips through the Commander's fingers as they stare at the freshly relaid earth in a daze.

RO635: Sorry, Commander...

RO635: This is all we could find.

Commander: That's alright.

The Commander takes the long piece of metal sheet from RO635 and sticks it in the ground in front of them.

"Here lies two pure souls...

"who gave their lives to light a candle of hope for the world."

UMP45: It's probably for the best that we leave out their names.

Commander: ...Someone will remember them. We will, at the very least.

The Commander clasps their hands together and closes their eyes in silent prayer.

After a short while, they stand up and dust themselves off.

M4 SOPMOD II: A-Are we really not taking them back with us?

ST AR-15: We don't have time for this... We're in enough danger as it is.

ST AR-15: We'll only regret it if any harm comes to their bodies.

ST AR-15: This is a good spot... It's remote and quiet, and the view is nice.

UMP45: You do have a point, and I must applaud your excellent choice.

UMP45: If I ever need to be laid to rest, could you take care of my funeral?

ST AR-15: ...

Ignoring UMP45's quip, ST AR-15 silently follows the Commander's gaze and contemplates the crude and simple gravestone.

Commander: Let's go.

ST AR-15: Okay.

UMP45 watches on. Then with a shrug, she turns around and heads back toward their vehicle.

UMP9: 45, this is bad!

Commander: ...What's wrong?

While everyone else is in solemn mourning, UMP9 suddenly calls out urgently from inside the vehicle.

416: Get in!

Commander: What happened?

416 turns her head angrily and glares at the restrained Morridow.

416: What we were dreading came true after all.

416: This bitch somehow opened a crack during our interrogation and broke through the electronic seal for a short period of time.

416: Though we pulled out just in time and closed down the signal flow...

416: She still managed to get a message out.

RO635: What? What did she send?

UMP45: I don't know, but if it were me, I would definitely go with—

Commander: —Our location.

Commander: SOP-II, AR-15!

Commander: Get—

BOOM!!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Aiiieee?!

416: Commander, watch out!!

The loud explosion is followed by chaos.

At that moment, the Commander feels the world spinning upside down all around.

The blast has sent their vehicle rolling.

Commander: Ugh...!

UMP9: Not good, 45!

UMP9: A large Paradeus force is closing in!

ST AR-15: Commander, are you alright?!

ST AR-15 rushes over to drag the Commander out of the overturned vehicle.

In their state of confusion, the Commander can just make out the fast approaching white battalion.

Commander: ...RO, 45, prepare to sortie!

RO635: Roger!

UMP45: Like we ever had a choice... Let's move it!
Part 15

15

On the outskirts of Berlin, Germany.

Commander: ...Huff... Huff...

Braced against the overturned vehicle, the Dolls finally manage to eliminate Paradeus' forces.

UMP45: Good thing it was just a small unit... We probably won't be so lucky next time.

UMP45: Is the vehicle still operational?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hah!

SOP-II tries to flip the vehicle back onto its wheels.

Thunk!

ST AR-15: There'll be hell to pay if you play this kind of trick again!

ST AR-15: You think we really won't kill you?!

In her wrath, ST AR-15 punches Morridow viciously.

Morridow: ...

Morridow's only response to the Doll's violence is a low grunt.

Commander: Stop it, 15... Don't waste your strength on her.

Commander: Go and help the others.

ST AR-15: (Exhales) Sorry.

ST AR-15 shoots Morridow another dirty look, and while she still fights the urge to just blow her brains out, skelters off to join her comrades and checks on the unconscious Dandelion.

Morridow: ...Cool as a cucumber, aren't you, my Commander~?

Commander: Shut up.

Morridow: Oh~? I thought you captured me to get me to talk.

Morridow: I thought you'd want me to do the opposite of shutting up~

Commander: You can save me that load of crap.

Morridow: But from what I can see in our memory, you were very kind and gentle to my sister.

Commander: She was nothing like you... She would never take innocent lives for her own ends.

Morridow: Oh? Is that what bothers you, Commander? You, whose hands are also soaked in blood?

Morridow: Heh... I suppose a bud sprouting in the soil does still yearn for light. So that's the sort of thing you're into, I see.

Morridow: Next time, I'll humor you.

Commander: ...

RO635: Commander!

RO635 comes over, interrupting the Commander and Morridow's conversation.

RO635: ...A transmission from the base.

Commander: ...

The Commander shoots Morridow another glance, then turns and follows RO635 to the other side.

Commander: It's me.

Helian: ...I'm very glad to see that you're doing well, Commander.

Commander: Miss Helian? How's Kalina? Is she alright?

Helian: Relax, Kalina is perfectly fine.

Helian: We have already transferred her to a specialized hospital.

Helian: The juvenile Nyto known as Anna has also been sent to Havier for research.

Commander: Right... Oh, sorry.

Commander: You must have called me for a particular reason. Is something the matter?

Helian: You could say that.

J: Hello, Commander.

Commander: ...!

Commander: Y-you are...?

J: A Stasi agent and a colleague of K's. You may call me J.

Commander: I see now... You're the one who's been helping Ange this whole time.

The Commander murmurs with rueful understanding, then lapses into silence.

They didn't expect that to be the last time they would hear from Ange.

Now... there is even more work to do.

Commander: We are very grateful for your continued support.

Commander: We won't forget the favors that you and K have done us.

J: Wow, you're not like Ange at all. Anyway, let's not waste time on this kind of empty small talk.

Commander: ...

J: ...The fact that K has given me your contact information means he trusts you.

J: I trust K, and I trust Ange, which is why I've decided to place my bet on you.

J: Isn't it the same for you?

Commander: ...You're right.

Commander: But regardless, thank you very much for getting in touch with me.

J: ...As you know, Paradeus' infiltration into our country is far more deep-seated and extensive than we expected.

J: There's no telling whom we can really trust. Working together is our only hope of averting catastrophe.

Commander: ...

The Commander rubs their forehead and forces themselves to remain calm.

Commander: What do you need me to do?

J: ...As I've said, I'm now under surveillance so I can't get around freely.

J: There are many things that I can't really do at the moment, but you have no such limitations.

J: I will supply you with intelligence, and in return, I'd like you to share your findings with me.

Commander: ...

J: ...My colleague was killed in that mansion.

J: But Ange could still be alive. We might still have a chance to rescue her.

Commander: ...This is Ange we're talking about.

Commander: She couldn't have kicked the bucket just like that.

J: You see? I knew we could come to an agreement.

Commander: Right. Then let's keep in touch.

J: Alert me at once if you have any new discoveries. I'll do the same.

Commander: Understood.

Click.

Call ended.

RO635: ...Can we really trust a guy who popped up completely out of the blue?

Commander: He contacted me using K's cipher.

Commander: Considering our circumstances, having an extra lead is not a bad thing.

RO635: I see. Then right now...

Commander: ...We have more questions to ask our prisoner.

RO635: Understood.

...

...

Berlin State Opera, Berlin, Germany.

The opera house is soon abuzz with activity and conversation. Then a female singer takes center stage and bursts into song.

???: Kein Traum ist dieses Glück!

???: Ich halte dich umfangen ♪

Her sweet and mellow voice has a certain mesmerizing quality that keeps the audience enthralled.

Schweinsteiger: She has a captivating voice.

Oberstein: And your tastes are as refined as ever.

The legendary Minister Rudolf von Oberstein himself is sitting in a private box on the left alcove.

The center of power in the entire German Democratic Republic is currently gathered here in this very opera house.

The curtain falls. It is now the intermission.

Schweinsteiger: Minister Oberstein, a gift from our friend brought to you all the way from the Soviet Union.

Oberstein: Ha, Moskovskaya vodka...

Oberstein: Looks like someone is reminding me not to step out of line.

Oberstein: Hm... It's been so long I've almost forgotten the taste.

Schweinsteiger: He really knows what you like...

Oberstein lifts his shot glass and peers at it with narrowed eyes.

Oberstein: Let's get down to business. Has he accepted our invitation?

Schweinsteiger: Yes, he knew from the start that the invitation was from you.

Oberstein: Of course. He is no simple man.

Schweinsteiger: I'm beginning to understand why you have chosen to deal with him. However, isn't this too risky?

Schweinsteiger: It's not a good idea to antagonize a member of the Council. Even the Swiss don't dare to get on the URNC's bad side. If they find out...

Oberstein: I see that not only do you wish to befriend the Earl, you are also quite chummy with the Swiss.

Oberstein: Still, money doesn't necessarily buy one a friend. One could end up buying a dog.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Oberstein: Hahahahaha...

Oberstein: Don't worry, General. I promise there will not be another large-scale disarmament like the one in 51. However...

Schweinsteiger: That's not my greatest concern. More importantly...

Oberstein: Let's resume this discussion some other time. Our friend has arrived.

Right on cue, Oberstein's secretary speaks from outside the private box.

Secretary: Minister, Lord Griffin is here.

Schweinsteiger: Please let him in.

Secretary: Yes, sir.

A moment later, the door is opened. The two men rise to receive their late guest.

Oberstein: Earl, you're late. You missed a spectacular soprano in the first half of the performance.

Griffin: Apologies. I didn't expect the traffic to be so terrible in Berlin when it's rainy.

Griffin: It's been a long time, Minister Oberstein. The last time we met was in '62, yet you still cut a striking figure.

Oberstein: Thank you. The last time I saw you was during that conference on European IT standards in London, wasn't it? Back then you were... still a "secretary" working at the Cabinet Office.

Griffin: Do excuse my humble beginnings.

Oberstein: Well, thank you for your gift. It brings back memories of the reconstruction era.

Griffin: I thought you disliked vodka.

Oberstein: And I thought Brits disliked leaving their quaint little island, yet here you are, making yourself at home in Berlin.

Griffin: ...

Griffin returns Oberstein's gaze evenly. Then they both burst into laughter. Having watched the entire exchange on the edge of his seat, the general surreptitiously breathes a sigh of relief.

Schweinsteiger: My friends, let's all sit down comfortably before we continue.

Oberstein: Please.

Griffin: After you.

The three men slowly sit down. Oberstein is the first to speak.

Oberstein: Earl, we never had the chance to have a proper conversation even though you've been in Berlin for quite a while. I'll cut straight to the chase.

Oberstein: Why exactly is the Council so interested in Berlin?

Griffin: It's because of the smell, Minister.

Griffin: The smell in the air on the eve of a storm. The smell of blood.

Schweinsteiger: You believe a storm is coming?

Griffin: I believe we are here to discuss how to stop it.

Oberstein: Oh? Then is there anything I can do to clear the air of the smell of blood?

Griffin: Certainly. Where there is a will, there is a way. This bit of stench won't be much of a problem as long as it's dealt with in a timely fashion.

Griffin: After all, I doubt anyone wants to plunge the world into chaos.

Oberstein: ...

Oberstein: Earl, I hope you forgive the current state of disorder in Berlin. Germany is at a watershed moment.

Griffin: I am quite curious, esteemed Minister Oberstein, about how this state of disorder will be resolved and where Germany's future lies. More importantly, which future will you choose?

Oberstein: Do you believe we even have a future in this crumbling house?

Griffin: Is it necessary to knock it down, then? So who is going to give it a good kick? You?

Schweinsteiger: Earl, you...

Oberstein: It's quite alright, General Schweinsteiger.

Oberstein: We should be heartened that a guest from faraway shows such great concern for our country...

Griffin: I thank you for your understanding. Please believe me when I say that I genuinely wish for a bright and prosperous future for Europe.

Oberstein: Do you know when was the first time I drank this vodka, Earl?

Oberstein: It was around ten years ago in an air-raid shelter. My lieutenant poured us both a shot to calm our nerves. I can still clearly recall his grin even after all this time.

Oberstein: So you don't have to ask me how to put an end to this state of disorder. Our Soviet friends are very experienced in this regard.

Griffin: True, but right now they're rather occupied by their own troubles, so unfortunately, they won't have time to share their valuable experience with you.

Oberstein: Then you must remind them to take care of themselves. Winter in Siberia can be brutally cold.

Griffin: You have a point. Let us drink to their long-lasting health.

Oberstein: Indeed. To their health.

Oberstein raises his glass and downs his vodka in a gulp.

Oberstein: Thank you for coming tonight, Earl. Germany has already wasted too much time in our past squabbles and turmoil. This time, we must not make the wrong choice.

Oberstein: And it goes without saying that I hope to see you in Germany's future.

Oberstein gets to his feet and pulls open the drapes behind the private box.

Oberstein: Thank you for inviting me, General Schweinsteiger.

Oberstein: But I must get back early tonight and continue serving my country tomorrow. Goodnight, gentlemen.

Oberstein turns and exits the box.

Griffin: He still hasn't left it behind.

Schweinsteiger: Who can really say they have, Earl?

...
Part 16

    16chevron_right

In the Neo-Soviet Union...

(Rustling)

The drifting snowflakes fall to the ground, crackling delicately as they disappear under a leather boot.

Winter is coming earlier and earlier in the Neo-Soviet Union.

The man in plain clothes walks in slowly from the entrance of the cemetery, leaving a long trail of footprints behind him.

He stands before the cenotaph and raises his head.

He has engraved every name on it in his heart.

Carter: Phew...

As he exhales a cloud of white mist, Carter can keenly feel the coldness of early winter.

Behind him, a uniformed soldier approaches slowly, an umbrella in hand.

Soldier: ...Sir, the report has been accepted by the Secretary.

Soldier: You are currently relieved of all duties and are to remain in your current position to await further instructions.

Carter: Relieved of all duties...

Carter: ...Is that all?

Soldier: ...Yes, sir.

Carter: I hold no delusions that Zelinsky is that kind.

Carter: Perhaps the people on top are still thinking of the sacrifices I've made for the Motherland.

Soldier: Sir...

Carter: What about Captain Yegor's family?

Soldier: ...Captain Yegor was branded as a traitor.

Soldier: We could not treat him as a martyr, so... all we could do was arrange for his family to move elsewhere.

Carter: It's a shame.

Soldier: Sir?

Carter: It's a shame that a hero who fought for his nation does not even have the right to be buried in the land he was born in.

Carter: Such a country is no longer the motherland that we've sacrificed everything for.

Carter looks up at the cenotaph, which is covered in countless names. He takes out a document with an opened seal.

Soldier: Sir... What is that?

Carter: ...Just a contract.

After taking another long, hard look at the document in his hands, Carter turns and slowly walks toward the cemetery's exit.

Soldier: Sir! Where are you going?!

Carter: ...

...To the border.

Stasi Interrogation Room, Berlin, Germany.

The sealed interrogation room is cut off from all kinds of signals, listening devices, and daylight.

It is silent, and 100% suited for waiting.

K: ...

Mona: ...

The oppressive mood here does not come from the seated people, but the person pacing back and forth is most definitely filling the air with tension...

J: Is she coming or not? She calls us over saying it's urgent and then she leaves us hanging?

J: Hello! I'm a subordinate, not a criminal!

J: ...Come on, you two, say something!

J: I've never seen a leader like her before! Hell, I've never seen a woman like her before!

J: I have no idea what the hell she's thinking! If she has so little regard for us, then she shouldn't have called us over in the first place!

J: All the brass know how to do is send ornamental vases over, would it kill them to spare a thought for us—

Wham!

The door to the room flies open with a mighty kick and the tall, imposing "ornamental vase" in question storms in, slamming the door shut behind her.

J: ...

Romy: This mission is codenamed "Neo". Our objective is to find a missing cargo truck.

Romy: It went missing between Segments C6 and C9 of Autobahn A109.

A picture flies out and lands in front of K. The extremely low resolution means that the only thing they can make out is the silhouette of a truck.

J: Police work again...

Romy's eyes sweep over to him. J immediately swallows the words he was about to say and shuts up.

Romy: All the highway surveillance footage along this region was destroyed. You must recover the vehicle and its cargo.

K: Understood. What resources do we have...?

Romy: Only the personnel present. You are not to leave any traces behind during the course of this mission.

Romy: Also, don't overstep your boundaries.

K: Understood.

Romy: Schwaben, this is the first job I have assigned you.

K: I am honored to have gained your trust.

Romy: You didn't get this assignment because I trust you. You got it because your record proves that you are suited to this job.

Romy: Any questions?

J: ...

Mona: ...

K: No questions. You've made yourself very clear.

Romy: Make sure you check in on time.

K: Yes, ma'am.

Romy nods, then pivots on her heels and leaves.

It has been less than a minute since she entered, but the tension in the air fades with the sound of the closing door.

Inside a Stasi office.

Large, crude letters fly across the display board. K turns around, then spins the stylus in his hand.

K: These are our upcoming work arrangements.

J: ...Are you serious?

K: Do I look like I'm kidding?

J: ...Schwaben, did she drug you or something?

J: We have a blurry photo and a stretch of Autobahn long enough to race on.

J: Could she be making it any more obvious that she's messing with us?! It's so simple that even I could see through it, how come you can't?!

Mona: I do not believe that is Madam Romy's intention.

Mona: Also, this mission is of the utmost secrecy. She would not have assigned it to people she did not trust.

J: Do I look like someone she trusts?

Mona: Everyone in the bureau knows the two of you work very well together and you have lots of experience in handling such things.

J: Humph.

Mona: You are more experienced than me when it comes to these matters.

Mona: How should we proceed?

K: Things don't just vanish into thin air. We need to check the transport route. I'll feel better letting you handle that. Take note—time is very tight.

Mona: Understood. I'll go now.

J: You take your time.

J flops down on a nearby sofa and turns on the TV.

Shadowless: An ELID patient in Berlin has suddenly developed symptoms of shock and has been admitted to the ICU in St. Marien's Hospital.

Shadowless: According to our sources, said patient claims to have been dosed with a drug produced by Galatea Corporation, but Galatea claims that the product in question has not yet passed the Phase III trials and is not being distributed on the market through any channels. The truth of the matter warrants further investigation.

Shadowless: This incident not only highlights the chaotic situation of the drug market, but also the negligence of the National Drug Regulatory Administration!

Shadowless: Many Galatea pharmaceutical plants have been shut down recently, pushing back the release of Idunn indefinitely and slowing the development of therapeutic medicines.

Shadowless: The suffering patients have no choice but to seek aid through unorthodox means. Such incidents can only be stopped if the government puts the lives of the people first and gives them safe and reliable channels through which they can purchase legitimate medicines!

On the streets of Berlin.

Ka-click.

Fara: Heehee, Shadowless looks really good against the backdrop of this big screen today... Hm, I wonder if one of Galatea's rivals is trying to deliberately stir something up—

Fara: Hm? You are...?

A beautiful face suddenly presses itself up in front of her. This woman looks like she has just stepped off a fashion spread.

???: Excuse me, miss, but may I check your camera?

Fara: ...Uh, s-sure...

Fara hands her camera over. All she sees is the woman's alluring eyes and the curve of her lips.

???: So you were taking pictures of Shadowless.

???: She sure is popular.

Fara: Hm?

???: And here I thought you were taking pictures of me~ Ah, I guess I was merely flattering myself.

Fara: Oh! Then... may I take a picture of you now?

???: Hm, my makeup today isn't the best. Some other time, maybe~
Part 2: 2-1-GD-1 (Seems to be out of place? Maybe a flashback or intermission?)

2

Bang bang bang!

Ferocious firepower knocks her down amidst a jigsaw puzzle of shattered glass.

???: ...Urk, th-that hurts!

Densely-packed prickles of pain crawl along her limbs and up her spine. She tries to writhe forward, to no avail.

The fragments of broken glass by her hands reflect her wretched face.

???: Who... Whose face is this?

White Nyto: No. 10876, facial data detection successful.

White Nyto: Attack data detection failed. Defense data detection failed...

The girl in white can't be bothered to pay any attention to the machine reading out information behind her. She claws wildly at her face.

???: ...No, this isn't my face!

White Nyto: Disguise assessment... Failed.

The hollow-eyed girl in white hands down the final verdict of the assessment.
Part 3: 2-1-GD-2 (Intermission?)

3

???: Who... Who are you?

Suddenly, a girl with a face that's identical to hers appears before her.

Morridow: ...I am No. 10954.

???: Why do you look like me? Are you... Are you my little sister?

The girl's face twists into a cruel, mocking smile.

Morridow: Ha, you've got some nerve! A defective specimen dares claim to be the original?

Morridow: You have a number too, and if you have a number, you're not the original, got that?

???: ...No! I'm a human... I have a name... I have a name...

Morridow: In that case... What IS your name?

???: My... My name is...

???: No... Who... Who am I...?

She stares into the girl's eyes, which are gleaming with cryptic amusement. Her mind feels empty, like a jacket that has been run through a washer.

All that's left are empty pockets and shredded lint.
Part 4: 2-1-GD-3 (Intermission?)

4

The girl in black respectfully approaches the girl in white who is checking a list of names.

Black Nyto: Sister, Father said that this batch of test products are of extremely low quality, so they can be retained if they meet just one criterion.

White Nyto: Yes, I understand.

The girl in white looks up from the name list and looks around as if she is clearing out excess items clogging up a warehouse.

White Nyto: From today onwards, you are all "Morridow".

And so, the girls' fates have been decided, just like that.

???: That's not my name! I'm not Morridow... My name isn't Morridow...

Some girls cry out in defiance of their fate.

Morridow: Yes, I am "Morridow".

But many more calmly accept the shackles of their destiny.
Part 5: 2-1-GD-4 (Intermission?)

5

Amidst the confusion, she hurriedly grabs the arm of her sister who bears the same face.

???: Sister! I've found a way out... Let's run!

She has been waiting for this fleeting opportunity for far too long.

???: Come again?

???: I said, we can flee while they aren't paying attention...

Her hand is smacked away.

???: No, what I'm asking is... what did you just call me?

???: What's wrong, sister?

Her sister bursts out laughing. She laughs so hard she doubles over.

???: Sis...Sister?! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA~!

???: What... are you laughing at...?

???: Oh, I won't leave this place.

???: On top of that, I won't let you leave either.

Her "sister" suddenly stops laughing, and presses the alarm button on the wall with a slender finger...
Part 6: 2-1-GD-5 (Intermission?)

6

She stands at the edge of a deep ravine, gazing with satisfaction over the corpses of the little girls that fill it.

Morridow: Now then, am I the only "Morridow" left?

White Nyto: Yes, Big Sister.

Morridow: She looks away from the ravine and turns to size up the "inferior product" standing before her.

White Nyto: What is your bidding, Big Sister?

Morridow: Get on your knees and bark like a dog.

White Nyto: ...

White Nyto: Yes, Big Sister.

The "inferior product" immediately falls to her knees and imitates a dog.

White Nyto: Arf arf arf...

Morridow: What a good girl you are~ I like girls who do as they're told, hahahahaha~

Her maniacal laughter echoes through the ravine...
Part 7: 2-2

7

On the outskirts of Berlin.

By a road lined with verdant trees stands a small and rather decrepit house.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Wheezes) What's with this rickety house?! This can't be the place that J guy is sending us to, right?

RO635: Stop complaining and get to work, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright, alright!

M4 SOPMOD II: This place looks so beat-up. Can it even be used?

RO635: It does look a bit old, but it's actually quite well-equipped. There's even a vehicle for us.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh! Hold on, why are we the only ones doing the cleaning?!

RO635: We'd already be done by now if you hadn't wasted so much time jabbering.

RO635 picks up their cleaning equipment and pushes SOP-II into the house.

The others remain outside, organizing their ammo and firearm reserves. Everyone looks solemn and exhausted.

UMP45: I can see from your face that you've already come up with thousands of ways of dealing with Morridow.

ST AR-15: ...

UMP45: If you can't hold it in, do share them with me. I'm sure your ideas will be way more hair-raising than Gr G11's horror flicks.

Commander: I know how you feel, 15, but Morridow may still be of use to us.

ST AR-15: I understand, Commander.

UMP45: It won't be easy getting information out of her.

ST AR-15: How hard can it be? I can get her to talk as long as she has a mouth.

UMP45: I also know how to conduct an interrogation, but the main problem is we're only safe for the time being.

UMP45: Even with the temporary safe house, with Morridow's skills, it's only a matter of time for her to break through the signal barrier and get a message out.

UMP45: If we don't solve this issue, we'll have to keep switching locations.

Commander: If Paradeus takes her away, all our efforts will have been for nothing...

ST AR-15: Can't you break her comms module?

UMP45: It won't do any good. Only an electronic lock would work on her.

UMP45: Unfortunately, the only person who can create one... is still in dreamland.

ST AR-15: Then when will she be able to do that?

ST AR-15: Break through the signal barrier, I mean.

UMP45: Hard to say. After all, a Nyto's neural cloud... or virtual cognition image?

UMP45: Well, it may look like our neural space, but it's actually a completely different system.

UMP45: I can try hacking it, but my method would be rather crude.

Commander: In that case—

Screeeeeee—

At that moment, an extraordinary noise suddenly comes through the Commander's communicator.

The shrill shriek pierces the Commander's human eardrums. The two Dolls are also displaying reactions of intense pain.

ST AR-15: Argh...!!

UMP45: It's... a neural attack...!!

ST AR-15 collapses onto the ground, her limbs spasming out of control.

UMP45 is faring a lot better in comparison, but even she is struggling to move.

Commander: 15?!

The Commander hurriedly turns off the communicator and stares at the collapsed ST AR-15 in alarm.

Commander: Dammit! We're already under attack?!

UMP45: G-Get out of here... Commander...!

The Commander, the only one unaffected, is caught in a dilemma.

They can't just leave the Dolls behind!

Screeeeee!!

UMP45: Oof!

The sharp noise rings out again, and UMP45, who was frozen to the spot just a second ago, is released from her invisible binds.

ST AR-15: Ugh...!

The spasming ST AR-15 also returns to normal, but she is still sprawled on the ground from the exertion.

UMP45: I have never come across EM interference of such intensity...

Still shaken, UMP45 grips her gun warily.

ST AR-15: We must...Prepare for a counterattack... Where is the enemy?

Leaning against a wall, ST AR-15 gets to her feet feebly as she scans the surroundings cautiously.

Commander: ...

However, throughout the initial neural attack, the safe house has been utterly still and quiet.

The enemies everyone is expecting have not shown up. UMP45 and ST AR-15 exchange bemused glances.

What on earth just happened?

Commander: ...Are both of you alright?

ST AR-15: ...I'm okay now.

UMP45: I took a hit, but it only lasted a second.

Still feeling very tense and uneasy, UMP45 gets in touch with UMP9.

UMP45: 9? Respond if you copy.

UMP9: 45? What is it?

UMP45: Did you feel anything just now?

UMP9: No?

UMP9 is her usual self. Nothing seems to have happened to her whatsoever.

ST AR-15: Did they not notice anything?

UMP45: Looks like it. I suppose the phenomenon was localized to where we are?

ST AR-15: Localized...

Suddenly struck by a thought, ST AR-15 turns to look at the entrance of the safe house.

ST AR-15: Crap! RO and SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: WAAAAH!!!

As if to confirm ST AR-15's suspicions, SOP-II's scream comes from within the safe house.

On a shaded boulevard, an oblivious moth lands lightly on Gray. She pinches its wings delicately.

Then she brings her hands gently together...And slowly pushes them against each other... She spreads her hands...

And the moth is now lifeless.

White Nyto: ...

Black Nyto: W-We... couldn't lock onto their latest position...

Black Nyto: We have already deployed all our scouts, but Morridow's signal was very weak...

Black Nyto: T-Then we lost it altogether several minutes ago. We can't trace it...

Mrs. Gray: Save the explanation.

Mrs. Gray: What about you?

The Nyto being addressed shudders and answers carefully.

White Nyto: We cracked the data from the previous transmission. They seem to point towards these locations.

Mrs. Gray: Right. Send me the floor plans of all three factories.

White Nyto: They have been sent to you...

White Nyto: But these factories are all abandoned... W-What do we do next?

Mrs. Gray: Find something from the factories and put them in there. Make sure they're less than 50% complete.

White Nyto: ...Understood.

Mrs. Gray: You.

Gray raises her chin.

Black Nyto: A-awaiting orders!

Mrs. Gray: Go and set up a surveillance system. Don't leave any blind spots.

Black Nyto: Yes, ma'am!

Black Nyto: But...

Mrs. Gray: Go on.

Black Nyto: The place has been abandoned for too long, I'm afraid the power supply will not be able to support the surveillance equipment...

Mrs. Gray: That's fine. We still have time.

White Nyto: Should I... send sentries over there?

Mrs. Gray: No need. I'm going in person.

White Nyto: Yes, ma'am.

After a pause, Gray tosses the corpse of the moth away.

The Nytos look at each other... uncertain whether they should leave. Gray glances at them.

Mrs. Gray: Get to work.

White Nyto: Yes, Ma'am.

The Nytos take their leave, and Gray lets out a long sigh.

She dials someone's number on her communicator.

???: ...You look dog tired.

Mrs. Gray: I am. I just hope it will go smoothly this time.

Mrs. Gray: It's just been trouble after trouble. Tell those at Galatea to take better care.

???: Thank goodness we have you.

Mrs. Gray: ...If only she'd think so as well.

???: She'll probably be able to tell...

Mrs. Gray: But who cares about her? She'll have to ask for my help eventually.

Mrs. Gray: The "goods" are still with me, after all.

???: True.

???: I'm almost done on my end.

Mrs. Gray: Good. I'll see you later.

In the house on the outskirts of Berlin.

ST AR-15: SOP-II!!!

ST-AR 15 kicks open the door and calls out to her friend anxiously.

UMP45: Oh boy.

The two Dolls are immediately greeted by the sight of SOP-II and RO635 sprawled on the ground as they enter the house. Unlike themselves, these two have clearly crashed right away when they came under attack.

UMP45 rushes up to them and starts running diagnostics, while ST AR-15 runs over to Dandelion, who has been laid down on the sofa.

Seemingly oblivious to all the commotion, she is just lying there silently. ST AR-15 leans in to inspect her carefully—if anyone is launching an attack, the one they must protect is...

Commander: Hold on, 15!

ST AR-15: What?

Just as ST AR-15 freezes in confusion, her hand is suddenly caught in a grip.

She turns her head in surprise and finds herself staring into a pair of familiar eyes. Dandelion is gazing at her with her eyes wide open.

???: ...

ST AR-15: ...?!

ST AR-15: Wha—

???: ...What is it, 15?

???: Is something wrong with your language module?

UMP45 and the Commander stand rooted to the spot, utterly shocked by the sudden development.

ST AR-15: Dande... No... Who exactly are...

"Dandelion": ...Don't be alarmed, 15.

Is this another one of Dandelion's stupid jokes?

No, this isn't Dandelion.

ST AR-15: You're...M4...

M4 pats ST AR-15 on the head and peers at the gobsmacked Commander.

M4A1: Aren't you going to say hello, Commander?

Commander: Uh... Yeah. Oh, uh...

Commander: You...

Being addressed directly all of a sudden leaves the Commander completely flustered.

But M4 seems content to just gaze affectionately at an old friend whom she hasn't seen in a long time.

Looking deep into her eyes, the baffled Commander slowly regains their composure.

Commander: ...Welcome back, M4.

By now, no one can doubt her identity.

UMP45: ...So that neural attack was your doing?

While the others are all caught in the emotional moment, UMP45 is hanging on the sideline, the very image of annoyance.

UMP45: And here we thought Paradeus was onto us.

M4A1: Sorry, I didn't know my awakening would have that side effect.

UMP45: ...That's alright, I'm not fishing for an apology from you.

UMP45: However, could you revive those two first?

M4A1: Oh, of course...

M4 sits up on the sofa and puts her feet down on the floor. She stares at Dandelion's legs, seemingly struck by the curious feeling of using an unfamiliar body.

Both the Commander and ST AR-15 are visibly concerned as they watch her uncertain movements, causing M4 to chuckle.

M4A1: I'm not a patient in rehab.

M4A1: You don't have to fret so much, 15, Commander.

ST AR-15: But you...

UMP45: C'mon, she looks a lot better than you did just now.

UMP45: I may just be an outsider, but even I can tell you're making her uncomfortable.

M4A1: You are not an outsider, 45.

M4A1: There isn't a single outsider here. You are our cherished companion.

Commander: ...That's right, 45. Stop saying such things.

UMP45: Humph.

UMP45 shrugs and does not bother to argue. But her face looks visibly more relaxed.

M4 walks slowly up to RO635 and SOP-II, who are lying on the floor.

RO635: ...Huh?!

M4 SOPMOD II: What?!

The crashed Dolls leap up instantly.

RO635: W-What just happened?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?! M4! M4 is awake!!

RO635: Dandelion?!

M4A1: 15...

M4 smiles apologetically.

M4A1: Could you get everyone outside for now?

M4A1: I need to have a word with the Commander in private.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?! But why?! I also wanna have a word with you!

RO635: Hold on... W-what? What exactly is going on?

RO635 stares at ST AR-15 with confusion, but the latter merely gives her head a shake.

M4 strokes SOP-II's face and pats her on the head.

M4A1: Be good, SOP-II. We'll talk later, okay?

M4A1: Just give us a minute, then we can talk for as long as you want.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Grumbles)

SOP-II still looks a bit indignant, but she is much better behaved in front of M4.

ST AR-15: ...Let's head outside. I'll explain.

After double-checking that M4 truly seems fine, she leads everyone else out of the room...

Leaving the Commander alone with the newly awakened M4.

Commander: ...

Commander: You girls could've talked a bit more.

M4A1: I'd love that, but you must have a lot of questions.

Commander: ...Indeed.

M4A1: I'm sure you can tell that I'm in a very peculiar state at the moment.

M4A1: There are certain things that I want to keep from them so as not to cause unnecessary worry.

Commander: Hm... I am quite curious about your current state.

Commander: But more importantly... Where have you been all this time?

M4A1: ...

When confronted with this question, M4 pauses and frowns, then she shakes her head.

M4A1: I'm sorry, but I can't answer that.

Commander: ...You can't answer that?

M4A1: That's right.

Commander: What's the meaning of this?

M4A1: I hate to keep things from you, but for your sake as well as mine, I really cannot divulge that information.

M4A1: I can't tell you everything right now...But please believe me—I'll never do anything that will cause you and my friends harm.

Commander: ...Alright, I believe you.

Commander: Tell me only when you can.

Commander: Also, I still haven't had the chance to thank you. If it hadn't been for you, we would all have died there.

M4A1: It was the least I could do, and it was also the primary reason for my return.

M4A1: Of course I had to save my friends. I never expected to be thanked for such a thing.

Commander: Regardless, you still have my gratitude.

Commander: Speaking of which, how did you make it back? And where is Dandelion?

M4A1: My body isn't here. Right now I'm merely a string of neural cloud data. I'm borrowing Dandelion's body for the moment, while she is asleep. There's no need to worry.

M4A1: However, sustaining the presence of two neural clouds is very taxing for this body. I will have to leave when the load becomes too much for the body to bear.

Commander: I see... Wait, you have to go again?

M4A1: Only after my mission is complete.

M4A1: Don't worry... It won't be too long until our proper reunion.

With a smile, M4 walks up to the Commander and caresses their face.

M4A1: ...It must have been very hard on you, Commander.

Commander: Not at all...

Commander: Uh, by the way, we've taken the Nytos from the underground base as prisoners.

Commander: Their EW capability is too much for us to manage... Can you handle them?

M4A1: No problem, leave them to me.

Commander: But your body...

M4A1: I'm fine.

Commander: ...Alright, then I leave the matter in your hands.

Commander: But...Please don't push yourself.

M4A1: Of course. Don't worry, I'm not the way I used to be.

M4A1: Not to mention... Saving her is also one of the reasons I've returned.

In the pitch-dark and silent room, all she can hear is her own breathing.

A beam of light shines through the darkness, blinding her. A cold voice snaps ruthlessly.

ST AR-15: Wake up.

Morridow: You swing by once every two hours, like clockwork.

ST AR-15: ...

Morridow: Are we going through the same routine again? Electrocution, waterboarding, sleep deprivation... Tsk, can't you change things up a bit?

Thunk!

ST AR-15 punches Morridow on the temple.

Blood streams down from her forehead, leaving a trail down her nose.

Morridow: (Wheezes) ...Is that all? I haven't had enough...

ST AR-15 gladly accepts the invitation. A knife made of alloy glints faintly in the dark as it slices through skin effortlessly.

The human body that gives Morridow such a perfect disguise comes at a price that she is paying now.

The human body feels pain.

Morridow: (Coughs) Aaaargh... It hurts~! I beg you, please kill me... This is unbearable...

Morridow: Ohhhh~! I want to cry! Am I allowed to cry? Will you hit me again for crying?

Morridow: ...Seriously, aren't you bored with this?

Morridow's exaggerated expressions vanish in an instant.

Morridow: Was that good enough for you? Did you get a kick out of that? Ugh... What a drag.

Morridow: Don't you know I can switch off my pain receptors? What's the point of doing this?

Morridow: I'm falling asleep here.

RO635: She's deliberately trying to make you angry.

ST AR-15: I know.

With no hesitation, ST AR-15 delivers another punch.

ST AR-15: If she likes this game, we can humor her.

Morridow: (Coughs) What, couldn't find anything you want after rummaging in my memory?

ST AR-15: That's okay, we have plenty of time.

Morridow: Ha, sure~! Heh, if it weren't for Nimogen, who would be the one being tortured now?

Morridow: You? Pfft, you're not even worth the effort. A Doll core like yours is just junk to me.

Morridow: It'd probably be your dear Commander... (Wheezes)

ST AR-15 kicks over Morridow's chair and steps on her face so hard it contorts.

Morridow: (Coughs)

RO635: 15! There's no need to waste our time on her.

ST AR-15: Tell us the details concerning Operation Cocoon and the identity of the man known as "Father".

Morridow: What answers would you like to these questions?

Morridow: Let me think. Hmm... The aim of Operation Cocoon is to destroy Berlin, and Father is Kryuger! That's the name, right? Of your PMC boss...

Smack!

ST AR-15's buttstock bashes Morridow's skull. More blood flows down her cheeks.

Morridow: Now it's really starting to feel like an interrogation.

Morridow: But you're still too gentle.

RO635: You should get a good grip on reality—you're not going back to Paradeus.

Morridow: Hahaha, you seem to have some kind of misunderstanding about Paradeus.

Morridow: Oh, I forgot. You're just regular T-Dolls.

Snap! All the lights go on inside the house.

The person previously obscured by the dark now opens their eyes and watches Morridow closely.

Commander: That's it for the appetizers.

Commander: You should know that there is no meaning to your struggles.

Morridow: Of course there is, but that's not for me to decide.

Morridow: It all depends on you, Commander.

Commander: Go on.

Morridow: We aren't actually opposites, you know.

Morridow: In fact, I admire you a great deal.

Morridow: Robin.

ST AR-15: Shut up!!!

ST AR-15: Commander, she isn't Machlian—

Commander: I am aware.

Morridow is all bloodied and beaten black and blue, but she looks utterly unperturbed, and even quirks a smile.

She slowly wriggles into a sitting position on the floor.

Morridow: No, Commander, there are many things that you aren't aware of.

Morridow: She wasn't my sister. To be exact, she is me, and I am her.

Commander: So?

Morridow: She never told you what's the deal with us, did you?

Morridow: Actually, we share memories—and emotions, even—of the same soul.

Commander: Then will you tell me what Paradeus is plotting?

Commander: When will the fireworks go off? On Unity Day?

Morridow: ...I'll tell you someday, but not now.

Commander: ...

Commander stares at Morridow and lapses into silence.

ST AR-15's eyebrow twitches in rage. She lifts her rifle and is just about to beat Morridow with it again.

M4A1: Hold it, 15.

M4 puts a stop to her outburst.

M4A1: This is pointless. She is too resistant to pain.

ST AR-15: ...Tsk.

Morridow: At least someone's got a brain here, isn't that right, Nimogen?

M4A1: ...

M4 brushes past the Commander and ST AR-15 and comes to a stop before Morridow.

M4A1: You think you're playing us for fools.

M4A1: But that isn't the case. The truth is... your loyalty means nothing.

Morridow: I don't know what you're talking abou—

...

M4 places a hand on Morridow's head. The next moment...
Part 8: 2-4

8

...

Drip...

Morridow slowly opens her eyes in the darkness.

Morridow: ...Tsk.

A revolting stench washes over her, and she unconsciously frowns.

Morridow: ...Where is this place? Weren't those monkeys interrogating me just now?

The scene before Morridow's eyes slowly resolves into clarity as the quiet sound of dripping water reaches her ears.

Morridow: The plant...?

This is the Paradeus plant... No, this isn't just any plant.

It is the place most familiar to her.

Morridow: ...

The steadily-running conveyor belt is laden with rotting corpses that are emanating a nauseating stench. This is the sub-plant that selects test subjects... The place where raw materials are manufactured...And where test subjects are chosen to become Nytos.

Morridow instinctively backs away, and the corpses lying half-buried in the mud immediately start writhing and squirming, as though startled by the sound of her footsteps.

Morridow: Disgusting... Absolutely disgusting... These inferior products...

Even she can't help but break out in goosebumps at such a ghastly sight.

But not because she's afraid.

Corpse: ...

Morridow: Get lost, trash.

There is one corpse among them—soaked in the filth and mire, the dirtiest and most repulsive of them all, completely unrecognizable, yet with the strongest will.

She is crawling...

Crawling...

Towards the only place where there is light.

Morridow: ...I told you not to approach me.

That repulsive, rotting corpse doesn't seem to have heard Morridow as it crawls up to her, hugging her leg tightly.

It fills her with shock, panic, anger. Looking down at that revolting face of the unidentifiable corpse, Morridow savagely stomps on her with her high heels, desperately trying to struggle free.

Morridow: Just die already!!!

But no matter how much force Morridow uses, she cannot shake her off.

???: ... Come here.

A gentle voice calls out from behind Morridow.

The cadaver which was utterly unmoved by Morridow's shouts seems to be transfixed by it.

Morridow: ...Machlian?

Morridow unconsciously speaks that name as she looks back in shock.

M4A1: ...

Morridow: ...It's you? Why is it you?

M4 tenderly embraces the rotting carcass in her arms and gently pats her back.

She looks at the still-panicking Morridow with pity in her eyes.

M4A1: Is this what you call the perfect creation?

Morridow: Of course not... They don't deserve that title.

Morridow: They're nothing more than failures... I'm different.

M4A1: ...

The darkness that crushes in on all sides gradually engulfs M4, but in the moment before she vanishes, she is still looking at Morridow pityingly.

Morridow: Don't you...

Morridow: Don't you dare look at me like that...!

Machlian: Morridow?

Morridow: ...?!

Morridow whirls around, like a startled bird.

On the other side, Machlian gazes gently at her from where she is standing in the light.

Morridow: You... How did you...

Machlian: Don't worry, Morridow.

Machlian: You can do it.

Morridow: Do what...? What are you talking about... Urgh!

She sees her face reflected in the mirror.

Not the one she has now, but the one from before that. The one that she had at the very beginning. Her real face.

Machlian: Changing your face isn't hard. You can learn it too.

...She remembers now.

At the beginning, this crude failure was more capable than her.

Everything she couldn't do, this woman could, easily, and flawlessly.

Morridow: Why...

Machlian: Hm?

Morridow: You could do everything, so why did you defy Father?

Machlian: ...

Machlian gazes at Morridow with sorrow.

Machlian: ...Because I couldn't do those things, Morridow.

Machlian: I just couldn't. I don't understand. Why do we have to hurt others to achieve our goals?

Machlian: Don't we exist to make this world a better place?

Morridow: Father's orders are absolute! The only thing you know is hypocrisy!

Machlian: Morridow...

Machlian slowly approaches Morridow, and Morridow shrinks back in fear.

Machlian: Let's run away together.

Morridow: What?

Morridow freezes for a moment, and Machlian uses this opportunity to walk up to her.

Machlian: Let's get out of here... If we stay here, we won't be ourselves anymore.

Morridow: ...

...That was the question Machlian had asked her that day.

She had the most talent out of them all, yet she kept defying Father and was repeatedly punished for that. What a fool.

In a moment of despair, she reached out to her.

Morridow: ...Machlian.

And when faced with that hand, she responded by—

Machlian: Ahhh!!!

Morridow: You don't deserve to have that face.

Machlian clutches her bloodstained face in agony.

Morridow has stolen her face, and she looks down from above at the howling Machlian.

...Yes, that's it, that's right.

If she can't counterfeit the best face, then why not just steal someone else's?

M4A1: Is that how you treated your big sister? Is this how you treated your one and only friend?

Morridow: Nytos were created to change the world.

Morridow: She was nothing more than an insignificant copy, and not only did she presume to behave as if she were the original, she didn't even know who she was...

Morridow: She thought defying Father was her choice, but the truth is, she didn't deserve to serve Father.

Morridow: Only a perfect individual can satisfy Father's needs.

M4A1: So you consider yourself perfect?

Morridow: Of course I do.

???: GOTTVERDAMMTE SCHEISSE!

Slam!

Morridow: ...Father?!

Morridow looks back in surprise—she is now inside a brightly-lit lab, looking at the back of a familiar figure who is pounding on a table in frustration.

Before him, countless Isomers have been roughly thrown into the disposal pod.

???: Why... Why doesn't it work after I did so much?

???: A pan-immunosome... Does a pan-immunosome actually exist?

Morridow: Father... Father! Please look at me.

Morridow: I...I will help you. I will help you accomplish everything! Father!

???: ...

The man turns around with a scowl and looks at the agitated Morridow.

Morridow: Father... I-I am the most perfect of them all.

Morridow: Please look at me. No matter what it is, I will help you complete it.

???: ...You?

The man peers at Morridow disdainfully.

Morridow: Yes... I'll surpass the others, whether it's Gray, or Narciss.

Morridow: Even Bramedb! I'll surpass them all!

In her fervor, Morridow tries to take the man's hand, but he casts it aside in contempt.

???: You are ALL trash... The leader of trash is nothing more than a slightly bigger piece of trash.

Morridow: Father...

Morridow gazes into his eyes pleadingly.

The man quietly regards her for a while, then his eyes suddenly light up.

???: You...

Morridow: Yes! It's me! I'm here! Father!

Morridow eagerly spreads her arms.

However, the man walks straight through her.

Morridow's eyes widen in disbelief. Still trembling, she whirls around.

...

???: Sister!

The man walks toward M4A1, who is standing in the darkness.

???: I've found you at last, my dear sister...

???: You are the one I've been struggling so hard to find... The perfect one!

Morridow: Noooo!

Morridow's legs begin to sprint of their own accord.

She runs with all her might in pursuit of the man's back, but no matter what she does, she cannot close the distance to the two of them.

Morridow: No! No!! Why is it her... How could it be her?!!

Morridow: Father! Look at me! I'm here! I'm the one! I'm the perfect individual!

Morridow: IT'S ME! IT SHOULD BE ME!!

(Rumble)

The mud-soaked plant begins to collapse.

The room where they learned to change their faces begins to break apart.

The lab where they filtered out the immunosomes is also swallowed by the darkness.

Her virtual cognition image has collapsed.

...

...

Morridow: (Pants) (Coughs heavily)

M4A1: ...

Commander: M4! What...What's wrong?!

All M4 did was put her hand on Morridow's head, and several seconds later, Morridow started coughing and wheezing heavily. She looks much more frail than before.

M4A1: Nothing much. I simply crippled her ability to contact the outside world and made some simple alterations. I didn't hurt her, though. Don't worry.

Commander: ...It doesn't look that simple to me.

After her initial agitation, Morridow slowly regains her equilibrium, but now she looks utterly lost. It's enough to make someone think that M4 has inflicted some kind of irreversible psychological damage on her just now.

M4A1: The rest is up to you, Commander.

M4A1: ...I need to rest for a bit.

Commander: Of course, but M4, you...

Morridow: Ha...Hahaha...HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!

Morridow suddenly bursts into maniacal laughter, startling the Commander.

ST AR-15, who was similarly startled, reflexively bashes Morridow in the head with her rifle's butt.

Blood gushes from her forehead and her head tilts to one side, but her mouth is still split in a deranged grin. She keeps giggling, though much more softly.

Morridow: Who...Who are you...?

M4A1: ...

Morridow: Who on earth are you...? What the hell are you?

Morridow: Who are you? Do you dare answer me? Do you...

M4 turns her back and leaves the room, completely ignoring her.

As Morridow glares at M4's back as she left, her laughter gradually ceases.

Commander: ...Have you gone mad or what?

Morridow doesn't answer the Commander's question. She simply stares vacantly in the direction where M4 went.

Morridow: ...You want to know my secrets, don't you? Robin?

A long while later, she slowly speaks again.

ST AR-15: —You are NOT to use that name!

The Commander peers at Morridow with a frown—there's no knowing what actually happened during that brief clash between her and M4A1, but this is the first time Morridow has shown any willingness to cooperate.

Morridow: ...I can tell you what I know—on one condition.

ST AR-15: You are in no position to discuss conditions.

Morridow: I will only tell you—that's my condition.

Morridow: Robin, you're the only one that I trust now.

Morridow looks toward RO635 and ST AR-15. The two Dolls exchange glances.

ST AR-15: Don't trust her, Commander.

Commander: ...

ST AR-15: ... Commander?

Commander: Step outside for a bit.

ST AR-15: But—

Commander: This is the first time she's taken the initiative to speak. Whether she's lying or not... It won't hurt to hear her out.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 wants to continue arguing the point, but after one look from the Commander, she turns away in a huff.

ST AR-15: ...If anything happens, I'll come running in.

Commander: Yes, I'll be counting on you.
Part 9: 2-4-RD-1 (Out of place?)

9

RO635 finds a small black object made of rubber in the bushes by the road.

RO635: This may be a fragment of a tire!

RO635 collects the fragment carefully.

ST AR-15: There are more fragments of the black strap we just found...

RO635: Looks like this really is the transport route!

ST AR-15: Right, case closed.
Part 10: 2-4-RD-2 (Out of place?)

10

M4 stops the Commander from approaching.

M4A1: Don't come any closer, Commander. The concentration of radioactive particles here are way above normal parameters...

RO635: The levels are completely different from what we detected at the place we just checked out.

M4 and RO635 study the readings grimly.

Commander: This means we're at the right place.

Commander: Looks like they came straight for the "truck".
Part 11: 2-4-RD-3 (Out of place?)

11

RO635: Commander, please don't stray too far away from us. There are traces of Paradeus activity nearby.

M4 SOPMOD II: Paradeus again?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Why are they involved in everything?!

Commander: This proves that Paradeus has penetrated into every nook of Berlin.

M4 SOPMOD II: What does that mean?

RO635: ...These rats have probably chewed holes all over the city.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph, I'm an expert in whack-a-mole!

M4 SOPMOD II: The moment these Paradeus rats poke their heads out, I'll give them a good old whack!
Part 12: 2-4-RD-4 (Out of place?)

12

The comms suddenly come to life. It's UMP45.

UMP45: Attention! We just detected traces of buried explosives.

UMP45: Not only have they deployed units, they've also rigged the place with high explosives.

ST AR-15: They're giving us such a warm welcome.

UMP45: Guess this is the drawback of being so popular. Are you ready to face your "crazy fans"?

ST AR-15: ...Let's go. It's time to give them a wake-up call.
Part 13

13

Shadowless: There's been a major breakthrough with the Galatea serum incident.

Shadowless: The suspect has been taken into custody and the police are now building a case.

Shadowless: Some time earlier, our station contacted the Galatea Corporation for a statement. They declined to respond until the investigations were over.

Shadowless: According to our sources, the lab researching the Idunn serum remains closed, and the project leader Mrs. Gray remains incommunicado. The NDRA has yet to make their stance clear regarding the matter.

Inside a Stasi interrogation room.

The chair is metal, made freezing cold by the air conditioning. The agony of waiting and the fear of the unknown blend into one, and Nele can't help but rub her hands together.

The sound of footsteps approaches, as though to pronounce her final judgment.

J: Oh hey~ If it isn't Frau Nele. What a coincidence, we meet again.

Nele: ...

J: Do you feel surprised?

Nele: ...Not in the least.

J: Then do you feel scared?

Nele: ...Yes, a little.

J: Good~ Our objective is achieved.

J: Well, that's all for the pleasantries. Let's cut to the chase.

J slaps the notebook in his hand onto the table with a "thwap", then pulls out a chair and sits down. He places his elbows on the table and leans his chin on interlaced fingers.

In Nele's eyes, this is the first time this undisciplined field agent has ever appeared stern and serious. It fills her with a strange sense of terror...

J: Did you know there was a problem with the serum?

Nele: I knew, no, I didn't!

Nele: ...What I mean is... Although the serum hadn't passed the Phase III trials yet, this problem had never come up before in earlier experiments, so I don't know why that happened to the man I administered it to...

Nele: He was looking so much better at the time... Also, I've given you the rest of the serum!

Nele: What did the tests say?

J: Who gave you the medicine? Gray?

Nele: ...Nobody gave it to me. I went back to my lab to get it, you know, when I ran into you.

J: Why did you do it?

Nele: I told you last time, didn't I? It's because the government suddenly ordered a halt to the experiments, and we'd only just managed to produce the new batch of test product after a lot of hard work...

Nele: I was worried that it would be compromised, so I took some of it...

J: How many people had access to this serum?

Nele: ...I don't know.

J: You don't know or you don't want to say?

Nele: I don't know! Really... I really don't know!

Nele: Everyone in the lab had different clearance levels, I don't know how many people had direct access to the serum...

J: Let's change the question then. Who brought you into Gray's lab?

Nele: ...It was Mrs. Gray...

J: She personally recruited you? So you had a nepotistic connection to Gray, then?

Nele: Nonononono! I attended one of Mrs. Gray's seminars while I was an undergrad and I submitted lots of resumes to them after I graduated.

Nele: I got in through legitimate channels and a proper interview!

J: Then did you know that Gray has been involved in the recent terrorist attacks?

Nele: WHAT???

Nele: No, that can't be! Mrs. Gray is just a pharmacological expert, how could she be involved in terrorism...? There must be some mistake.

J: Just answer the question.

J: Do you know where she's been over the past couple of weeks?

Nele: ...I don't know, I'm just an assistant, I'm not her secretary or driver...

Nele: Come to think of it, I don't think Mrs. Gray had a secretary at all...

J: So when was the last time you saw her in the flesh?

Nele: Around the 10th of last month? No, that was through a video call...

Nele: I don't think she was in the lab for the past six months. Oh, yes! She came to the company earlier, to take an interview!

J: Do you think it makes sense?

J: A pharmacological expert not taking part in research at her lab for extended periods of time...

Nele: ...Are you suspecting Mrs. Gray?

Nele: It was my decision to inject that man with the serum! It has nothing to do with her!

J glaces at the clock on the wall, his eyes full of impatience.

The minute hand ticks in its progression, causing his forehead to furrow even more.

J: Have you thought things through?

J: Every answer you give will affect where you will spend the rest of your days.

J: The fact that Gray entrusted Idunn to you is a clear sign that she holds you in high regard, yet you're claiming ignorance...

J: Frau Nele, I have run out of patience with you.

Nele: But it's true! I really... I really don't know anything...

Nele: I wanted to work with Mrs. Gray more, but I never had the chance...

J: You are suspected of drug law violations, and you are inextricably linked to Gray.

J: Your only hope for a lighter sentence is to speak the truth. Do you understand me?

Nele: ...But I really don't know anything!

Nele: I don't even know what you want me to say...

Nele: I've said what I should say, can say and can't say. No, wait, I don't mean there's anything I can't say!

Nele: I've told you everything I know!

Nele: If you want to lock me up, then all I can do is go to jail!

J: ...

Nele: ...What's the maximum sentence I'm looking at?

Nele: Three years? Five years? It can't be, right? Surely I can't be that unlucky... It hasn't even been a year since I started working there...

J: ...You've been working there for less than a year? Gray trusted you so much that she let you handle Idunn in less than a year?

Nele: Huh? I wasn't the project lead or head supervisor for the Idunn project...

Nele: I'm just a newcomer who did data processing and odd jobs around the lab...

J: ...Then why did you have to protect the Idunn samples yourself?

J: How many shares of the company are you holding? Must be quite a lot for you to be so eager to take personal responsibility?

Nele: ...

Tap tap tap... The sound of rapid footsteps approached abruptly, then the door is pulled open by a man.

Young Man: Herr J? I... Sorry, I'm in the wrong room, my apologies.

The door quickly closes. Two seconds later, it opens again.

Young Man: Herr J? Frau Cornelia Schaefer? ...I believe I'm supposed to be taking her statement?

J: Yeah, I know Cornelia from a previous encounter.

J: I specially came over to soothe her, lest she be scared out of her wits by Stasi interrogation.

Nele: ...You mean you're not here to take my statement?

J: When did I ever say I was here to take your statement?

Nele: ...

Young Man: I see, thank you for your hard work, Herr J.

J: Yep. Don't be too nervous, Frau Nele.

J: I'll be off now. Tschüss~

Young Man: So you actually know one of our top agents... You're something else, ma'am.

Nele: ...

A dejected Nele leaves the building. Mia is waiting at the doorway and runs up to meet her.

Mia: Are you alright, Nele?

Nele: ...It passed their test, but they confiscated everything and I'm basically on house arrest for the time being, so I can't leave Berlin.

Mia: I can't believe it was the Stasi that took you away instead of the cops, that was scary.

Nele: ...They said I was suspected of causing public panic with illegal drugs and transferred me here.

Nele: That stupid agent even came over to intimidate me!

Mia: You mean that J?

Nele: Yes, him! He said Mrs. Gray was involved in terrorism and whatnot, it scared me to death!

Mia: So what happened in the end?

Nele: ...

Nele: They haven't reached a conclusion yet...

The sunlight on the broad streets is a little glaring.

The two of them fall silent for a while.
Part 14

14

Athena's Owl.

Ting-a-ling.

The chime of the bell at the door is accompanied by the swing of the pendulum of an antique grandfather clock.

Bodyguard: Please enter. We will stand guard outside.

Ulrich: Right.

Ulrich gives her bodyguard a nod and strides inside this shabby bar under his watchful gaze.

The aromas of wine and flowers mingle in the air inside the spacious interior.

Ulrich: I knew you ran a business in Berlin.

Ulrich: Turns out it's a bar... Somehow it doesn't suit you.

In the center of the hall, a man with his back to Ulrich is skillfully pouring a cup of fragrant tea. He turns around and smiles at her.

Griffin: For an Englishman, I'd like to think I'm not too pedantic.

Griffin: Quite the contrary, I enjoy the mood of this place.

Ulrich silently sits down on the chair that the Earl has pulled out for her. She looks at him evenly.

Griffin: Thank you for making time for this meeting.

Ulrich: I shall get straight to the point, Earl.

Ulrich: Given the current circumstances, isn't your method a little too radical? You should've known that the Soviets would have quite a lot to say about this.

The tea in the ceramic cup is so clear it doesn't seem to contain any impurities at all.

But even so, Ulrich leaves it untouched.

Griffin: Everything I do, I do for good reason, and it is all for achieving a very specific goal.

Griffin: To succeed, I require trust.

Ulrich: We have already given a fair amount of trust, Earl.

Ulrich: However...So far, our investment has not paid off.

Ulrich: From what I've heard, the Soviet agent who's MIA was operating under your orders.

Griffin: ...Miss Angelia has clearly not complied with my orders completely, or she wouldn't have found herself in this predicament.

Griffin: But rest assured, Frau Ulrich. I will not sit by and do nothing.

Ulrich: ...I do hope not.

Realizing that she is letting on too much of her own emotions, Ulrich closes her eyes for a second to regain her composure, then raises the teacup.

Ulrich: ...Apologies, I was a little agitated.

Ulrich: You still have our support in spite of what happened. That said, the success of our great cause does hang in the balance as we near the final step, so please understand our trepidation.

Griffin: I do understand.

Ulrich: We don't mean to point any fingers, but we would at least like to know what exactly you're doing regarding General Schweinsteiger.

Griffin: I will answer your question, but I thought you would be more bothered by my active attempt in contacting Minister Oberstein.

Ulrich: Oberstein has been a supporter of the Galatea Corporation since the very beginning and is also a core member of the Berlin government.

Ulrich: It is not strange at all for you to approach him. He is, after all, an unavoidable obstacle in our path.

Ulrich: But Schweinsteiger... Is he worth it?

Griffin: Perhaps he is, perhaps he isn't.

Griffin: But it is definitely worth a try.

Griffin: It's important that we gauge where he stands.

Ulrich: You went that far just to figure out his stance?

Griffin: I want to know what drove him to pick that side.

Griffin puts his empty teacup back down on the table solemnly.

Griffin: This is something I must find out, otherwise we will never overcome our adversary no matter how much strength we have amassed.

Ulrich: ...Why?

Griffin: Because even now, we are still not entirely aware of our adversary's true identity.

Griffin: Don't you think that's very dangerous?

Ulrich: Is our adversary not Minister Oberstein?

Griffin: That's what I thought at first—or rather, that is still my belief for now.

Griffin: However, some doubt still remains—suspicions that cannot be explained, and such doubt could become our weakness further down the road.

Griffin: It's incredibly risky, I know.

Griffin: But I believe that my effort will eventually pay off.

Ulrich: ...I'm amazed, Earl. I never would have thought you'd planned so far ahead.

Ulrich: Indeed, it does make one apprehensive to be unaware of the enemy lurking in the dark, leaving us exposed and vulnerable.

Ulrich: But even so, I still find your methods a little overboard.

Griffin: Quite the contrary, Frau Ulrich.

Griffin: I believe I'm not being radical enough.

Ulrich: What?

Griffin: You may find it hard to believe, but time isn't really on our side.

After a brief moment of silence, Griffin shakes his head.

Griffin: He has anticipated every move we made. If we don't pick up the pace, we will eventually find ourselves ensnared by the web that he has spun.

Griffin: Only by stirring the waters and taking him by surprise will we be able to find a way out.

Griffin: I'm not doing nearly enough.

Ulrich: ...But we must put an end to this before the centrists start to waver.

Griffin: It's do or die, or so they say.

Ulrich: ...I understand.

Ulrich: I will deal with the matter that you have entrusted to me.

Griffin: Sorry to trouble you.

Ulrich glances at her watch, signaling that their time is up.

She gets to her feet and promptly takes her leave. By all appearances, this seems to have been no more than a simple meeting.

Griffin: Wake up.

Griffin also rises and speaks to someone behind him.

A Doll opens her eyes.

???: KH2002 awaiting your orders.

Griffin: The info and supplies have been dispatched. Find them and establish contact.

???: Understood.

In a small house in Berlin.

Inside the safe house, UMP45 transfers a string of data to the members of the AR Team.

UMP45: This is what we managed to intercept before M4 took care of Morridow.

UMP45: M4 and I have both tried to take a crack at it, but so far we still can't determine whether this is the only snippet that Morridow sent out or what it actually means.

Commander: Well done.

ST AR-15: ...What did Morridow say?

Commander: She mentioned a location involved with the development and production of the Iaso's Boxes.

Commander: Also...She told me that we'd better sort everything out before Unity Day.

ST AR-15: Unity Day?

UMP45: ...A political special occasion in Germany.

UMP45: Massive celebrations take place in different cities every year. That does seem to be a great choice.

ST AR-15: ...It'll take a lot of manpower to make a move at a celebration of that scale.

ST AR-15: We can't pull it off without help.

Commander: I know. It's quite a challenge...But if we don't do anything, many people's lives will be on the line.

The Commander hesitates for a moment.

Commander: ...I know that our mission is technically over.

The Commander clears their throat and gazes at the Dolls before them.

Commander: Morridow may not remain in my custody when we re-establish contact with the Earl.

Commander: We have no reason to keep her anymore.

Commander: We're just a PMC. We cannot act without express orders.

Commander: If we're not assigned a mission, we won't even be able to avenge the fallen.

Commander: Not Squad Griffin, not Machlian, or Ange, whose status is still undetermined.

Commander: I can't just let this go.

The Commander speaks calmly, as if talking about something inconsequential.

However, their voice is still resolute and faithful despite all the setbacks, conflicts, helplessness, and even despair that they have experienced since their arrival in Berlin.

Commander: Our friends are still here. We must do something for them.

UMP45: Well said.

Commander: 45, please get in touch with the base and tell Miss Helian that we require support.

UMP45: You think she has any hands to spare?

Commander: The least we could do is ask.

Commander: We haven't been able to get in touch with the Earl yet, but we cannot possibly overlook such an important lead.

Commander: This could help close the distance between us and "him".

Commander: Besides...

The Commander pauses.

Commander: ...Ange is also currently incommunicado.

Commander: I think we might be able to give her some help, even if just a little.

RO635: Commander...

M4A1: Then let's do it.

RO635: No matter what your decision is, you'll have our full support.

UMP45: I doubt Paradeus will just let those gadgets sit where they are once they learn of Morridow's capture.

UMP45: Not to mention with her EW capability, the data string we intercepted can't be the only thing she's sent out.

ST AR-15 pats UMP45 on the shoulder and sighs.

ST AR-15: I agree to your plan, but I have one request.

ST AR-15: You must stay outside, Commander.

M4A1: Let us take Morridow. With me here, it'll be fine.

RO635: We can't put you in any more danger, Commander.

Commander: ...I will not enter the plant, but I can't stay here either.

Commander: I'll be at the entrance with Squad 404, giving you support.

At the entrance of the Paradeus plant.

Once the rampant overgrowth has been cleared from the entrance, a passage is revealed. It radiates a pungent, metallic stench.

The desolate plant seems to have been out of use for a very long time.

ST AR-15: It looks no different than the other plant we've been to.

Morridow: Are you roasting our decor style?

Morridow: That's fine. Go right ahead and give us more feedback. I'll try to get them to do a better job next time.

ST AR-15: Ha, you think you'll ever make it back?

Morridow: Who knows? What if I did?

Morridow: Maybe Robin would send me back, isn't that right?

ST AR-15 refuses to acknowledge Morridow. She jabs Morridow's back with the buttstock of her rifle.

ST AR-15: You go in the front.

Morridow: Untie me.

ST AR-15: That's not necessary. Don't play any tricks.

Morridow: Who exactly is the one playing tricks here?

ST AR-15: That's none of your business. Just find the Iaso's Boxes and hand them to us, and this will be over.

ST AR-15: If I figure something isn't right... If there's an ambush, for example, or if the boxes are not genuine...

Morridow: All the more reason for you to untie me.

Morridow: This may look like an abandoned plant, but it's full of discarded goods.

Morridow: Oh, they also keep the prototypes of the Iaso's Boxes here—you've seen them before.

Morridow: If you keep me all trussed up, I won't be able to make my way around, and I'll just end up slowing you down~

M4A1: Untie her.

Commander: She's relatively harmless now that M4 has done some work on her.

ST AR-15 removes Morridow's restraints with much reluctance.

Commander: Once you're in there, watch her like a hawk.

RO635: Don't worry, M4's here with us.

M4A1: Yeah.

Commander: Just be careful.

The AR Team slowly disappears through the door.

In the passageway inside the Paradeus base.

UMP45: This is 45. AR Team, do you copy?

RO635: Loud and clear.

UMP45: To avoid having the same problem as last time, everyone has been equipped with a GPS tracker and intercom.

UMP45: If the signal gets jammed, follow the planned route, okay?

RO635: Acknowledged.

Commander: That's all for now. UMP45 out.

After the transmission is terminated, the unrestrained Morridow suddenly comes to a halt. She places a hand on the wall and leans against it weakly. ST AR-15 presses her muzzle against Morridow's head.

ST AR-15: Get up. Don't touch anything.

Morridow: You'll be just as weak after being tortured for days.

ST AR-15: You're a Nyto. Drop the feeble human act.

Morridow: I am human to begin with. I also get hurt and feel tired...

M4 walks over and helps Morridow up.

M4A1: Keep going.

Morridow: ...So much more gentle than Nimogen, eh...

On the other end of the Paradeus plant.

A white Nyto stands still as a rock as Morridow's figure is clearly displayed on the surveillance monitor, but no one dares make a move without Gray's order.

White Nyto: They will soon come across our discarded goods.

Mrs. Gray: I hope our guests will be satisfied with this hors d'oeuvre.
Part 15

15

Deep inside the abandoned Paradeus plant.

The last Isomer collapses in front of the group, revealing three identical-looking doors behind her.

ST AR-15: Which way?

Morridow: Not a clue.

ST AR-15: ...

A bullet whizzes past Morridow's shoulder.

ST AR-15: The next one won't just graze you.

Morridow: ...There used to be only two doors here. The one on the right leads to the warehouse where the Iaso's Boxes are stored.

Morridow: Here's a gentle reminder—if I remember correctly, the doors will only open if all of them are operated at the same time.

RO635: How long will it take to get to the Iaso's Boxes from here?

Morridow: Just a little more than ten minutes.

M4 SOPMOD II: What should we do, Commander?

Commander: Time is short. M4, stay behind and guard Morridow. The rest of you each take a door. Stay vigilant and get in touch at once if something happens.

Behind the surveillance monitor, Gray's lips finally curl into a smile.

Mrs. Gray: Which route do you think we should choose, Pandora?

The white Nyto next to Gray remains silent... Such questions are obviously not meant for someone of her station.

Mrs. Gray: How capable are they compared to your former teammates?

RPK-16: Task Force DEFY is the most exceptional combat squad in the Neo-Soviet Union.

RPK-16: Speaking purely in terms of specs, any member of DEFY would have an overwhelming advantage over them.

Mrs. Gray: However?

RPK-16: However, the AR Team is special in the sense that they don't operate on common sense. M4A1 is the best example of that.

RPK-16: Even I can't explain what happened in the pharma factory. It was almost like a fairy tale... What do you think?

Mrs. Gray: Fairy tale...? How absurd.

RPK-16: Absurdity is what makes the world such a wonderful place.

Mrs. Gray: So the key lies with Nimogen...? Now that makes things more interesting.

Water drips down from the ceiling, drop after drop. The reek of mold is repulsive.

What's even more off-putting is the long wait for the unknown. Time seems to drag on. Each passing second feels like an eternity of torment.

Morridow: It's just the two of us again.

Morridow: I've missed you, you know...? What should I call you now?

M4A1: Call me what you always have.

Morridow: Nimogen? Alright, if that's what you prefer.

M4A1: ...

Morridow: Why didn't you go with them?

Morridow: I don't think anyone but you could beat us.

M4A1: The AR Team isn't made up of just any ordinary Dolls.

Morridow: Sure, there is nothing ordinary about them.

Morridow: But against Narciss, they might as well be lamb waiting to be slaughtered.

M4A1: Against me, your companions, of whom you think so highly, were not all that impressive either.

Morridow: But we still have others. We have a lot of outstanding creations.

Morridow: They aren't all the same, but anyone with 80% of Narciss' strength will prove too much for your friends to handle.

M4A1: Then I will deal with her the way I dealt with you.

M4 falls silent. She places a hand on Morridow's shoulder and pushes her down onto her knees. Then she activates her communicator.

M4A1: 15?

ST AR-15: M4? What's wrong?

M4A1: Is everything alright on your end?

ST AR-15: Yeah, nothing but regular Isomers so far. I also found something. It has a similar structure as the ones we saw in Bohnsdorf, but more complex.

The conversation is interrupted by another incoming transmission.

RO635: M4, 15, SOP-II, everybody doing okay?

ST AR-15: I'm here.

M4A1: I'm here.

RO635: I couldn't get in touch with SOP-II or the Commander...

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: M4, be careful with...Mor...Ri...Dow...

The disconnected tone beeps through the line...

A wave of unease washes over M4. She grabs Morridow by the throat.

M4A1: You should know that I can make short work of you.

Morridow: Haha... Oh, I know... I know that better than anyone else...

Morridow: Don't you understand, Nimogen?

M4A1: ...

M4 stares down at the insolent Morridow, her disquiet suddenly nowhere to be found.

M4A1: I do. I understand everything now.

M4A1: Your friends will go down the same path and meet the same end as you.

Morridow: ...!

...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Huh, looks like I've reached the end.

The path has come to an end. SOP-II turns on her night vision and starts observing her surroundings.

In the corner lie several tidy stacks of faintly glowing spheres. SOP-II realizes those are their mission objective...

"Iaso's Boxes".

M4 SOPMOD II: This is great! Commander, I found our objective!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, 15! You don't have to keep searching! I've got it!

SOP-II approaches the Iaso's Boxes and shares news of her discovery with her teammates.

Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. The comms channel is completely dead.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander? RO? 15?

M4 SOPMOD II: Why isn't anybody answering me?!

SOP-II grumbles as she walks up to the Iaso's Boxes to retrieve one of them.

She reaches out to an Iaso Box emitting a faint glow...

Banana lets out an anxious chirp behind her.

M4 SOPMOD II: What's the matter, Banana? Do you miss RO?

When SOP-II looks back, she suddenly notices that the door behind her has closed.

An instinctive sense of danger rushes through her limbs like lightning. She immediately backs away from the Iaso's Boxes, but she didn't dodge the gigantic stinger attached to a tail that shot out from behind the wall.

SOP-II blocks the attack with her left arm. The stinger, shaped like a sickle, pierces squarely through her limb and locks her in place.

M4 SOPMOD II: You bastards! Always playing dirty!

M4 SOPMOD II: Show yourself!

SOP-II lets out a grunt and tears at the stinger with her teeth.

White Nyto: Give up your pathetic struggles. Prey that has fallen into the hunter's trap will never escape.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahahahahahahaha!

The stinger is incredibly robust. SOP-II stops attempting to break it and just pulls her arm out instead.

M4 SOPMOD II: This is the first time someone has tried to hunt me...

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheheheh, go on then! Show me what you've got!

Under the Nyto's command, figures lying in ambush emerge one after the other from the shadows.

Even when faced with an airtight encirclement, SOP-II shows no fear at all, and simply laughs savagely like a wild beast.

M4 SOPMOD II: There are plenty of you, which means I get to tear out lots and lots of parts.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just have a single request—please scream as loudly as you can! The louder, the better! AHAHAHAHA!

The white figures rush towards the maniacal T-Doll like the tide as more stingers await the perfect moment to strike...

With her throat gripped in a vice, Morridow is struggling for breath, and yet she is still trying to push words through her lips.

Morridow: You're...Scared, aren't you...?

Morridow: You're worried...That your friend...Is beyond your help...

M4 gives no answer and just tightens her grip.

M4A1: The AR Team learns and grows with every fight.

M4A1: I saw this coming.

Morridow: Stop deluding yourself... It won't work...

Morridow: Can you...Perform another miracle?

Morridow: I don't think you have the strength...To pull that off...

M4A1: You'll have to try harder.

Morridow: So... confident...

Morridow: Very good... You're quite like me...

Morridow: Join us... Father...Will welcome you warmly...

M4A1: ...Oh right, why else would he send you to get me?

M4 gazes at Morridow and drawls.

Morridow's smile vanishes completely. She looks back at M4 and struggles weakly.

Morridow: ...Restore me... I can reactivate...The system...Here...

M4A1: ...There's no need for that. Just tell me where the central terminal is...

M4A1: I'll handle it myself.

Morridow: ...Ha...Ha... That's one way...Of doing it...

A sharp blade grazes SOP-II's cheek, but not by mistake.

It's a gesture of disdain—or provocation—on her opponent's part.

M4 SOPMOD II: Is that all you've got?

SOP-II is completely immobilized by the many stingers that have impaled her body, but she is still glaring at the white Nyto before her with a feral grin.

White Nyto: Your doggedness is rather awe-inspiring, but all your efforts are sadly in vain.

White Nyto: Why don't you just relax a little and take a nap like your teammate?

M4 SOPMOD II: Listen, you shrimp! If you keep babbling nonsense, I'll rip out your tongue!

White Nyto: I'll show some mercy by letting you hear your teammate's desperate howls before I end your life.

The white Nyto smiles wickedly as she places her communicator next to SOP-II's ear.

RO635: ...SOP-II?! SOP-II!

RO635: Save... Where...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! Are you alright?!

The white Nyto turns off her communicator.

White Nyto: There's nothing more heart-wrenching than the wails of a friend on the verge of dea—

M4 SOPMOD II: ROOOOOOOAAAR!!!

SOP-II tears the white Nyto's hand right off with a bite; the communicator clatters on the floor.

White Nyto: ...You rabid dog!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm going to kill you all!!!

SOP-II writhes violently and starts freeing herself from the stingers by force.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just got M4 back... All that's left is 16...

M4 SOPMOD II: I will never let you hurt my friends!!!

White Nyto: Why are you just standing there? Kill her!

Before SOP-II breaks free, the Paradeus units close in on her again...

Icy lances, icy scythes, and icy swords... The pain of being pierced by these weapons is all the same.

SOP-II howls in terrible pain and mauls the nearest Paradeus units with the one arm that she has managed to free.

M4 SOPMOD II: AAAAAARGHHHH!!!

White Nyto: Kill her! Kill her!

Rattled by SOP-II's hysterical yowls, the Paradeus units stall hesitantly and even back away for a moment.

Banana, who has been hiding behind SOP-II the whole time, smells an opportunity. It scrambles up to an elevated position and extends its signal receiver...

RO635: SOP-II!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: ROOOOOO!!!

Gritting her teeth, SOP-II rips herself free of all the stingers.

The moment she hits the ground, she picks up her weapon...

M4 SOPMOD II: Grenade!!!

The explosion at close range sends the feeble SOP-II flying.

But she never lets go of her trigger—she keeps firing, consumed by her battle rage...

By the time she comes to her senses, the entire room is littered with broken Paradeus remains.

SOP-II is slumped in the corner, her body's mobility now only at 20%. After some simple adjustments, she starts crawling towards the stack of Iaso's Boxes sitting safe and sound on the other end of the room...

RO635: SOP-II!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: What now...? You're blowing out my hearing module...

RO635: Are you okay? There was a huge commotion coming from your side...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm fine... Oh right, I found our mission objective...

RO635: Great, I'm coming over.

RO635: The signal was jammed, and M4 just fixed it. You didn't run into Paradeus, did you?

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh... I did run into a few... I took care of them...

After a long and difficult crawl, SOP-II finally reaches the Iaso's Boxes. She wraps herself around one of the spheres.

RO635: Are you hurt? Your voice sounds a bit odd.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm okay. I'll see you later...

SOP-II lifts up an Iaso's Box and rises to her feet helped by the wall.

Her legs are so badly damaged she can't walk properly anymore. Leaning against the wall, she staggers towards the exit, one unsteady step after another...

RO's familiar footsteps draw ever closer...

Morridow peers at M4, whose resolute gaze is making her waver with uncertainty.

Perhaps... This isn't the right time?

Morridow: Oh weary traveler~ Do you see the roses?

Morridow: Where there is a fence, there is a home...

Morridow suddenly closed her eyes and starts singing a light-hearted song that sounds incredibly out of place.

Morridow: You've heard this song before, haven't you...?

M4A1: ...Comms have been restored. We can regroup at the entrance.

Morridow: And then?

M4A1: Then we blow this place up, just as we blew up the pharma factory.

Morridow: Ah, an unsurprising decision.

In an inconspicuous corner, an electric door slides open silently. The white Nyto standing next to it eyes the woman who just walked through timidly.

White Nyto: W-what...?

Mrs. Gray: We're aborting. Teacher has ordered us to withdraw.

White Nyto: Then what...What do we do...?

Mrs. Gray: We're going back.

Mrs. Gray: Our tasks remain the same.

...

A bucket of cold water splashes all over the bloodstained woman.

Heavy footsteps approach the room. The Commander opens the door and sits down tiredly.

ST AR-15: How is SOP-II?

Commander: 45 ran a diagnostic. Good thing we have some replacement parts with us, but she won't be able to participate in high-intensity battles for the time being.

ST AR-15 whirls around and throws another bucket of cold water over Morridow, who is grinning weakly while lying in a puddle of blood and water.

Morridow: So this is how you repay me, Robin.

ST AR-15: You still dare use that name?! What the hell did you do back then?!

Morridow: ...I didn't do anything...

ST AR-15: I'm not buying it! What happened to our signal reception?

ST AR-15: And why did you start singing at the central terminal? Who were you controlling?

Morridow: Haha... If I could still control Paradeus...You wouldn't have left that place alive...

Morridow: Use your head... The plant has been altered beyond my recognition... How would I know what happened to your signal reception...?

Morridow: (Wheezes)

She spits out a wad of blood. It blooms like a crimson rose next to her face.

Morridow: I've given you what you want.

Morridow: Robin, I trusted you...But you didn't trust me...

Morridow: Just like when my sister gave you the medicine...

Morridow: Did you trust her?

Morridow: Oh weary traveler~ Do you see the roses?

Morridow: Where there is a fence, there is a home...

Morridow's voice has grown very hoarse, probably due to the extensive torture she has suffered. She starts singing the song she sang in the plant, faltering every now and then.

Morridow: What do you think this is, Robin? This is just a nursery rhyme...That my sister and I used to sing...Back when we were still human...

Morridow: You must've heard it before... It doesn't really mean anything. I just sang it without thinking... You weren't the only one they were trying to kill at the plant... They were going after me as well... (Coughs)

Commander: The Iaso's Boxes in this plant surpass your previous ones both in scale and capability.

Commander: Most of them are only half-complete... What exactly will the final product be?

Morridow: (Wheezes heavily) It's exactly what you see...And imagine...

Commander: An upgraded version of a small-scale biological weapon... A large-scale one?

Commander: So the disaster in Berlin was just a prelude.

Commander: What are you after?

Morridow: (Coughs) I am just a relatively high-ranking unit among an army of obedient puppets...

Morridow: You disappoint me so, Robin.

Commander: ...

Morridow resumes humming the nursery rhyme nonchalantly.

Her twisted and exaggerated smile looks extremely jarring in contrast of the innocuous melody.

ST AR-15: Enough!

Morridow's head is knocked heavily against the floor, causing her to pass out.

Her lips are still curled up in a faint smile. An uncharacteristic peacefulness can be found on this face that looks eerily identical to Machlian's.
Part 16

16

"Ring..." The phone rings.

Mia does not answer and Nele does not move either.

Four rings later, the call goes to voice message...

Unfamiliar Man: Why don't you kill yourself, you whore!

Mia rushes over to turn off the answering machine. Some heartless member of the press has leaked news about Nele, and the harassing phone calls have been coming in non-stop over the past few days.

"Ring..." The phone rings again, and Mia savagely hits the answer button.

Unfamiliar Woman: Go to hell, you've ruined everything! Because of you, the refugees don't trust the government anymore!

Mia hangs up, but just as she puts down the handset, she hears that familiar ringing again.

Unfamiliar Man: Are you a spy or something? Scram and go back home, you stupid bitch!

Mia hangs up again.

Mia: You should just disconnect the line... You need peace and quiet.

Nele: ...

Once again, the familiar ringtone plays. Mia is about to hang up reflexively, but then she sees the words "Mrs. Gray" on the caller ID.

Mia: It's Gray.

Nele's eyes snap open and she darts over to pick up the call.

Mrs. Gray: This is an emergency announcement—due to unavoidable circumstances, our workplace remains unusable. The company has decided to temporarily shut down the research center. Do not return barring special circumstances. Please direct any questions to the HR manager.

Mia: It was a group call.

Nele: ...Yeah.

Nele hangs up Gray's call and slumps weakly onto her sofa.

Mia: What's wrong?

Nele: The lab's closed...

Nele: It's all my fault. If I hadn't been so impulsive, things wouldn't have ended up this way.

Mia: But the Stasi didn't contact you again.

Nele: Huh?

Nele: That means the medicine's fine, and I'm alright too!

Mia: Yeah, if there was something wrong with the medicine, they wouldn't just shut down the lab.

Mia: But even though the medicine's fine, you still can't go back to work. That's just strange.

Nele: ...Mrs. Gray didn't reply to a single one of the messages I sent her.

Mia: Looks like she's really busy. She hasn't made an appearance for a long time.

Nele: ...Yeah, I don't know what Mrs. Gray has been through.

Nele: Used to be, Mrs. Gray would give lectures during her lunch or dinnertime, because she said she needed to pour her energy into the lab.

Nele: "A proper scientist would never just hand experiments over to the people below them. Someone who doesn't take part in the work on the frontlines doesn't deserve to have their name on the project team list."

Nele: That's what Mrs. Gray said back then... But...But after I entered the lab... I hardly ever saw her...

Mia: Maybe talk is cheap?

Mia: Perhaps she might not be able to practice what she preaches.

Nele: ...Mrs. Gray is NOT someone like that!

Nele jumps up from the sofa and screams while pointing at the thesis hanging from a wall of the room.

Nele: I chose to work at that lab precisely because Mrs. Gray isn't like the others!

Mia: I know you admire her.

Mia: But she might not be as simple and pure as you think, Nele.

Mia: Don't you think there's some truth in what that agent said?

Nele: ...Yeah.

Nele: It's true, I'm bothered by what he said, but how should I handle this...

Mia: You don't need to handle it...

Mia: It has nothing to do with you.

Nele: Says who?!

Nele: I...

There is a rapid series of knocks from the door.

Mia: Who's there?

Security Guard: Hello, I'm from estate security. This apartment block has been surrounded by refugees.

Mia: What do you mean?

Security Guard: The news this morning states that the suspect involved in the "Idunn" death was released from police custody.

Security Guard: Someone put up a banner downstairs, we don't know where they got their information from.

Security Guard: There were only a few dozen refugees at first, so we could still handle them.

Security Guard: But more and more passers-by joined in, and now some of the homeowners are taking part too.

Security Guard: This is really getting out of hand. Maybe you should consider taking shelter elsewhere?

Mia: Herr Security Guard, how do you expect us to leave when the entire building is surrounded?

Mia: How is anybody going to trust your security firm when you force the homeowners out the moment something happens?

Mia: You're facing unarmed civilians here, can't you do something about it?

Security Guard: We security guards are not law enforcement personnel and we aren't authorized to use firearms.

Security Guard: Our chief has already called the cops, and frankly speaking, given your situation you might be safer in a police station.

Mia: ...

Security Guard: One more thing, they're going door to door with pictures.

Security Guard: If you don't leave now, there's no telling what might happen.

The security guard's footsteps gradually fade away.

Mia gently pushes the door open and glances around outside.

A milling crowd has the apartment block completely surrounded. They'll probably be spotted right away no matter where they leave from.

She quickly comes back in and locks the door securely.

Mia: Nele... You're in grave danger. There are troublemakers everywhere outside. They'd spot us even if we jumped out a window.

Mia: I probably couldn't protect you by myself if we went out there.

Nele: ...

Mia sighs and dials a number.

???: Mia?

Mia: Leni, sorry to bother you at a time like this, but I've got nowhere else to turn.

Mia: Please come over ASAP... I need your help to save someone.

Leni: Alright, give me the address.

Mia sends the address over and sighs in relief before going over to Nele, who has been silent all this time.

Mia: ...Nele, pack lightly. We'll leave once Leni comes.

Nele: If we're surrounded by all those people, then leaving isn't going to be a matter of numbers. Let me think...

Mia: Yes, all we can do is try our best to give you cover.

Mia: It'll be very hard to take care of this mess unless government people show up...

Nele: That's it!

Mia: Huh?

Nele: That agent—help me contact him!

At the entrance of a certain logistics company, people occasionally go in and out through the main door. J is boredly watching Mona talk to people there.

Soon, Mona returns.

Mona: I just finished checking their transport route data.

Mona: We've managed to narrow down the possible incident area, should we go back and meet up with K?

J: Whatever you say. I'm just a tagalong lackey, after all.

Mona: ...

Mona: The people from the technical department should be able to send us a restored HD image this afternoon. We might learn something new from it.

J: I don't understand why you and K are so serious about a mission like this which is clearly meant to mess with us.

Mona: ...Agent J.

J: Still alive!

"Ding!" Mona receives an HD photo.

Mona: ...Wait a minute, this logo...!

J's eyes go wide,

That logo now has his full and undivided attention.

J: That's Galatea's logo...

This is the first time Mona has seen a serious expression on J's lackadaisical face.

J: Ha~ Now this is getting interesting.

J: Them again...

J's communicator suddenly rings. It's a number he hasn't seen before.

Nele: Hello, Agent J.

J: Nele?

Nele: Our apartment block is under siege by refugees. We have information that the police must never find out.

Nele: But I'm pretty sure you'll be interested in this info.

J: Give me the address.

Nele: Okay, I have a friend at the door. You might want to meet up with her, she's called Leni.

Nele hangs up, and then she sends her address over shortly afterwards.

J turns to leave, but finds Mona blocking him.

Mona: Agent J, I insist that we act together. I will not budge on this.

J: Hey, didn't you want to work the case? We've got a Galatea informant offering herself up to us, so why are we still wasting time here?
Part 17

17

The tiny safe house is packed full of people. Mia uses the crude facilities to make coffee for everyone.

The windows are latched and Mona is squeezed in between Nele and Leni on the two-seater bench. J, on the other hand, leans on the table like he owns the place.

J: They've got the apartment block sealed off tight. You can spend the next couple of days here.

Nele: ...I didn't think you'd be so considerate.

J: This is a Stasi safe house, it's not like I'm paying the rent for this place.

J: Oh yeah, don't stay here for more than two days, I haven't applied for permission to use this place yet.

Nele: I take back what I just said.

J: Alright, so what do you have?

Nele: Agent J, I've thought things through.

Nele: It isn't about what I have, but what you want me to do.

Nele: I'm sure a high-ranking Stasi agent wouldn't have the time to escort me home and take statements.

Nele: So what do you want to know about Galatea?

J: Huh~ Looks like I've underestimated you, Frau Nele.

Nele: I can help you find the information you want.

J: Pfft... You know, you're being so cooperative all of a sudden, I'm starting to feel suspicious.

Nele: You can trust me, because there's something I want to find out too.

J: About Idunn or your precious Mrs. Gray?

Nele: Both. I want to be your informant.

Nele: That way, you can follow through if we find something, right?

J: It's not easy being an informant, Frau Nele.

Nele: Please don't make light of my determination.

Nele: I will treat your requests the same way I treat my experiments.

J: Then we'll see how committed you really are.

J produces a picture and hands it to Mia.

Mona: We can't just go around giving out...

J: Do we have a choice, Agent Mona?!

Mona: ...

J turns to Nele and taps the picture with his fingertip.

J: Go to the Galatea database and get me the transport details on this truck. That shouldn't be a problem for you, right?

Nele: Not at all.

J: Start with that, then. My colleague here is getting very impatient.

Mona: ...I'm not.

J: If there's nothing else, we'll keep in touch. Right now, time is of the essence

Nele: ...Goodbye, then.

J and Mona take their leave, and the room finally falls silent. Nele stares intently at the closed door, feeling very tired.

Mia: That isn't the only task the agent has given us.

Nele: Huh?

Mia turns the picture over and find several words hastily scrawled on the back—

Deal Two - 920, Neu-Tempelhof, mansion, who?

...

The pub street is usually bustling with activity at night, but right now it seems particularly deserted.

A woman is holding a cigarette between her fingers, her eyes filled with impatience.

Beepbeepbeep—the 109th attempt to make contact has failed as well.

???: ...Is she dead? (Sighs) Would it kill her to make it more obvious if she is? It's really hard for an underling to come back halfway and take a job over.

???: Subordinates like me who are this concerned about their bosses aren't exactly common, you know.

???: Sometimes I wonder if anyone's actually working in HQ, the way all these problems spring up whenever they do anything.

While the woman is griping beneath her breath, a suspicious-looking man approaches her from behind.

Furtive Man: Yo~ Are you waiting for someone, darling?

Furtive Man: Need a light?

The woman smiles and shuts off her communicator. She extends the unlit cigarette she is holding to the man who's chatting her up.

The man lights her cigarette for her obligingly.

Furtive Man: And here I thought the beautiful ladies in these parts all came out at night—

Furtive Man: I knew you were different from the rest the moment I laid eyes on you, my dear.

???: Pfft... You've got a good eye, then~

The elegant lady purses her lips and exhales a mouthful of blinding smoke into the man's face.

Furtive Man: The bars aren't open in the day, want to head over to my place? I've got a lot of good drinks—

A male voice suddenly cuts in.

???: No need for that. She's with me.

Furtive Man: And who the hell do you think you...

Furtive Man: Aaaahhhhh—!

The furtive man is shoved against the nearby wall with his arm twisted against his back.

???: Get lost.

The furtive man is so frightened that he immediately flees the area. The woman throws the cigarette to the ground and stomps on it a few times.

???: Sorry to keep you waiting. I've arranged the route.

???: Aren't you going to do something to make up for keeping a lovely lady waiting?

???: Did you bring your things?

???: Of course!

She gestures to the suitcase by her feet.

???: I'm sure you'll want this information.

???: (Sighs) Are all German men as obsessed with politics as you are?

???: I thought we were going to discuss our upcoming deal.

???: The way you go by the book for everything makes it really fun to play with you.

???: ...Don't mess around.

The woman puts her arm on the man's shoulder. They look just like a pair of passionate lovers.

???: It seems I'm homeless now, whatever shall I do?

???: You can stay at my place if you don't mind.

???: And if I do mind?

???: ...

The man says no more. Instead, he takes the suitcase from the woman's hands.

...

The coffee machine comes to life after the button is pressed, dispensing a black double espresso into a white porcelain cup. Hardly anyone is left in the Stasi agent offices. After all, the people here spend more of their time on field work than hunched over a desk writing reports.

J: I caught a big one! Remind me not to mess with those guys in Traffic~

K: Well done! The old Kevin I knew is back.

J: Rather than fish for tadpoles in the sea, we've got information on several transport routes now.

K: Good, drinks are on me tonight!

K: We'll go check the terrain near those routes later. There's no way things can just disappear into thin air.

J: Oh yeah, have I sent you this license plate number yet?

K: Nope, let's turn on the PC and sort it out.

J: Right.

The power switch is on, the power button on the CPU chassis is pressed, and within 10 seconds the computer has finished booting up and is now displaying the desktop—a sign that the computer is in very good condition.

Just then, J's facial expression undergoes a dramatic shift—

J: Schwaben! Who messed with my PC?!

K: Relax, all these computers have restricted access.

K: What about the physical evidence?

After a brief but intense search...

J: ...It's all gone. Even that picture!

A door opens with a "bang", followed by the crisp sound of footsteps. Someone has entered the office.

The first to enter is Romy, who has a thick stack of data in her hand. Mona follows closely behind her. Both of them have grave looks on their faces.

Romy: Did you look into the Galatea logistics data?

K: ...Yes. There was a connection to the case, so—

Romy: That was not the direction you should have taken.

K: ...It is very difficult for us to perform follow-up investigations when the clues are not sufficiently clear.

Romy: It's a matter of standards.

K: ...I apologize.

Romy: If this was a simple job, I wouldn't need to hand it to you.

Romy: What you need to do is finding out where that shipment went.

Romy slams the data she's holding onto the table.

Romy: How many times do I have to tell you?!

Romy: The truck, the truck! I want the truck and what's in it!

K: ...Yes.

Romy: And you can't even maintain basic opsec. Looks like it's time for the Stasi to start hiring again.

J: You—

Romy shoots him a glance, then hands down her orders.

Romy: Your mission is over.

Romy: The follow-up work will be suspended for now!

...

Everyone is resting peacefully when the phone suddenly rings. The call goes straight to voicemail without waiting for anyone to pick up.

J: Ahem... Hello? Is this recording?

J: Sorry, Commander, but I need to bother you about something again.

J: So our vase of a boss gave us a mission recently. The details are confidential, but it's essentially looking for a missing cargo truck.

J: Guess what? That truck belonged to Galatea. Just as things were getting a little interesting, Frau Vase snapped at us for literally no reason and terminated the mission.

J: Weird, right? I thought it was weird too... It's just like when Light died.

J: The supervisor back then didn't know anything either—this was confidential, that was confidential... I'm starting to wonder if I'm an agent or a janitor.

J: I digress again... In any case, I'm sure you get the idea—this job is a fishy one.

J: I'm starting to have my suspicions about the "cargo" in the truck.

J: For all I know, this might end up being linked to my colleague and Ange.

J: You're the only one I can count on, Commander. I'll be waiting to hear from you— J.

...
Part 18

18

The night view outside the French windows is dazzling. The glow of a cigarette lighting up twinkled like a beautiful firefly blinking in and out of sight.

???: (Exhales)

The woman's eyes fall on a large poster advertising the Galatea Corporation.

She takes out her communicator...

???: (Exhales) Esteemed tsundere of Galatea—Mrs. Gray, how have you been?

Mrs. Gray: You actually got in touch with me.

Mrs. Gray: How very unusual, Bramedb.

Bramedb: The route is compromised.

Mrs. Gray: ...I see.

Mrs. Gray: Aren't you taking a bit too long?

Bramedb: (Exhales) Am I?

Bramedb: We're working non-stop 24/7 over here. Unlike you, we don't have the luxury of enjoying the AC in an office.

Mrs. Gray: If I'm not mistaken, you're the one who's asking for help here.

Bramedb: Should I put your portrait on a shrine and pray to it before every meal then?

Bramedb: Humph, I'd never stoop to calling you if I could reach the boss.

Mrs. Gray: We should be the only ones with access to this route, so who on earth—

The sound of footsteps comes from behind. The woman named Bramedb turns around quickly and cracks an alluring smile.

She hides the communicator behind her back and presses the off button surreptitiously.

???: The goat cheese that you asked for.

Bramedb: (Exhales) Thanks, you're such a dear~

...

Beepbeepbeep...

The call has been terminated.

Mrs. Gray: ...

???: You know what Bramadb is like.

Gray's brow furrows. This isn't the only thing troubling her at the moment.

Mrs. Gray: ...You're right, she won't get to be cocky for long.

Mrs. Gray: I'll have to trouble you with sorting out the route.

???: Don't worry and leave it to me.

A bionic robot dog comes to halt in front of a small house and refuses to move any further.

Khaybar: Looks like this is the place. They're pretty cautious.

Khaybar: Hm... But nobody's home...

Khaybar: Bailey, let's get to work!

Bailey: Woof!

By an Autobahn in Berlin, Germany.

An Autobahn snakes around a mountain like a scarf, with vehicles whizzing by every so often.

One must raise their voice by several decibels in order to be heard over the noise.

Commander: Begin the investigation. Leave no stone unturned.

Upon receiving the order, the AR Team spread out and slowly starts searching the area.

UMP45: I've taken a look at the surveillance cameras nearby. Whoever sabotaged the system...Is an EW expert.

Commander: The truck couldn't have just vanished into thin air...

Commander: It's not exactly easy to build any mechanisms on a highway without attracting attention.

UMP45: Hm... There's no sign of emergency braking on the surface of the road, and the Traffic Department has no record of any tailgating or traffic accidents either.

UMP45: I've inspected the Autobahn closely—I don't see any unnatural joints on the road, so there shouldn't be any major mechanisms.

Commander: ...What if it's underground?

UMP45: There's no evidence that any recent road work has been carried out along the Autobahn in this area.

Commander: ...Looks like the road itself is fine.

Commander: Alright, keep a close eye on Morridow and guard the search perimeter.

UMP45: Understood.

...

Half an hour later, all the Dolls return to the Commander one after the other.

RO635: We have completed our examination in the area. After eliminating traces left by small and mid-sized vehicles, we discovered a problem when comparing the tyre tracks and the small debris on the road—the radioactivity levels of the debris are significantly lower beyond the beltway 0.5km ahead.

Commander: Something disappeared after passing that beltway... Possibly the truck.

RO635: Yes. The truck could also be carrying contaminated goods, or at the very least, the packaging could no longer keep the radioactive particles contained.

ST AR-15: This piece of broken strap is the last thing we found that contains a high concentration of radioactivity.

ST AR-15 holds out a black object of almost unidentifiable texture. SOP-II lets out a cry of surprise.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? I think I've seen this thing before!

ST AR-15: What? How could you have? This isn't just any ordinary strap. It's almost as strong as metal and probably military-grade. It's certainly not available to the public.

Commander: This thing was probably on the truck. A truck that two senior Stasi agents have been tasked to find must be transporting no ordinary cargo. If it's from the Military, it'll all make sense.

M4 SOPMOD II: I've really seen it!!! At that place, you know...Where Morridow took us to. I saw many rolls of this kind of strap in there.

M4 SOPMOD II: If I'd known this was so valuable, I'd have taken two rolls with me!

ST AR-15: ...You found many rolls of this in the plant where you secured the Iaso's Box?

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah!

The dots seem to be getting connected.

The truck... Galatea... Paradeus... The Military...

Commander: The truck was transporting Iaso's Boxes.

ST AR-15: What?!!! So the truck was related to Galatea?

Just then, the communicator suddenly comes to life—it's M4, who is still in the middle of her own investigation.

M4A1: Commander!

M4A1: I followed the tracks and found an exit from the Autobahn over here.

Commander: There shouldn't be any junctions here.

M4A1: It looks like two straight roads plus a beltway on the surface.

M4A1: But there's actually a very well-hidden mine entrance next to one of the straight roads directly underneath the beltway.

M4A1: One can drive straight into it with sufficient skills.

M4A1: The junction is obscured by grass and rocks—perfect and natural camouflage.

Commander: We're heading over right away.

M4A1: Commander!

M4A1: Enemies approaching!
Part 19

19

By an Autobahn in Berlin, Germany.

???: ...

A tall and slender figure is standing on the other side of the highway.

Her cold eyes are unlike those of anyone the Dolls have fought before. She gazes at her targets as though they were already corpses.

The Dolls can clearly tell just by this brief standoff that she is totally different from the regular white Nytos.

Commander: ... Can we gauge their numbers and combat style?

UMP45: There is only one unknown Nyto. Judging by the way she moves, she's probably the frontal assault type.

Commander: 45, get word to J. Let him know we've got the clues and their M.O figured out.

Commander: AR Team, we're making our way back to our vehicle. We're not here for a fight.

RO635: Rog—!

Shingggg...

The Nyto brandishes her sabre, and the blade produces a chilling hum. In just an instant, the sharp edge is already glinting coldly under RO635's eyes.

RO635: Tsk!

Commander: RO?! What's happening?!

RO635: —She's here! 15, get SOP-II and go! I'll hold her off!

ST AR-15: I can't!

ST AR-15: ...She's here with me!

RO635: What?!

Shingggg...

The white shadow moves like a phantom. Even though she's so close, no one can catch a proper glimpse of her appearance.

The blade slices through the air with a piercing sound.

ST AR-15: Dammit!

With a flash, a deep crevice opened up at RO635's original position.

A Tactical's Doll's body is about as fragile as a piece of paper under that blade.

ST AR-15: Protect the Commander!

M4 SOPMOD II: 15!

SOP-II pulls her trigger immediately and starts strafing at the elusive target.

ST AR-15: Stop! Your body is in no state to fight this kind of battle!

M4 SOPMOD II: But I can't just stand here and watch you die! We just got M4 back!

ST AR-15: Who's going to die?!

ST AR-15 grits her teeth...

She will have to slow down. That shadow can't keep up this speed forever.

Focus... Focus...

ST AR-15: Now!

Bang bang!

Seizing this fleeting opportunity, ST AR-15 fires off a few consecutive shots, hitting the white blade accurately.

???: ...

The blade is knocked off-course by a few centimeters. The figure pauses for a fraction of a second in surprise.

Just then, a shout comes from behind...

RO635: Gangway!

With a mighty throw, RO635 launches a lit tube of dynamite forward. ST AR-15 dives straight for the ground.

M4 SOPMOD II: Argh!!

The blade pierces through the smoke of the explosion.

SOP-II lets out a cry, but RO635 doesn't even have the time to look back.

ST AR-15: At least M4 and the Commander can—

Commander: ...

The Commander stares at the glint flashing amidst the smoke.

Bangbangbang! ST AR-15's shots only manage to slow down the flitting shadow, but she soon disappears again.

The next second...

The mysterious Nyto comes to a stop for the first time and finally reveals her ruthless features.

Right in front of the Commander.

Grig: ...

ST AR-15: Commander, watch out!!!

However, much to everyone's surprise, she tightens her grip on her sword, leaps over the Commander, and rushes straight toward the truck in the back.

Shingggg! With another flash of the blade, the entire truck is sliced cleanly into two!

Morridow: (Coughs) ...Grig?

Thrown out by the massive impact, Morridow rolls a few times after hitting the ground. Then she can finally make out the approaching Nyto.

Grig: ...Sister.

The blade hovers above Morridow's head. The white Nyto gazes coldly down at Morridow, ignoring the T-Dolls catching up from behind.

Grig: Those who fail have outlived their purpose.

Grig: You taught me that.

Dirt and smoke are still billowing in the air after the explosion...

Morridow: ...You're going to kill me?

Morridow gapes at Grig—she came straight for her, skipping over the most important target.

Nobody saw this coming.

Morridow: Hold on... D-do you have any idea what you're doing?

Grig: ...Goodbye, Morridow.

Grig lifts her sabre high up in the air. The sharp edge is about to slice Morridow's body open...

M4A1: STOP!

Grig: ...?!

But just before it makes contact, a massive force rushes towards Grig.

A force so powerful it defies comprehension. Grig makes a split-second decision.

Whoosh!

Morridow: What...

The lethal strike never comes. The agile figure darts back several meters apprehensively.

M4A1: (Pants)

Morridow stares at M4 in a daze.

M4 is panting heavily and looks visibly strained.

Commander: Don't let her get what she's after!

ST AR-15 and RO635 each throw a grenade at Grig promptly.

Grig: ...Tsk!

Bang!

Bang!

Smoke grenades erupt both in the air and on the ground. RO635 and ST AR-15 freeze in surprise.

Boom!

The grenades they lobbed only explode in the next second.

???: Please come with me!

Commander: What?!

An unfamiliar voice shouts, then more smoke grenades rain down in front of Grig.

Ten explode at the same time... The scent is almost strong enough to induce paralysis.

Twenty more explode simultaneously again... Even Grig is forced to slow down and stay vigilant against possible attacks from her enemies.

Grig: ...

When the smoke finally clears, nobody is there anymore.

After speeding for a good while, the group exits the vehicle, their legs still weak and jittery.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Coughs)

Commander: ...Thanks.

Commander: If it hadn't been for your smoke grenade bonanza and ride, we would've all died there.

Khaybar: Oh, don't mention it.

Khaybar: Nice to meet you, Commander! I'm Khaybar, sent by the Earl to aid you. I wasn't late, was I?

Commander: Your arrival was most timely.

Khaybar: Good to hear~

M4A1: (Coughs)

Standing a small distance away from the group, M4 coughs softly to avoid bringing attention to herself.

Morridow: ...

Morridow glares at the weakened M4, her eyes filled with disbelief and hate.

Morridow: ...Why did you save me, Nimogen?

She questions M4 under her breath, also making sure the Dolls don't hear her.

M4A1: ...

M4 takes two deep breaths to slow her breathing. She peers at Morridow and just shakes her head.

M4A1: Is helping others really such an unfathomable concept to you?

Morridow: ...

Grig steps in lightly, her blade retracted back into her body.

Gray offers her a glass of red wine.

Mrs. Gray: How did it go?

Grig: ...The cargo has been taken care of, but I lost the target.

Mrs. Gray: ...Thanks for the hard work.

Grig shakes her head. She opens her mouth as if to speak, but hesitates.

Mrs. Gray: What is it? There's no need for secrets between us.

Grig: Actually...I almost managed to kill her.

Mrs. Gray: ...What?

Gray's eyes widen slightly, her usual calmness threatening to crumble.

Mrs. Gray: ...Who gave you permission to take Teacher's life?

Grig: I believe...You will make a better leader for Paradeus.

Grig: There is no real need for her to return.

Grig: I like you better when she is not around.

Mrs. Gray: ...You!

Gray lets her anger show for the first time in front of Grig.

Mrs. Gray: Morridow is the most exceptional individual out of all of us... I thought you understood that.

Grig: I...

Mrs. Gray: That's enough.

Mrs. Gray: ...Don't do it again, or I'll execute you myself.

Grig: ...

Grig lowers her eyes and murmurs.

Grig: ...Understood.
Part 20

    20chevron_right

In the Berlin safe house.

The moon is exceptionally bright tonight. An unexpected battle has finally come to an end.

However, a new signal fire has just been lit.

Griffin: Commander, very nice to see you.

Commander: Likewise, Earl.

Griffin: It hasn't been all that long since we last talked.

Griffin: But by God am I glad to hear your voice again.

Commander: I'm very sorry, Earl.

Commander: I screwed it up. Even Squad Griffin was...

Griffin: You need not apologize for anything.

Griffin: On the contrary, I feel incredibly fortunate that I have chosen you for this.

Griffin: If it had been anyone else, things would have become utterly hopeless by now... Report your situation.

Commander: We have successfully recovered Morridow and done some work to render her harmless.

Commander: Information concerning Operation Cocoon has been sent to you.

Commander: Also...According to an unverifiable source, they are planning to launch the attack on Unity Day.

Griffin: ...I see. I'll keep that in mind.

Griffin: I can only imagine the terrible ordeal you have gone through.

Griffin: In any case, thank you very much for your work, Commander.

Griffin: The brave new world will remember your contribution.

Commander: Just doing my duty.

Commander: ...However, even though it has been a ride, it has to come to an end.

Griffin: Do you believe this is where it ends?

Griffin: Is that what you want?

Commander: We do not have sufficient intelligence, and we are in unfamiliar territory.

Commander: More importantly, our Dolls have suffered heavy casualties and ammo reserves are running low. We are in dire need of supplies...

Commander: What I want is irrelevant.

Commander: Logically speaking, there is no way I can continue.

Griffin: It already brings me great comfort to learn that you are safe. On top of that, you have delivered such brilliant results.

Griffin: By all accounts, this is a resounding victory, and yet you seem dissatisfied.

Commander: ...I should have done better.

Griffin: In this day and age, blood and tears are shed all too often.

Griffin: Sometimes, people become desensitized because they have seen too much.

Griffin: This is more tragic even than the sad reality that we live in... But you're different, Commander. Your blood still runs hot.

Commander: ...

Griffin: You don't want this to be over, do you?

Griffin: We may fail and suffer, but at the very least, we now have the initiative.

Griffin: If you give up today, and whoever replaces you ends up bringing even bleaker news... "If it had been me, I would not have let things come to this."

Griffin: Are you sure you won't harbor such regret?

Commander: ...

The Commander lets out a long and heavy sigh.

Commander: ...I require support. The more the better.

Morridow: ...

The sound of a door being pushed open breaks the silence in the room.

Morridow looks up with a smile, obviously expecting her visitor.

Morridow: I knew you would come and see me, Nimogen.

M4A1: ...I just want to help you take a good look at your own Virtual Cognition Image.

After closing the door lightly behind her, M4 slowly walks up to Morridow and towers over her as she has always done.

Looking up at M4 now, Morridow seems a lot more subdued than she usually is.

Morridow: Why did you save me, Nimogen? You don't even have the strength to do that again.

Morridow: If... I'm just saying... If they change their target next time, it'll be all over for you.

M4A1: I don't want there to be a next time.

Morridow: Then why?

M4A1: ...

M4 bends down and leans in close.

M4A1: Didn't I tell you? I simply want to save you.

Morridow: ...What a joke. If you want to save me, why don't you just release me?

M4A1: I will.

Morridow: ...What?

M4A1: I said I will.

M4A1: But not now. Right now, I'd like to see the real you.

Morridow: ...

Morridow blinks. Her mouth opens and closes in confusion. She eventually decides against saying anything.

The man in the comms channel falls silent for a moment.

Griffin: No problem, if support is all you need.

Griffin: I can give you that. I will contact the base. A vehicle of sufficient size should be able to transport your forces to you.

Commander: ...I didn't expect you'd go that far, to be honest.

Griffin: My opinion has not changed. Out of all the youngsters...

Griffin: You're the most trustworthy. Kryuger believes that, and so do I.

Commander: I will not betray your trust.

Commander: Though frankly speaking, your generous praise is a little disconcerting.

Griffin: True enough, you have much still to learn, and you are hardly perfect.

Griffin: But humans can never be perfect. Besides, you're still young and have plenty of time to learn through hardship.

Griffin: ...However, with hardship comes suffering.

Griffin: You must learn to accept the many trials and tribulations you will encounter on this path you walk.

Griffin: For you, your most important lesson is to learn to accept losses.

Commander: ...I can accept losses, and I respect everyone who has given their life, but that doesn't mean I can be glad for their sacrifices.

Commander: I will not pass up any chance of saving my friends, even if they are Dolls.

Griffin: I sense a subtext, Commander.

Commander: We've lost contact with Ange.

Griffin: ...It's true, she is currently MIA.

Commander: May I take over the mission to search for her?

Griffin: This isn't a mission for you.

Griffin: Too many personal feelings are involved, Commander.

Commander: ...You have convinced me to stay in Berlin.

Commander: Since I have already made up my mind, I would like to earn my keep.

Griffin: I obviously won't keep a ferocious tiger caged up.

Griffin: However, I have a more important task for you.

Commander: ...

Griffin: You're the only one who can put a stop to this impending fireworks show.

Commander: But Ange...

Griffin: You have inadvertently drawn Paradeus' attention to yourself while investigating the Iaso's Boxes.

Griffin: Thanks to that, Ange's rescue mission will be much easier. I want you to trust me—I will never let a warrior wither away like this.

Commander: ...I understand.

Leave it to me.

...

M4A1: ...Your "Father" keeps turning living humans into beings that are neither alive nor dead, all for the sake of finding semi-immunosomes that can resist Collapse radiation.

M4A1: ...Unfortunately, it has all been in vain.

Morridow: ...This is Paradeus' mission, Nimogen.

Morridow: We are blazing a trail to a new era... As our name suggests...

Morridow: We are leading ignorant humans to the real promised land.

M4A1: Aren't you deluding yourself?

Morridow: Shut up.

Morridow's self-assuredness sudden vanishes completely. Her face darkens.

M4A1: You reject yourself and your past.

M4A1: But they are forever a part of your base layer. Memory is irrefutable evidence.

M4A1: You are all failed specimens. You are but a mere shadow of her. Even if you put an end to it all yourself, there is no changing the truth.

Morridow: Her... You mean...Lunasia?

Morridow shakes her head vigorously, as if to shake off this terrible thought.

Morridow: Impossible... You're lying.

Morridow: I'm a perfect being!

M4A1: Really?

M4 gives Morridow a pitying look.

M4A1: ...You are well aware of the truth.

Intimidated by M4, whose presence grows increasingly oppressive, Morridow backs away in fright and bumps into something.

She turns around and finds herself staring at a mirror.

Reflected in the mirror is a corpse. The corpse writhing in the mud.

Morridow: No... No... No!!!

As Morridow lets out a horrified scream; the corpse's mouth is also agape.

Morridow: I'm not a failure... I'm not! I'm not!

Morridow: This can't be... It can't be! If I'm a failure, what are you?!!

After ending the call with the Earl, the Commander drums their fingers on the desk thoughtfully.

Commander: ...With the Earl's aid...

Commander: We will stand a much better chance.

RO635: I hope Miss Ange will be okay...

Commander: As long as we do our part, she'll be fine.

Commander: This is Ange we're talking about. Have some faith in her.

RO635: Right.

Commander: Then... Hm?

The Commander swivels their chair around and scans the room.

Commander: Where's M4?

Khaybar: ...Hm? Huh? You're right, where has Miss M4 gone?

UMP9: She sneaked off again... Uh, to be honest...

UMP9: I think M4 came back a changed Doll.

RO635: Changed?

UMP9: Don't you think so?

UMP9: ...Hm, how should I put it? She gives off a completely different vibe.

RO635: ...Well, she does seem a little different.

RO635: But we can't begin to fathom what M4 has gone through, so it's only natural that she's changed.

UMP9: Is that so? I guess you have a point.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 listens to the conversation in silence, then she heads toward the door.

ST AR-15: I'll go and find her.

Commander: Okay... Bring her up to speed while you're at it.

ST AR-15: Sure.

...

Thud.

ST AR-15: !

ST AR-15 opens the door to the interrogation room and runs right into M4, who is just coming out.

ST AR-15: What were you doing in the interrogation room?

M4A1: I had something to discuss with Morridow alone.

ST AR-15: ...Alright, then let me take over. You need rest.

M4A1: Sure.

M4 walks out of the door and turns back to look at ST AR-15 uncertainly.

M4A1: AR-15.

ST AR-15: What?

M4A1: Do you think I'm M4A1?

ST AR-15: ...What do you mean? Of course you are.

M4A1: As in...Do you think I'm actually M4A1 herself?

M4A1: I have been through things that changed me.

M4A1: At this point, do you think I'm still the M4A1 that you know?

ST AR-15: ...As long as your nature remains unchanged, you will always be M4A1.

ST AR-15: The M4 I know may sometimes feel lost and indecisive, but she also keeps growing and changing.

ST AR-15: Above all, she has an unwavering sense of goodness and decency, which is why I do believe with absolute certainty—you are M4A1.

M4A1: ...

M4 closes her eyes and nods. She smiles at ST AR-15.

M4A1: Right. Thank you.

...

Near the border of the Neo-Soviet Union.

(Rumble)

A military jeep sweeps up a trail of sand and dirt as it travels alone through the vast and empty land.

It is driving towards its destination—a certain military base where fully armed soldiers are standing in line outside with a stern looking officer in the lead.

Military Officer: ...

The heavy jeep comes to a stop about five meters away from the officer.

Clack.

The car door opens. A pair of black boots stride out from within and tread on a thin layer of snow.

Military Officer: Salute!

At the officer's command, all the soldiers behind him salute the visitor in unison.

Carter: ...There's no need of that, comrades.

Carter: I have been relieved of all duties and am simply a civilian of our great motherland.

Military Officer: This is no joking matter.

Military Officer: There is no way we will accept this decision.

Carter says nothing to that. He just stands quietly on the spot.

Carter: Then what would you have me do?

Military Officer: We refuse to put our faith in a government that has betrayed us.

Military Officer: Even if we keep our mouths shut, there's no telling when the oligarchs' retaliation will befall us.

Military Officer: We need a real leader who can lead us to victory.

The officer gazes at Carter fervently and gives him a deep bow.

Military Officer: Please assume command!

Carter: ...

Military Officer: This is the will of all our comrades here in the Frontier Special Region 1718.

Carter looks at the soldiers and finally unclenches the fist hidden behind his back.

Behind him, his subordinate also exits the vehicle and hands him a document.

Carter: For the Motherland.

Military Officer: For the Motherland!

Soldier: For the Motherland!

As the soldiers chant their slogan with fervor, Carter silently opens the filing folder.

...Just you wait.

...The spark won't go out so easily.

Berlin City.

Inside a parking lot at a certain high-class apartment complex.

After ensuring that it has not been followed, a black car slowly pulls into a parking space.

???: ...

Bramedb: Are you in a hurry to leave?

???: ...I would very much like to keep you company for a while longer.

???: But the cargo has arrived at the warehouse and I must arrange for people to deliver it.

Bramedb: I am very happy to see someone as devoted to their work as you.

Bramedb: But there is one thing I must remind you about.

???: What is it?

Bramedb: Someone was investigating the Autobahn.

Bramedb: Whoever they are, you ought to be feeling a little anxious now.

???: ...There's no need to worry.

???: My people are very experienced and there is only one more stop left.

Bramedb: As long as you're confident.

Bramedb gently wraps her arms around his neck and blows lightly into his ear.

Bramedb: Let's leave this place together once this is over, okay?

Bramedb: I've always wanted to go to Norway. I heard that there are many uncontaminated primary Green Zones there.

Looking at Bramedb's face, the man's stiff attitude naturally softens as well.

???: Of course. I'm looking forward to it too.

Bramedb: Once you send it to the airport, everything will be over.

???: ...That moment cannot come soon enough.

Bramedb: It's up to you now... Darling.

???: ...

Bramedb laughs, then watches the man get off the vehicle.

She leans out of the driver's seat to wave him goodbye, and then closes the door.

Vroom... As the engine roars into life once more, the black car races off.

After ensuring the vehicle is out of sight, the man quickly turns around and enters the apartment block behind him. At the same time, he activates his listening device.

???: What a sly woman...

The affection from just half a minute ago fades away like it was nothing but an act, and the man steps into the elevator, his face grim.

After about 20 seconds of static, he finally hears that familiar voice again.

Bramedb: Ahem, signal check... Father, can you hear me?

Bramedb: This is your beloved Bramedb, I'm making a mission report.

Father?

The man raises an eyebrow. Unfortunately, the bug cannot pick up the voice of the other party.

Bramedb: The "cargo" has been collected on schedule, and the "mule" is in position. I assure you, there will be no mishaps.

Bramedb: Please be at ease... I will always be the child whom you can count on the most.

???: So I'm a "mule", then?

???: ...Du Miststück.

Bramedb: Hmm... And now...

Just then, a burst of static comes through the listening device.

For a moment, the man thinks his eavesdropping has been discovered.

Bramedb: Get on.

Male Voice: You've kept me waiting for so long.

Bramedb: I had my own business. Don't be jealous, darling.

???: ...

Though he wants to learn more, the voices on the other end have stopped talking.

Soon, he starts hearing other, different sounds.

???: ...What a whore.

The man snorts, and then sits down on the bed before turning off the bug.

???: ...Now what on earth are you up to?

...

Sitting in the car, Bramedb peers at the listening device in her hand.

Bramedb: ...Oh, I don't mind this, as long as the mission can be completed.

Bramedb: Don't disappoint me... Darling~
Part 2: -48-3-2.txt

2

...

In the Berlin safe house.

Morridow: Ugh... Hm?

Morridow wakes up from her delirium, only to find the Commander sitting there with a stony expression.

Morridow: ...What is it? You all look positively murderous.

Commander: There's something I need to ask you.

Morridow looks at the Commander with narrowed eyes. Her gaze drifts from captor to captor and finally rests on M4.

Morridow: Of course. No problem at all. Let me guess...

Morridow: You want to know the cargo's whereabouts, am I right?

Morridow beats the Commander to voicing their question.

Commander: You read my mind.

Morridow: It's practically a fait accompli.

Morridow: Robin, I can sense your restlessness.

Commander: I am indeed very restless...

Commander: So this is not the best time to try my patience.

ST AR-15: You'd better cooperate, or else—

Morridow: Sure.

ST AR-15: What?

Morridow: I said I'd cooperate.

Morridow is amused by everyone's surprise. Even the Commander did not expect her to be so compliant.

Morridow: Nimogen saved my life, so I'll return the favor once.

Morridow: Then we'll be even, alright?

M4A1: ...

M4 remains silent and makes no response.

ST AR-15: I refuse to believe you have the decency to do that.

Morridow: Hey, if I don't say anything, you guys beat the living crap out of me. Now that I'm actually spilling, you doubt me.

Morridow: So should I tell you or not?

ST AR-15: ...Don't get cheeky.

The Commander gazes at Morridow in silent deliberation.

Commander: No strings attached?

Morridow: None whatsoever. I told you, I'm returning a favor.

Morridow: If you really want to know, I'm actually hoping you'd teach that Nyto who tried to kill me a good lesson.

UMP45: That would be my pleasure.

Morridow: I've decided to trust you.

Morridow: Just as you can decide to trust me.

ST AR-15: Tsk.

Morridow: So what will it be, Robin?

Commander: ...

The Commander stares at Morridow's face unblinkingly.

Morridow studies their expression and slowly breaks into a smile.

Morridow: I know you're a clever one.

...
Part 3: -48-3-4.txt

3

...

On the outskirts of Berlin.

Outside a plant, the AR Team eliminates the last of the Paradeus troops.

M4 SOPMOD II: All clear!

ST AR-15: Destination confirmed to be deserted.

Commander: ...

Morridow: Lighten up. You're another step closer to success.

ST AR-15: Shut your trap.

Morridow: Is it your turn to play the bad cop now?

Morridow: Where has your short team leader gone?

UMP9: 45 has other stuff to do, not that it's any of your business!

Morridow: You're right. It's fine as long as I have Robin by my side.

Khaybar: Commander, everything is a-okay in here! You may come in!

Commander: Let's go.

The Commander gathers everyone and enters the warehouse immediately.

RO635: Commander...

The AR Team gets into position around the entrance. RO turns and looks at the Commander in bemusement.

Commander: ...It's empty?

At the sight of the completely empty plant, the Commander inhales sharply.

Everyone's gaze is focused instantly on Morridow.

Commander: ...Morridow, there's no point in messing with me like this.

Morridow: This has nothing to do with me.

Morridow: I told you everything I know, but my information may not be the most up-to-date.

M4A1: Looks like your "Father" doesn't trust you all that much.

M4A1: At the very least, he knows exactly where you stand when it comes to loyalty.

Morridow: ...

Khaybar: You deliberately lured us here to capture us all in one go while you make your escape?

Morridow: Not everyone is that stupid, you know~?

Morridow: The forces stationed here are certainly no match for you, and Nimogen is watching me like a hawk so there's no way I can get away, isn't that right?

M4A1: They could've cleared out the plant before we got here due to an intel leak.

Morridow: No, that can't be it! It's pure coincidence!

Morridow: Look, I've been your prisoner for a while, it's only natural that I'm out of the loop.

Commander: ...Keep searching.

The AR Team nod in acknowledgement and spread out to search for clues.

The Commander slowly enters the plant, in which fixtures that couldn't be removed have been violently destroyed.

Commander: ... Can we get this equipment working again?

RO635: That won't be possible considering the extent of the damage, but we can take a look at the hard drives and see if there's any data left...

M4A1: Bring them all here. I can scan them.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4 is sounding more and more like Dandelion.

M4A1: ...Am I?

Morridow: ...

Morridow peers at M4 with a meaningful smile.

Commander: ...Gather all the hard drives from their equipment, no matter how damaged they are.

RO635: Roger!

ST AR-15: Commander!

Commander: What is it?

Commander looks in the direction of ST AR-15's voice.

A large amount of empty crates are stacked in a corner of the plant. They seem to have been left there after their contents have been moved elsewhere.

ST AR-15: ...Take a look at this.

Commander: ...

...

Click.

The call connects.

J: What have you found?

Commander: I'll skip right to the conclusion.

Commander: The good news is...We've found the warehouse where the cargo was stored.

Commander: The bad news is...We're just a bit too late—it has already been relocated.

J: ...Tsk, one step behind again?

Commander: However, we didn't exactly come away empty-handed.

J: Care to explain?

Commander: I found a name.

J: A name?

Commander: There's an order manifest that they didn't have time to get rid of on one of their crates.

Commander: The purchaser of this cargo is written on it—Umruss.

J: ...I see.

Commander: I suppose there's no time to waste?

J: Naturally.

Click.

Call disconnected.

J: Gripping his communicator, J leans back in his chair and takes a deep breath.

J: ...Finally, a breakthrough.
Part 4: -48-3-5.txt

4

Rustle rustle...

Creeeak... The two slip into the apartment, making as little noise as possible.

Nele: Is there anyone inside?

Mia: Relax, I checked. Those people are long gone.

Mia: People only get fired up about the news for a day or two. Time is the best sedative.

She flips on the light switch and the room immediately brightens up.

Nele: Ahhhh~ There's no place like home!

Mia: But you're still going down to the lab tomorrow, right?

Nele: Of course! They finally opened the place back up again. Granted, it's just to tell everyone that they're fired...

Mia: Yeah, I'll go tidy up the house. You'd better hurry up if you want to contact that agent. You need to be up bright and early tomorrow.

Nele: Okay.

Click. The call goes through, and she is answered by a lazy-sounding voice.

J: Good news?

Nele: ...There's news, but whether or not it's good is up to you.

Nele: About the truck—it was definitely from Galatea, but there are many such vehicles. Also each truck makes a lot of trips, so the transport logs alone are several hundred pages long.

J: What information do those logs contain?

Nele: My clearance only gives me access to names, warehouses, times and so on—basic stuff.

Nele: And the system doesn't let me do open searches.

J: Speaking of names, I have a piece of info for you.

J: The consignee is called "Umruss".

Nele: ...

Nele: Come to think of it, you've got a technical department, right?

Nele: Can't you do something to boost my access clearance?

J: If we could do that, why not just hack your intranet directly?

J: That sort of thing leaves traces, Frau Informant.

Nele: Alright, I'll try to think of something else.

J: Does Gray Elementary only take first-grade students?

J: Get some of your seniors to help, Frau Nele.

Nele: Wait, are you suggesting that I use other people's...

J: I didn't say anything.

Nele: ...Yes, you said nothing at all.

J: What about the mansion?

Nele: Same thing. I don't have access.

J: ...Alright then. I can't count on you for everything, after all.

Nele: ...I'll do my best.

J: Anyone can say that.

J: Right, I've got stuff to do on my end. Talk to you later.

Nele: ...

Nele hangs up and exhales heavily.

Mia: Nele, you're a scientist, not a spy.

Nele: I brought this on myself...

Nele: Whew... I'll go check again tomorrow.

...

Mia: Don't push yourself too hard. You're just an ordinary girl.

Nele: Relax, Mia. I've got this.

Nele puts her communicator away and pulls her coat over her body as Mia watches on with concern.

...

Nele: Hi~ Herr Eicher.

Eicher: ...Nele? What are you doing here?

The researcher who's about to leave is surprised to see Nele as she enters the workroom.

Eicher: I thought you'd already...

Nele: I just came to get some things. I left some personal items here.

Eicher: I see...

Eicher: Well, Professor Iverson's finished handing his work over. We'll be having a farewell dinner later with Sara and Melanie. Are you coming?

Nele: Uh... Sure.

Eicher: I'll leave the lights on for you. Make sure you turn them off when you go.

Eicher: See you at the pantry later.

Nele: Okay.

After smiling and waving goodbye to Eicher, Nele goes up to her computer.

Logging in to the Gray Institute of Biology Database—

"Umruss"—begin search.

Nele: Huh? There's only one entry!

The red underline means that it is highly classified.

Nele: Good thing I'm using Professor Iverson's card...

Nele: Hmm... Now then...

Gray—the teacher who shone a light on her life.

Nele: Mrs. Gray, to me, you are like a fire that illuminates a traveler's path.

Nele: If you ARE innocent, then I won't let anyone besmirch you.

Nele: 13, 14, 15...

Nele: Got it!

There are org charts, meeting minutes, schedules and diaries—

Her heart begins to pound.

Nele: ...A project direction change meeting... on May 22nd?

Nele: Looks like that was before I came in.

Knock knock knock.

Nele: —!

Eicher: I forgot my scarf.

Eicher: Oh yeah, two people are already here, make sure you hurry.

Nele: ...Okay, give me 5 minutes.

Nele minimizes the window with a perfectly even expression and greets the person who came in.

Eicher gets his scarf and closes the door once again.

Nele: Whew... That scared the hell out of me.

She enters the server again and looks at the personnel records again. Gray's vivacious face looks back at her.

Nele's hands tremble.

Nele: Mrs. Gray wasn't in the lab that day!

Nele: As for her carpool records... Sh-she went to...Neu-Tempelhof...

Knock knock knock.

—There is a knocking on the door once again.

Eicher: Nele! Everyone's here, are you done yet?

Nele: Y-yes, I am, I'm coming right now.

Nele silently turns off her computer and enters the pantry with a big smile. Then she returns her "borrowed" card to its owner, who is none the wiser.

Nele: Let's head out!

...

The waiter brings out a tray laden with sausage platters and beer.

Eicher: So, will you be going to that research institute in Bremen, Professor Iverson?

Iverson: Yeah, they have an immunology project there too.

Iverson: They're asking if I want to bring my team with me. Any takers?

Melanie: My family lives here, so moving to another city would be too much of a pain.

Melanie: (Sighs) I haven't even finished a full year here, it's going to look bad on my resume.

Eicher: Well, everyone's spent pretty much the same amount of time here, so don't worry, we can be witnesses for each other's background checks.

Eicher: Also, they gave us a pretty hefty severance package, so we can take half a year to slowly find new work.

Eicher: Still, I'm kind of interested in the Bremen position. They're more developed than Berlin, so they'll probably be able to get bigger grants.

Iverson: Yeah, they're quite generous with their salaries.

Sara: It's worth it no matter how much they pay us.

Sara: After all, we're the only ones in the industry with exclusive first-hand information.

Iverson: Oh no, animal trials are a far cry from human trials.

Eicher: Yup~ As they say, the best scientists are often the mad ones.

Nele: First-hand "information"? Do you mean Idunn?

Nele: I noticed quite a few companies seem to have special anti-ELID projects going on a while back.

Iverson: Yes, and Gray is one of the leaders in the field.

Iverson: There are hundreds, if not thousands of companies that want to start projects like that, and there are dozens who already have.

Iverson: But she's the only one that has been able to push a project this far.

Iverson: For starters, our research is 90% finalized.

Nele: Yeah, so all that's left are the Phase III trials. I can't think of why it would have resulted in brain death. Fortunately the final tests showed that they were fine.

Iverson: ...

Eicher: ...

Melanie: ...

Sara: ...

Nele: Huh? What... What's wrong?

Eicher: You didn't know?

Eicher: When I saw the news, I thought someone stole your serum. Did you really not know?

Nele: ...What should I know?

Eicher: ...That serum's not meant to be used outside the lab.

Nele puts down her cup and tenses up.

Nele: Why?

Sara: Oh boy... I can't believe you actually don't know... Should we tell her...Or not?

Melanie: But that was the direction they were going with when we came in. How could you NOT have known when you joined?

Nele: ...

Nele: (I need to get to the bottom of this... )

Nele: Come to think of it, there was an NDA, but I didn't have the time to read through the whole thing.

Her heart pounds faster and faster... The truth hidden in the mists all this while is about to be revealed—

Melanie: No wonder you didn't know.

Melanie: At your next job, make sure you finish reading the NDA before signing your contract!

Nele: Thank you for the reminder.

Nele: So, what is it?

Iverson: I'm talking about the direction of our research. We're not working towards treatment, but selection.

Iverson: We're using the human immune system to select for the most appropriate antibodies.

Nele: Isn't that killing people?

Nele's voice unconsciously rises by a couple of decibels.

Sara: It's SAVING people.

Sara: Nele, we're saving people.

Melanie: There's no perfect treatment for ELID. You ought to know that, right?

Nele: Which is why Idunn is the salvation everyone's hoping for!

Iverson: Oh, you're too naive!

Iverson: We can only find a true immunosome after a great deal of experimentation. The only effective treatment is by obtaining a blood serum sample from them and replicating it.

Nele: ...

Nele: No wonder the government took so long to approve it. Did they know what we were researching?

Iverson: Of course. The publicly-stated goal of Idunn was a Tower of Babel to begin with, something that could never come true.

Iverson: But when you use it as a political slogan, you can make a ton of money.

Iverson: I thought Mrs. Gray explained all this to you.

Iverson: How did you even make it onto the team if you can't even accept that?

Nele: ...

Nele: I'd like to know myself!

Nele scoops up her sling bag on the bench and strides out of the hotel's private dining room, leaving a group of people looking at each other behind her.
Part 5: -48-3-6.txt

5

...

Nele: As for that Umruss person... This is where he lives now.

Nele: I guess that counts as a result? That's all I can do for you.

J: —That's enough. It'll be very useful.

J: Please keep looking, if you don't mind. There might be other clues.

Nele: ...Okay, got it.

After hanging up, Nele takes out a collection of essays from her bookcase.

The inscription on it belongs to an outstanding woman—Gray.

Mia: Nele—

Nele: I don't get it! Why was there such a huge change in her research direction all of a sudden?!

She opens the book and starts ripping each page out, one after the other.

Nele: There's no way she could be someone like that!

Nele: I remembered every word she wrote!

Nele: "Before studying medicine, one must first learn how to be a decent human being—wealth and poverty are not fair, but life is!"

Nele: How could she possibly conduct experiments like this?! Do you know how many of our research trials were conducted in radiated zones, in secluded settlements below the poverty line?!

Nele: I thought we were saving them. I thought it was kindness.

Nele: WHO IS THIS? HOW COULD THIS POSSIBLY BE MRS. GRAY?!

Mia: Nele, calm down!

Mia: You're scaring me, and I'm worried about you... I'm worried that you'll end up doing something you shouldn't while you're in the grip of these emotions...

Mia: You're just an ordinary human being.

Mia: You can't solve all this. All you can do is save the people within your reach.

Mia: And you're too tired!

Mia: Why don't you take advantage of the fact that you lost your job to go back to your hometown and clear your head, maybe start over again? How about that?

Nele: Don't treat me like a child!

Mia: You're very confused right now, and that Agent J's mission is very dangerous—

Nele: My mind has never been clearer than it is right now, Mia.

Nele: Don't try to stop me.

Nele: I won't give up on anything, whether it's Mrs. Gray, Idunn, or that Agent J business.

Nele: This is what I believe in as a human being.

Mia: ...I understand.

...

J squeezes the communicator he's holding. He's having a hard time hiding his excitement.

He jumps up from his chair, grabs the gun on his desk, and turns in preparation to leave.

K: Wait, Kevin.

J: I'm in a rush. Save it for when I get back.

K: I need to tell you now... Come with me.

K drags the restless J to a quiet corner of the office.

K: What the hell are you up to? Don't forget that we pretty much have no permission to do anything now.

K: Romy is keeping a close eye on us and all our actions are under a magnifying glass. Don't get carried away and run off to do something stupid.

J: I've got news on the missing cargo.

K: What?

J: The Griffin Commander found the name of the person who placed the order—Umruss.

J: My informant checked the Galatea database and now we have his address!

J: Once we find him, we'll know who had their eye on that cargo.

K: ...Are you sure?

K: What if this is a trap? We can't do this, it's too risky.

J: Listen, Schwaben.

J: I am not acting on an impulse here. This is the closest we'll ever come to solving this missing cargo case.

J: What the hell have we found so far? Romy won't give us any information. At this rate we'll be letting the culprit go free.

K: ...

J: They're weapons! A big batch of weapons!

J: No matter where they end up, I'm certain it's not going to end in a peaceful settlement.

J: The thought of them circulating outside keeps me up at night, don't tell me it's not the same for you!

K: But...

J: Also... Why the hell did Light die in that mansion anyway? Why is Romy blocking the investigation? Have you never thought about that before?

K: ...

J: It's all related to Galatea! He must have found out about this...

J: I'm willing to bet they're all connected. We'll only get one shot at this. Do you really want to let it get away because of that woman's orders?

K takes a deep breath. He knows he can't stop J any longer.

K: I have a condition.

J: What is it?

K: We can't hide this from Mona.

J: ...Deal.

In a high-class residential district, Berlin.

Mona: ...Target building identified.

As they look at the heavily-guarded building, the three Stasi agents set up a temporary command post on the roof of the building opposite it.

K: That's a high-end personal condominium.

K: We'll put him on his guard if we try to force our way in without authorization.

J: I know that, but if we let him go, there's no telling when we'll be able to catch him again.

K: Are you sure he's in there?

Mona: ...The odds of that are very high.

Mona: I checked and one of the units is registered to an "Umruss". More importantly, he probably has not stepped outside today.

K: So does it look like it's worth a try?

Mona: I think so.

Mona: If the missing cargo really are weapons, I can understand why Agent J is feeling so anxious about it.

Mona: We need to try all possible methods.

J: ...Turns out you're actually pretty reasonable.

Mona: I'm very glad that you didn't keep me out of the loop this time, Agent J..

J: ...It was a request from K.

Mona: ...

Mona: Agent K, I believe it would be more appropriate if we reported this to Frau Romy.

J: NO!!!

J: That woman is clearly trying to play us for fools, given how she's hiding so much information from us. We mustn't tell her!

Mona: But...Frau Romy is our supervisor.

Mona: If we take unauthorized actions like this...

J: Argh, you're such a pain!

K: That's enough! J, mind your tone.

K: Mona is right. Frau Romy is in charge of us. You need to take her position into consideration when you do things.

J: ...Tsk.

K: But this time... Mona, J isn't going off half-cocked here. The fact is that Frau Romy is not on the frontlines and she does not understand the situation.

K: If you report this to her now, she might tell us to call off the operation. And if we let Umruss go, there's no telling how long we'll have to wait again.

Mona: ...

Mona: Then do you intend to act now?

K: We can't delay any further. We need to do this now, while he still lives here.

Mona: If we don't want to alert Frau Romy, then we won't be able to call for support.

J: ...Not necessarily.

Mona: What do you have in mind?

J: I brought some plastic explosives along.

Mona: ...What?

J: Oh, don't give me that look, I'm not planning to do anything dangerous with it.

Mona: That isn't something you should be saying as you pull out a wad of plastic explosives!

K: Ah... I get it.

J: The guards there are bound to be incredibly high-strung. All we need to do is find a place, plant the charge, then set it off, and they'll panic.

J: When that happens, it'll be easy for us to sneak in. In fact, it's a tactic we couldn't use if we had too many people.

Mona: Th-that's too risky!

J: It won't cause any real casualties, it's just to lure them out of position.

J: If it makes you uneasy, then you can stay here and keep an eye on things.

Mona: ...What do you think, Agent K?

K: I think it's doable.

Mona: ...But if an accident happens...

K: Then we'll have to trouble you to report to Frau Romy immediately.

K: Desperate times call for desperate measures, after all.

K: It's a sloppy plan, but it's got a solid chance of success.

Mona: ...

Seeing how in sync the two agents are, Mona lets out a heavy sigh.

...
Part 6: -48-3-8.txt

6

BOOM!!!!

Bodyguard: ?!

Bodyguard: Alarm! Alarm!

Bodyguard: Explosives detected in Sector B! Calling for backup!

Bodyguard: Activate the backup power supply! Stay alert! Keep the clients calm!

Bodyguard: Get the bomb squad over here!

...

The man stands in front of the floor-to-ceiling window, silently watching the commotion on the ground floor.

Perhaps he's being paranoid, or perhaps not.

Any abnormality is enough to make him nervous until the job is complete. After all, he's already failed once.

Knock knock.

???: Who is it?

Voice from Outside the Door: Sir, there's been an explosion on the first floor.

Voice from Outside the Door: We need to ensure all our residents are safe.

Voice from Outside the Door: Would you mind opening the door?

???: I'm fine.

The man picks up his handgun from the coffee table.

Voice from Outside the Door: Please open the door so that we can confirm your safety.

With his gun behind his back, the man slowly approaches the main door...

There is a muscular, hulking security guard standing outside the door. At this range, he can easily kill the man if he tries anything unusual.

Bodyguard: ...

???: ...Is there anything else?

Bodyguard: No, our apologies. It's just that the brass want us to do door-to-door checks.

Bodyguard: Sorry to disturb you. Have a good day.

???: Don't bother me again if there's nothing else.

Bodyguard: Yes, sir. Once again, our apologies.

Thud. The door closes, and the room is silent again.

The man slowly returns to the living room, where he stands in front of the window once again. The commotion is still going on, and he can make out the outlines of fire engines in the distance.

???: Freeze.

???: ...!

???: Umruss, you are suspected of endangering the safety of the State. Do not resist, and cooperate with our investigation!

The two Stasi agents appear soundlessly from behind the man. When he turns around, they both exclaim in surprise.

J: ...It's you?!

K: ...This is not funny at all.

J: Umruss... Hopps...

J: I see...

J mutters to himself as he glares at the tall man in front of him.

Hopps: ...Stasi.

Hopps' face darkens.

Hopps: Endangering national security? Do you no longer need proof when framing people for crimes now?

J: You know if there's proof or not.

Hopps: You set off that explosion down there, didn't you?

Hopps: The fact that you had to draw off security like that means you are operating under limited authority.

Hopps: Which means you have no right to arrest me, and what you're doing now is illegally trespassing on private property.

Hopps: ...You don't think this is the last century, do you?

K: Where did you send that cargo?

Hopps: ...I see.

Hopps: This isn't something the Stasi ought to be interfering in.

K: Unfortunately, we DO have to interfere when they're used for terrorist activities.

Hopps: You think that's enough to shake me?

K: At the very least, I think you are not in full possession of the facts.

K: Things are far more complicated than you understand.

Hopps: ...And what makes you say that?

K: I read your file. You once worked for the GIP. They have nothing to do with Galatea...

K: I don't know why they got you out of jail or why they made you do this. Going by your previous experiences alone, I believe what you know is very limited.

J: They used you again, du volltrottel.

Hopps: Surely there must be a limit to how arrogant you can be, Stasi.

Hopps: What I do and who I do it for are none of your business, and I certainly have no obligation to tell you.

J: I can shoot you right now if you don't tell the truth.

J: So many people have died in Berlin already that nobody's going to blame me for killing a murderer's accomplice.

Hopps: The futility of your anger makes it all the more laughable.

K: ...Iaso's Boxes.

Hopps: Hm?

K: The cargo you were transporting are biochemical weapons called Iaso's Boxes.

K: Several dozen small-scale terrorist attacks have taken place in and around Berlin over the past few months. Those were the weapons used during those incidents.

Hopps: The weapons I transported have nothing to do with terrorist attacks.

J: Oh, don't give me any of that! Did your client tell you they were going to use those weapons as fertilizer?

J: Wake the hell up! There's only one reason they were made, which is to KILL people! Transporting biochemical weapons makes you an accomplice to the murder of German citizens!

J: You were mouthing off about protecting the State the last time we met, is this how you're going to do it?

Hopps: ...

For the first time in the conversation, Hopps falls silent.

Hopps: Do you have proof of this?

K: ...You can choose not to believe us.

K: But if you refuse to cooperate with us, then the price will be the lives of several million Berlin citizens.

Hopps: ...

Hopps turns his back to the two men. He looks down over the Berlin skyline, and falls silent once again.

Hopps: I don't know the ultimate destination of that cargo.

J: What?!

K: ...Are you willing to cooperate with us?

Hopps: Terrorist attacks and political movements are different. They differ in their original intentions.

Hopps: I will not do anything that will jeopardize the future of our people. Everything I do is for the State.

Hopps: ...I hate traitors more than anything.

Click.

Just then, Hopps' communicator suddenly rings.

Hopps: ...Hello?

Hopps: ...Yes, well done.

Hopps: ...Stay there, watch their movements.

After that terse exchange, he hangs up.

Hopps: The cargo is being sent to Berlin Airport right now. That's where the job they assigned me ends.

Hopps: However, I've arranged for my people to lie in wait and keep an eye on the movement of the weapons. Soon we will know what they're doing.

J: So you already planned for this?

Hopps: ...I knew they didn't choose me to do this for no reason.

K: Berlin Airport... For safety's sake, let's get this information—

The glass in front of Hopps' shatters as the sound of a gunshot fills the air.

Hopps' expression changes immediately.

K: —Sniper! Get to cover!

J: Scheiße!

K swiftly ducks behind the sofa. Meanwhile, J's eyes widen and he lunges at Hopps, who has crumpled to the ground.

J: Who was it?

J: Who asked you to send that cargo?!

J: A name! Give me a name!

Hopps: ...Medb...

J: ...Medb? As in Queen Medb?

J: Is it a codename? A woman? Is it a woman? Hey!

Hopps' eyes go wide. His chest has long since been soaked in the blood geysering from it.

He is no longer breathing.

K: J! We have to go now! The security guards will be here any moment!

K: Mona!

Mona: I've pinpointed the sniper's location, I'm now in pursuit!

...

Bang!

Mona: Stop right there!

The black shadow leaps from building to building, and Mona is having a hard time keeping up with her.

It's unbelievable... She's an elite Doll, but it's taken her so long just to close the distance between the two of them.

There's no way her quarry is human.

Mona: ...!

Bramedb: You just don't know when to back off, do you? Women who don't know their place aren't popular with men, you know.

The tall woman suddenly comes to a halt. Mona stops as well, and the two of them face off on the roof as the cold wind blows.

Mona: Drop your weapon! You're coming with me!

Mona takes aim at the beautiful woman in front of her.

Mona: You...

The strength drains out of Mona's arms, and her weapon falls from her limp fingers. Her vision gradually grays out and darkens. All she can do is watch as the woman slowly approaches, but her limbs refuse to respond.

...It all happens in an instant.

Bramedb: What a shame...

Bramedb: If you weren't a Doll, I might consider dating you.

Thud.

Mona collapses like a puppet whose strings have been cut.

...
Part 7: -48-3-9.txt

7

...Berlin Airport.

Staff Room.

Airport Staff: Thanks for taking over. I'll be heading off.

Security Chief: Sure.

After nodding farewell to his subordinate, the Security Chief walks into the changing room.

Click.

A gun is suddenly pressed against his back. He can feel the cold metal through his shirt.

ST AR-15: Don't move.

Security Chief: What do you want?

Just as the man questions the aggressor, a sharp pain comes from the inside of his knee.

A merciless blow forces him onto the floor. This time, the muzzle is pressed against his head.

ST AR-15: Your name is Andor Payne, Security Chief of Berlin Airport Terminal 2.

Security Chief: ...Yes.

ST AR-15: At 15:55 this afternoon, a batch of goods were delivered into the airport under your watch.

Security Chief: ...!

ST AR-15: Which warehouse have you put the cargo in?

Security Chief: I...I don't know what you're talking about.

M4 SOPMOD II: HAAAARGH!

Crack! The T-Doll's terrifying roar is followed by the sound of something breaking.

Security Chief: Ugh?! AAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!

The man can't feel his wrist anymore.

ST AR-15: Don't try my patience.

ST AR-15: You know exactly what I'm talking about.

M4 SOPMOD II: Be a good boy or next time it'll be your neck that gets broken!

ST AR-15: The weapons. Where are they?

Security Chief: ...Weapons?

ST AR-15: You just moved a batch of biochemical weapons even more terrible than nuclear bombs.

ST AR-15: They've been delivered to the largest port in the city and you tell me you don't know about them?!

Security Chief: That's impossible! My comrades said...

ST AR-15: Cut the crap. Just tell us which warehouse it is.

M4 SOPMOD II: Grrrr! Spit it out already!

Security Chief: ...

Security Chief: ...Alright.

...

Airport Operations.

ST AR-15: ...We have tracked down the cargo's location, but we'll need a manager's access clearance to enter the warehouse.

Commander: Got it. Stay where you are and wait for me.

After hanging up, the Commander turns to look at the manager behind them.

Commander: You heard that. We need your access clearance.

Manager: ...I have already overstepped by divulging our logistics information, now you're demanding access to a private...

Khaybar: I'm very sorry, but this is not up for discussion.

Khaybar: This is an official document that gives our Commander the highest authority here. You see how this works now?

Manager: ...Right. I will notify the person-in-charge of that zone.

Manager: I will take you to the warehouse later, but you must be present yourself and take responsibility for the Dolls.

Commander: No problem.

The manager storms out of the room.

Commander: ...Phew, the Earl's name does come in handy.

Khaybar: ...It's a double-edged sword. We should keep a lower profile.

Commander: As for you...

Commander looks at Morridow, who has been sitting quietly and demurely on the chair throughout the whole exchange.

Commander: You just stay here.

Morridow: Whatever you say.

Commander: ...

Commander: We need someone to coordinate with us at the control room.

Commander: It can't be anyone else but M4, and since M4 is staying, so are you.

M4 is about to say something, but thinks the better of it. She simply nods.

RO635: I'm staying too.

To everyone's surprise, RO635 raises a hand.

RO635: Let me stay to protect M4.

Commander: ...That's a good idea.

Commander: If anything happens, let us know immediately.

RO635: Yes, Commander.

Commander: The rest of you come with me. Prepare to link up with AR-15.

Group: Yes, Commander!

The manager, who has just returned, knocks on the door of the control room.

Manager: I have everything sorted out. Follow me.

The group files out of the room with the Commander in the lead.

M4A1: ...

RO635: ...

The control room is engulfed in an awkward silence.

M4A1: ...We need to talk, Morridow.

RO635: Don't waste your breath, M4.

Morridow: Heh, ye of little faith.

RO635: Nothing about you is worth a shred of trust.

After bringing up the surveillance feed of the designated area, RO635 turns around and glares at Morridow, who's looking rather smug.

Morridow: Not faith in me, Doll.

Morridow: You seem awfully worried about leaving me alone with Nimogen. Doesn't this mean that you don't trust her at all?

RO635: ...And here I was expecting something important. You think this would be enough to turn us against each other?

M4A1: ...Are you jealous of our bond?

M4A1: They do trust me a great deal, and this is something you don't have.

Morridow narrows her eyes and smiles darkly at M4.

Morridow: Alright, what do you want with me?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: ...RO.

M4 looks towards RO635.

RO635: What is it, M4?

M4A1: I really hate to ask this...

M4A1: But I want to be alone with her for a while.

RO635: Sure... What?

RO answers without thinking. She does a double take when she finally registers what M4 just asked of her.

RO635: But why?! I can't possibly leave the two of you together!

M4A1: ...Calm down, RO. It's not like she can do anything to me.

RO635: B-but what's there to discuss with her? Besides, you...

RO looks at M4 with concern.

M4A1: It'll be fine.

M4A1 smiles gently. Despite her feebleness, she is still radiating fortitude and great resolve.

M4A1: ...Please.

Morridow: Hold on, isn't anyone gonna ask my opinion?

Morridow: I don't want to be alone with her!

RO635: Shut up! You have no say.

Morridow: ...

M4A1: ...Morridow, I once told you I needed a proper moment.

M4A1: I believe this is it. We can have a proper talk now.

Morridow: ...Are you for real?

Morridow: Then why don't you show me... How far you're willing to go?

M4 pauses before looking up at RO635 again.

M4A1: I'll explain everything to you later, RO.

M4A1: Just let me talk to her alone for now, okay?

RO635: ...

RO635: I'll be waiting outside the door. If anything happens, make sure you give me a shout.

M4A1: Yeah, I will. I promise.

RO635 turns and leaves the control room. The last thing she hears before closing the door is...

M4A1: ...If that's your wish, I can fulfill it.

RO635: ...

Fulfill? Fulfill what?

After a brief moment of hesitation, she presses her ear against the door, but she can't hear any of the conversation at all.

RO635: M4...

Outside the door, RO635 holds her gun tightly in her hands, her thoughts all jumbled.

...She trusts M4. She's made to trust her no matter what.

But if even she can't tell what M4 is thinking...

Who can?

...

At the Griffin base.

Kryuger studies the namelist before him and picks up his cup of coffee thoughtfully.

Helian: What should we do about the Commander's request for reinforcements?

Kryuger: The Earl had Havier send a mobile construction vehicle, it's on its way... Very generous of him.

Helian: He actually did that...?

Helian: Looks the Commander really needs those reinforcements desperately.

Kryuger: How much longer will it take for our T-Doll forces to be fully replenished?

Helian: ...We don't have a specific timeframe.

Helian: But it definitely won't be any time soon.

Helian: At our current progress, I'm afraid our forces can't give the Commander sufficient fire support.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Looks like we have no choice but to send them.

Helian: We will be a lot more vulnerable here at the base with them away.

Kryuger: Right now, the Commander needs their strength more than we do.

Kryuger: No matter what the Earl is planning to do, our priority must be to ensure the Commander's safety.

Helian: ...You're right.

Kryuger: Let them have some fun.

Helian: Understood. Leave it to me.
Part 8: -48-3-10.txt

8

...

???: ...Roger.

Click.

The call ends.

???: Whew...

Whipped by the frigid wind, the figure standing on a high tower casts their cold gaze out into the distance.

The Doll teams sprint down the runway in the middle of the night-shrouded airport.

???: ...

...Just wait.

...The time is upon us.

...

The Doll raises her head and watches as the heavy rain clouds draw a curtain over the already darkened sky.

Pzzt—

The call connects.

Bramedb: Hello, can you hear me?

Mrs. Gray: You've called me more times over the past few days than you have for all of last year.

Bramedb: What, are you blaming me for being too cold?

Bramedb: I was just a little busy. If you're dying for someone to talk to because you're bored, I'll call you more often in the future.

Mrs. Gray: Enough rubbish. What is it?

Bramedb: Are you aware of the situation?

Bramedb: If those weapons aren't shipped on time, we're all going to get it.

Mrs. Gray: And it is only at this point that you think of asking me for help?

Bramedb: Right now.

Bramedb: Our "tail" has already followed us here.

Bramedb: Whatever you're planning, you can forget about getting away if Father is upset.

Mrs. Gray: Really now?

Mrs. Gray: That has nothing to do with me, Bramedb.

Mrs. Gray: Do you remember what you said?

Mrs. Gray: This is your mission, I have no right to interfere.

Bramedb: ...That was then, this is now.

Bramedb: If we lose this shipment of weapons, none of us are going to have a good time!

Bramedb: Do you want Father to hear about how you just sat there and let it happen?

Mrs. Gray: Well, we can all look forward to Father's opinion about this whole mess.

Bramedb: Grig, are you there? Don't pretend you can't hear me~

Bramedb: Are you just going to watch as your dear sister does something stupid?

Grig: I support any and all decisions Big Sister makes.

Bramedb: ...Gray, are you serious?

Bramedb: This isn't the time to be settling private vendettas in public.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Bramedb: ...

Mrs. Gray: Pfft... This is the first time I've seen you so flustered, Bramedb.

Bramedb: ...

Mrs. Gray: I've already sent people over. I just wanted to tease you and see your reaction. This doesn't come around often, after all.

Mrs. Gray: It was well worth it. You're absolutely adorable.

Bramedb: Why you...!

Mrs. Gray: Go and finish your mission.

Mrs. Gray: Don't disappoint me and Father.

The transmission ends.

Bramedb: ...

Bramedb: ...You bitch.

Such is Bramedb's anger that she crushes the communicator in her hand. Then, she takes a deep breath.

Bramedb: ...You won't get away with this.

...

...

As they follow in the manager's footsteps, the Commander and company cross the airport amidst the steady downpour.

The airport at night is largely empty and there seems to be no signs of people around.

Several helicopters are parked on the helipad that is exposed to the elements.

ST AR-15: Commander! There's an emergency!

Commander: ...What happened?

ST AR-15: I'm already at the target warehouse.

ST AR-15: ...A transport plane is already on the runway and I'm picking up high radiation levels from it!

Commander: ...That must be the cargo. Crap.

ST AR-15: The pilot looks weird, like...He's crazy.

Commander: Never mind that! Do NOT let that plane take off! Stop him!

ST AR-15: Roger!
Part 9: -48-3-12.txt

9

...

Romy: You two...Really love giving me surprises.

Romy's wrath cannot be contained any longer.

J: ...

K: ...

Romy: Acting without permission, getting a key suspect killed. Tell me, what will it be next time?

Romy: I suppose you think you should be the one doing my job, eh? Schwaben?

K: Chief, we...

Romy: Shut it.

Romy: You're relieved of duty, both of you.

J: ?!

J: H-hold on a...!

Romy: Effective immediately.

Romy: Now get out of here!

J: We...!

K interrupts before J goes berserk.

K: Here are my ID and cufflinks.

K: I'll turn in my weapon to the Quartermaster.

J: ...

J shoots K a glance, then clenches his teeth and hands in his own ID and cufflinks.

K: Deepest apologies.

After giving Romy another bow, K leads J out of the office.

...

J: Why didn't you stand your ground?

J: We did...

K: There is zero justification for what we did.

K: Kevin, we're in the wrong...

J: ...

K: ...Mona's neural cloud is heavily damaged. There's no telling if the damage will be permanent.

K: ...Admit it, Kevin.

K: We've lost it all.

J: ...

J stands rooted to the spot, his fist clenched in indignation.

...

???: ...Understood.

???: Leave that to me.

Click.

The transmission is terminated.

???: ...There's no place for you in this era.

???: Know when to let go and make a timely exit.

???: M4...

...

Having intercepted the freighter, ST AR-15 is checking the pilot's status in the cockpit.

ST AR-15: ...This man is severely injured. Even if we hadn't intercepted the aircraft, he couldn't possibly have completed the flight.

ST AR-15: He just stopped breathing.

M4 SOPMOD II: The cargo hold is empty!

M4 SOPMOD II: No cargo within sight! The radiation levels are high but there's nothing!

Commander: ...

The Commander watches as ST AR-15 drags the pilot out... Gunshots and stab wounds—he definitely wasn't injured in the previous battle.

An ominous premonition threatens to overwhelm the Commander. They suddenly look up.

Commander: Go check the warehouse! Hurry!

...

...

Commander: ...

Manager: I... I really don't know! I don't know anything!

The tough man who was still unshakable just minutes ago is now an emotional wreck.

ST AR-15: This is horrendous...

UMP45: We've checked. No survivors.

UMP45: All 17 are dead.

No matter how many times they have seen such sights, the Commander still can't say they have gotten used to them.

Manager: I wash my hands of this... You...You're the one looking for it... You sort this out... (Gags)

The manager stumbles out of the warehouse.

Khaybar: ...Where's the cargo?

UMP45: As you can see, there's nothing but corpses here.

UMP45 tosses an object that she has plucked from a corpse to the Commander—a medal.

It looks very old, but the Iron Cross is unmistakable through the ages.

UMP45: What do we do now?

Commander: If the freighter carrying the cargo has already departed, there's no way we can catch up.

Commander: I'll have M4 check the nearby routes... and which large freighters have taken off, then send word to the Stasi and the Earl.

ST AR-15: When the manager gets a grip, we can also ask him to access the storage records of this warehouse.

Commander: Right.

...

...Click.

Commander: ...Hm?

ST AR-15: What's wrong?

Commander: M4 isn't picking up.

ST AR-15: ...What about RO?

Commander: ...Same thing.

The Commander and ST AR-15 stare at each other.

ST AR-15: Crap.

Commander: Get back there! M4 may be compromised!

...

Commander: RO?!

The Commander and the Dolls return to the control room and immediately spot RO635, who has collapsed outside the door.

Khaybar rushes into the empty room and looks around in dismay.

Khaybar: This is bad! M4 and Morridow are missing!

Commander: Dammit!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO!

SOP-II grabs RO635 by the shoulders and shakes her vigorously.

UMP45: Don't move her! Her neural cloud is under attack. Let me handle this!

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Freaking hell, don't tell me...

After a while, RO635 slowly regains consciousness. She looks around in a daze...

RO635: M4...

RO635: Oh no! Morridow! Morridow took M4 away!

Khaybar: How did Morridow overpower two T-Dolls?!

Khaybar punches the wall furiously, losing her cool for the first time. RO stares at the floor with wide eyes, utterly incredulous.

RO635: Did... Did I lose M4... Again?

UMP45: Don't panic! They may still be at the airport.

RO635: ...

Commander: Start searching immediately. We have to stop Morridow!

Heavy rain starts pouring from the thunderous night sky.

The wheels of a vehicle splash through the puddles on the ground as it tears down a muddy road.

UMP9: Watch out on that side!

Rumble!

RO635: Commander!

RO635: Up there ! Look up!

Commander: ...?!

At RO635's urgent cry, everyone raises their head.

There comes the sound of turning rotor blades, and a helicopter slowly rises from the helipad.

ST AR-15 immediately makes out the figure sitting in the pilot's seat.

ST AR-15: ... Crap.

ST AR-15: It's Morridow! She's about to escape!

Khaybar: Miss M4 is in the co-pilot's seat! She... She seems unconscious!

Khaybar: My call isn't getting through!

416: Dammit! Can't we shoot them down?!

Commander: No! We'd risk injuring M4 by accident!

416: That's still better than letting her get kidnapped, right?!

Khaybar: Shoot... We're this close!

Khaybar: If we had acted just a bit earlier—

Khaybar: Wait... Who's that?

ST AR-15: Wha...

M4 SOPMOD II: That's...!

Commander: ...!!

...

The helicopter is still climbing. Putting M4 in the clearly visible co-pilot's seat is a warning in itself.

Morridow: I knew you wouldn't have the guts to fire. I win.

At this distance, Morridow can clearly see the Commander's group coming after her.

Morridow: As long as I bring her back... Father won't begrudge me for my past mistakes.

Morridow: What a shame, Nimogen.

Morridow: The tables have turned and you can't stop me... No one can stop me! I just have to bring you back with me, and I'll regain Father's trust!

Morridow: In the end, I'm the only perfect one out of all of Father's creations!

M4A1, who is still in a deep slumber, makes no response.

Morridow: The same miracle won't happen a second time.

Morridow: ...In the end, I am the only perfect creation!

Right now, her heart has soared through the heavy clouds that have been oppressing her.

She has succeeded. Her contribution to Father's cause has cemented her position, proven her prestige—

Thunk!

Morridow: Huh?!

With a loud noise, the helicopter suddenly starts rocking violently.

Morridow: What...What's happening?!

Thunk!

Before Morridow can figure out what is going on, the noise comes again, and the helicopter rocks harder.

This time, Morridow finally identifies the source of the noise. Something is ramming into the helicopter—

Morridow: You... What?!

???: ...

Morridow: !

She can hardly believe what she's seeing.

She knows that the helicopter is currently flying through the air, and the readings on her dashboard confirm that.

However...

Morridow: What... what the hell?!!!

Morridow: How... how the hell did you get up here?!

???: ...

It is a Doll.

Clinging onto the outside of the helicopter against an inky backdrop.

In her hand is a slender silver cord, and her feet are planted on the outer frame of the fuselage.

Flashing lightning illuminates her cold face through the windows splattered with rain, her silvery white hair gleaming like a specter.

Morridow: W...Wait a second!

???: ...

Through the glass, Morridow can see that Doll's lips moving slightly.

Her voice is drowned out by the rain. Morridow can't hear a single syllable.

The Doll nonchalantly fishes out something from her belt using her free hand, then...

Morridow: No, wait...!

Boom!

An explosion erupts, triggering alarms on the dashboard of the helicopter.

Morridow instantly realizes what just happened.

Morridow: Are you insane, Doll?!

But she is utterly helpless against the attack. All she can do is swerve the helicopter in the hopes that she can shake the T-Doll off.

But before she can put that into action, the Doll has already made her move...

Explosives. She destroyed the rotor system with a sticky bomb.

Morridow: Y-you're trying to drag me to hell with you?!

The Doll...Is grinning.

Morridow: Ugh!!!

The helicopter hovering at a high altitude begins its sharp plunge after losing its rotor system.

The white-haired Doll, still holding on firmly to her silver cord, is still hanging outside the helicopter.

In fact...

Thud!

Morridow: !

With a powerful kick, she launches herself closer to the cabin using her momentum.

As the out-of-control helicopter plummets horizontally, the white Doll has almost made her way into the cockpit.

Morridow: I won't let you—!!

Thud!

Before Morridow can even finish, the Doll's second blow has shattered the cabin door.

Her powerfully-built body hurtles into the cramped space with a massive impact...

And then...

BOOM!!!!

...

...

Morridow: Ugh...

After the second explosion, Morridow knows without a doubt.

She has suffered an overwhelming defeat.

In the roaring flames around them, M16's footsteps toll in Morridow's ears like death knells.

...

Morridow: Haha...

Seemingly resigned to her fate, Morridow turns around to face the approaching Doll, whose pale hair is dyed blood red by the blaze behind her.

Morridow: I remember now... You're the last T-Doll of the AR Team...

M16A1: ...

Morridow is about to speak again, but M16 knocks her out with a single punch.

M16A1: ...Another fake.

After scooping her target into her arms, M16 takes another look around and finally sets her eyes in the direction of the warehouse.

M16A1: ...I suppose it's time.

...

ST AR-15: I'm not seeing things, am I...

M4 SOPMOD II: That...That's...

Commander: ...It's M16.

UMP45: She's fast.

416: You bastard... I knew it.

Boom!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Th-the helicopter has crashed!

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's make our way over there!

Commander: Hold on! Look at the warehouse!

Khaybar: ...!!

As the gate of the warehouse slowly opens, a pungent stench of blood wafts out from within. On both sides of a large freighter, Nytos soaked in spilled blood are busy assembling a gigantic weapon never seen before.

Their intention is obvious—to clear all obstacles on the runway.

RO635: ...Are they planning to fight to the bitter end?

UMP45: Looks like it... They've wasted a lot of time dealing with those Germans.

At the sight of the White Faction standing in formation, the Commander clenches their fists.

Commander: RO, prepare for battle!

RO635: W-what about M4?!

Commander: ...Leave that to M16. Trust her.

Commander: Right now, we've got to do our part—we must stop these weapons from leaving Germany at all costs.
Part 10: -48-3-14.txt

    10chevron_right

...

When the battle is over, there is also no sign of the storm anymore.

416: The cargo is here.

UMP9: Schön！

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh!

Just then, SOP-II looks outside the warehouse and lets out a joyous yelp.

ST AR-15: M16... M4?!

A familiar figure slowly strolls up to the group with strong lights shining from behind.

With M4 hanging on one arm, she tosses the other escapee onto the ground.

UMP45: ...

M16A1: ...All taken care of.

She first meets UMP45's eyes and offers her a little wave.

But UMP45 just turns away instantly as if she didn't see the gesture.

M16 doesn't seem all that bothered and simply turns to look at the Commander, who's standing closest to her.

Commander: ...

The Commander has been staring at her ever since she swaggered into the warehouse.

They look like they have quite a lot to say, but they don't know where to start now that she is standing here in person.

M16A1: ...Why are you all looking at me like that?

Returning everyone's dumbfounded gaze, M16 shrugs and breaks the ice with a smile.

M16A1: Do I have something on my face?

M4 SOPMOD II: M... M16!!

Awkwardness all forgotten, SOP-II lunges at M16A1.

The latter sidesteps the eager embrace without twitching a single muscle on her face, causing SOP-II to catch nothing but air.

M16A1: Who's going to take this little princess off me? Doesn't look like she's about to wake up any time soon.

ST AR-15: ...Oh!

ST AR-15 finally shakes herself out of her frozen state of shock and rushes up to take the unconscious M4 from M16.

M16A1: She's very weak and will need to sleep for a while.

Commander: You...

The Commander, bursting with questions, opens their mouth, but in the end, all the questions just get lodged in the back of the their throat.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 looks up at M16.

Right now, she is physically the closest to her. She just can't fathom why her friend is always like this.

She never fails to pick a timing that makes it hard for people to admonish her whenever she leaves or returns.

Why did she leave them behind? Why did she abandon M4?

...But from the moment she rescued M4, 15 no longer has the right to begrudge her for that.

ST AR-15: ...You asshole.

She tightens her grip on M4 and shoots daggers at M16.

RO635: ...

RO635 is also staring at M16.

...Like ST AR-15, she is struggling to rein in her raging emotions.

M16 is back. Her return makes RO feel confused, puzzled, suspicious, doubtful.

But all these emotions are overshadowed by joy. She must admit... She is incredibly glad to see M16 again, and she welcomes her wholeheartedly.

Commander: ...Welcome back.

M16A1: Thanks.

Returning the Commander's ambivalent gaze, M16 just smiles faintly.

The smile takes the Commander right back to the original Griffin base two years ago.

M16A1: ...

...Only when M16's smile turns into a grimace does the Commander return to the present.

Her white hair suddenly looks very strange and jarring.

Commander: What on earth... Happened to you afterwards?

M16A1: Forget it... It's not worth mentioning.

Surrounded by the AR Team, M16 walks up to the Commander.

She looks at the Commander and puts a hand on their shoulder.

M16A1: Thank you for everything.

Commander: ...

The Commander takes a deep breath.

Commander: Welcome home.

M16A1: ...

M16 chuckles awkwardly at the Commander's open arms, but still goes in for a hug obligingly.

She lets go after a brief moment.

M16A1: To be honest... I'm really not used to this.

M4 SOPMOD II: M16! I want a hug too!!

M16A1: Uh... Hold on, you're heav...

RO635: (Sobs)

RO635 can't hold herself back any longer and also wraps her arms tightly around M16 as well.

ST AR-15: ...

Watching her two friends, ST AR-15 takes a deep breath, as if to steel herself for some kind of embarrassment.

M16A1: What... Not you too? You're not the type for this kind of thing... No, wait! This is getting too heavy!

ST AR-15: I don't care. You deserve it.

M16A1: Wait... Tsk!

Watching the AR Team all squeezed in a tight embrace, the Commander lets out an amused chuckle.

...There are still a lot of questions they want to ask, but right now, for both the Commander and the AR Team, nothing matters more than this precious moment spent together with friends.

...

...

...

???: ...The cargo is stuck within the border.

???: Can the "fireworks" go off according to schedule?

In a dark office, a man tabs his cigar and picks his words carefully as he drawls in a low and husky voice.

Oberstein: ...Of course.

Oberstein: It will be exceptionally bright and dazzling... We will make sure the whole world gets to see the amazing spectacle tonight.

???: Alright.

After the call, Oberstein puts out the cigar. He rises from his chair and turns around to look out the window.

With a commanding view over half of Berlin, he silently beholds its splendor.

Oberstein: ...This place...

Oberstein: ...Belongs only to us.

He murmurs as he overlooks the city in the dark.

Like a demon lurking in the shadows.

Inside the Paradeus base.

Mrs. Gray: ...

With a sigh, Gray puts the report she is holding back on the table.

Mrs. Gray: What a surprise. To think Teacher would actually lose twice.

Grig: ...

Grig stands quietly by Gray's side. She does not seem particularly bothered by this failure.

Mrs. Gray: ...I know what you're going to say, Darling.

Mrs. Gray: But this failure was a failure of Paradeus as a whole, and not of myself or Teacher in particular.

Grig: ...I simply hope that you will gain more.

Mrs. Gray: Thank you.

Gray's expression softens.

Mrs. Gray: You must learn to be patient, Grig.

Mrs. Gray: Father's cause and the future of Paradeus are the ultimate goal of everything we do, and failure will not be tolerated.

Grig: ...Right.

Grig nods obediently and concedes the point.

Grig: They've taken the weapons. It will be harder to regain the initiative going forward.

Gray nods thoughtfully, and taps on the table with her other hand.

Mrs. Gray: ...However, we still have a trump card, don't we?

Mrs. Gray: How is her examination going?

Grig: I disassembled her body and found no abnormalities. She has already been reassembled.

Grig: Her neural cloud cannot be analyzed for the moment. For safety's sake, I feel we should keep her in solitary confinement.

Mrs. Gray: Oh, don't be so jealous, Grig.

Mrs. Gray: Since we cannot read her heart, why don't we have her prove herself again?

Grig: ...

Grig: ...I understand.

In J's home.

Shadowless: ...One of Galatea's contractors was shot in his own home. Police are still...

J: ...Tsk.

Annoyed, J turns off the TV and buries his head in his hands.

Those eyes have been staring at him all this while, and nothing he does can ease the frustration he feels.

J: Hey! How long are you going to stay here, anyway?!

Unable to bear it anymore, he shouts at the Doll seated on the chair.

Mona: Frau Romy ordered me to monitor your every move, Agent J.

Mona: As my neural cloud has only just been repaired, this also counts as a form of rehabilitation. I seek your understanding, Agent J.

J: But that doesn't mean you need to LIVE in my house as well, right?

J: I don't have anything to feed you!

Mona: For me, eating and drinking are simply accessory functions of the "Uncanny Valley Protocol".

Mona: There is no need to worry; my operational efficiency will not be affected even if I do not take in nutrients.

J: ...

Multiple expressions flash across J's face as he struggles to contain himself. In the end, he gives up.

He stands up from the sofa—

Mona: Where are you going, Agent J?

J: The bathroom! You want to follow me inside?!

Mona: ...I see.

Mona nods then she gets to her feet as well.

J: Are you SERIOUSLY going in there with me?!

Mona: I will be waiting outside for you.

J: ...

With Mona following him closely, J storms into the bathroom and slams the door.

Mona looks around, then pulls up a small chair and sits at the door of the bathroom.

...

J: I bet her brain isn't fully fixed yet...

After a brief bout of griping, J lowers the toilet lid and sits on it, then takes out his other communicator hidden underneath his clothes.

J: ...Humph, it's not over yet.

Apparently, the Commander intercepted that weapons shipment.

J: That woman... probably wanted this to be the end of the whole business.

J: Most likely some bigwig is involved, that's why she keeps hiding things. But don't think I'm going to stop here...

After making up his mind, J dials a familiar number on his communicator.

Click.

The call goes through.

Nele: Agent J?

...This is the last card he can play.

He needs to learn more from Nele.

Nele: ...What a coincidence, I was just about to call you.

J: What's up?

Nele: That Umruss... Did you kill him?

J: ...Of course not, but I was there when he died.

Nele: ...Agent J, you're a Stasi agent and I cannot possibly have a worse impression of you than I do now, so there's no need to be evasive.

J: Dammit woman, I told you, I didn't do it!!!

Knock knock knock—

Mona: Is something the matter, Agent J?

J: I'm fine! Are you going to nag me for talking to myself?

Mona: ...Alright.

Nele: Are you on a date? If you are, then I'll contact you later...

J: No! Don't!

J deliberately lowers his voice.

J: I'm calling you on serious business.

J: Could you help me look up...

Nele: I already did.

J: But I haven't even said anything...

Nele: I found more information about Umruss.

J: ...Huh?

Nele: I managed to grab a keycard with greater access and searched for more information.

Nele: The system doesn't have any records of transport destinations, but I found a set of coordinates, which probably correspond to a factory. I don't know what the factory is for, but I think you ought to check it out.

J: Well done, Frau Nele! You're an old hand at this now!

J is so excited that he almost forgets to keep his voice down.

Nele: I'm going to take responsibility for the Idunn thing.

Nele: I was wrong for not taking your advice beforehand.

Nele's voice sounds a bit different than usual.

J: ...I'm not really used to hearing you speak like that.

Nele: ...

J: Did something happen?

Nele: ...I'll tell you once this is all taken care of.

J: It's not like you to stumble over your words.

Nele: ...

Nele hangs up on him from the other end of the connection.

J: ...I just have the worst luck with women today.

J: Ugh, forget it. We can get back to work now that we have new information.

...

In a safe house on the outskirts of Berlin.

Khaybar: We'll let the Earl take care of those weapons. Will that be alright, Commander?

Commander: Yeah, I'll leave it to you.

Khaybar salutes, then turns to leave.

However, a strange awkwardness lingers inside the safe house. RO and the other Dolls crowd nervously around the bed, watching the still-unconscious M4 uneasily.

M16A1: Why are you all so tense, anyway?

M16 sits in the corner of the room, looking very relaxed.

ST AR-15: ...M4 hasn't woken up yet and you're asking us why we're tense?

M4 SOPMOD II: 16! When will M4 wake up?!

M16A1: ...Do you really think that's M4?

ST AR-15: What do you mean?

M16 opens a pack of compact food and munches on them as she looks up at ST AR-15.

M16A1: I understand that you're concerned about her, but don't let your feelings overrule your rationality.

M16A1: She isn't M4 at all.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, 16, I don't think you know, but!

M4 SOPMOD II: She may look like someone else, but she's really M4 on the inside!

M16A1: No, she's not... At least, she's not the one we're looking for.

M16A1: She IS M4, but at the same time she isn't.

Commander: What does that mean?

M16A1: Exactly what I said.

ST AR-15: And how do you know that?

M16A1: I've spent a long time searching for M4... Longer than you can imagine. I can tell the difference, but actually explaining it is a bit of a pain.

M16A1: More importantly, you ought to think about how to deal with that woman.

Commander: They're both matters of great concern to us.

Commander: I'll deal with Morridow—I don't need or expect to gain any more information from her.

Commander: As for M4... No matter what you might think, she's still part of the team, and a member of the AR Team.

M16A1: You haven't changed a bit, Commander.

Commander: ...Are you really not going to rejoin the AR Team?

Commander: Everyone here is willing to accept you.

Commander: We'd welcome you back.

M16A1: No, at least one person wouldn't.

Commander: Who?

M16A1: Myself.

Commander: ...

M16 stretches her legs, then gets up from her chair and dusts herself off.

M16A1: Aw, don't look so sad. I told you, didn't I? For the time being, I'm at your disposal.

Commander: What does that mean?

M16A1: ...I'll have to go sooner or later.

Commander: ...

M16A1: I came to Berlin with a mission of my own.

M16A1: I'll stick with you until I receive further orders.

M16A1: On the flip side, it means I'll leave once there's progress on my mission.

Commander: ...I see.

Beep beep beep.

UMP45: Sorry to interrupt your conversation, but this is urgent—we've got news.

Commander: What news?

UMP45: We just got word from Agent J.

Commander: J?

UMP45: It's a set of coordinates.

Commander: Have you checked them?

UMP45: It's a plant on the outskirts of Berlin. Classified stuff, unauthorized personnel are strictly forbidden to enter, that sort of thing.

Commander: ...Yet another Paradeus den.

UMP45: J claims that this place was very important, but he's been suspended from duty and he's having trouble slipping his minder.

UMP45: He arranged to meet us there.

Commander: ...I see. Got it.

Commander: Well, let's move out. The mission isn't over yet.

Inside the command center in the heart of the base, Carter is sitting at a desk and adjusting the frequencies on a radio.

Adjutant: General Carter...

The adjutant can't resist the urge to speak up as he watches Carter's unhurried movements from beside him.

Adjutant: Are we really going to do this?

Carter: Are you scared, adjutant?

Adjutant: No, of course not. However, I do not understand the rationale behind this course of action. Are we really going to work together with those people?

Carter: ...

After ensuring the channel is correct, Carter leans back in his chair and interlaces his fingers.

Carter: The basis of cooperation is mutual trust and mutual aid.

Carter: If need be, anyone can be our friend.

Carter: This is a necessary sacrifice for the resurrection of our Motherland.

Adjutant: ...Yes.

Carter: ...Is the "Patriot" ready?

Subordinate: Ready and waiting.

Carter: Good.

Carter peers at the list of names on the desk with narrowed eyes.

Carter: Our friend... He is a dangerous politician. He will sell anything for the right price.

Carter: ...But he is exactly like us in one regard.

Carter: He loves his country dearly.

...
Part 2: -48-4-2.txt

2

At the Galatea Corporation Building.

Inside the Gray Biotechnology Research Center.

Eicher: Sorry, but the research center will not be entertaining interviews for the... Wait, Nele?

After seeing who the visitor is, the researcher who's still in the labs exclaims in surprise.

Nele: Good evening, Herr Eicher.

Nele: I need to apologize, I was too rash last night.

Eicher: Don't worry about it, everyone's like that when they first start out.

Eicher: Back then, I was really impulsive and hot-blooded too.

Nele: ...I arranged a meeting with Mrs. Gray here, but I came a little early.

Nele returns to her former place and sits down, as though it were the most natural thing in the world.

Eicher: I see, it must be about your termination.

Eicher: Now that everyone's being processed, I guess it should be my turn soon.

Nele: Hm, I haven't thought about where I'll be going next.

Nele looks at him and while she keeps the conversation going, she quickly switches on her own computer.

Eicher: Didn't Iverson mention a research institute in Bremen last time? Are you interested?

Nele: ...Bremen's too far away...

Nele: I prefer Berlin.

Though her heart is pounding, Nele does her best to keep her expression perfectly neutral. After all, she needs to plug a hard disk in while Eicher is watching...

Save the evidence... She needs to save the evidence...

Eicher: But it shouldn't matter where you go since you're so young, right?

Nele: I think being in Berlin will be more relaxing.

Eicher: Fair enough, to each their own.

Beepbeepbeep...

Access granted...

Copying files...

Eicher: Speaking of which, how many months of salary are you going to ask for?

Nele: Oh, I... I haven't considered that question.

Eicher: Huh? Aren't you here to discuss your severance bonus?

Nele: ...What I mean is, I didn't think about asking for extra severance pay.

Nele: I'll take whatever Mrs. Gray gives me!

Eicher: What?! If you don't ask about it, she'll only give you the minimum required amount in your contract!

Eicher: Considering we all worked less than a year here, in theory it means we won't get much.

Nele: Say what?! Less than a year...? So none of you have been working here for more than a year?

Eicher: That's right. Iverson's been around the longest, but even he only joined last November.

Nele: ...Herr Eicher, when you joined the company, you knew what the research direction was, right?

Eicher: Of course.

Nele: But this institute has been around for years... What about our previous seniors?

Eicher: Well, I heard that their incompetence got them all...

...

Eicher: Ah, Mrs. Gray!

Eicher: Nele, which room were you going to use for your meeting?

Nele: ...

The progress bar is at 87%... Nele is so tense that her face is turning red.

She slowly turns around...

Nele: Mrs. Gray.

Gray is standing at the doorway. She narrows her eyes as she looks at Nele, and smiles.

Mrs. Gray: Eicher, would you mind stepping outside for a moment? I have something to discuss with Nele.

Eicher hurriedly nods and practically runs out of the room.

Mrs. Gray: It's been a while, Nele.

As she looks at Gray's inscrutable smile, Nele works up her courage.

Nele: Mrs. Gray, the first time we met, you once told me...

Nele: Skills are secondary; morality is paramount.

Mrs. Gray: That's what we tell outsiders, but in the industry, people will only pay for your skills, and not your sense of ethics.

Nele: You knew very well that Idunn couldn't be used for human trials after changing the research direction, right?

Mrs. Gray: It's true, I should have informed you earlier. I've already taken care of that refugee brain death incident. You won't be taking any of the blame.

Nele: ...You once went to many refugee districts, where you conducted trials of Idunn.

Mrs. Gray: It was all legal.

Nele: Even if Idunn passed the pharmacological trials, the fact is that for those suffering from ELID, its growth factors accelerate the spread of infected cells.

Nele: Mrs. Gray, this is murder!

Mrs. Gray: No, this is salvation.

Mrs. Gray: The only way to cure ELID is with the patient's own immunoproteins.

Nele: ...But nobody has developed immunity so far!

Mrs. Gray: Those people didn't make the grade. They were too weak.

Mrs. Gray: Once we select for a satisfactory immunosome, we will have truly succeeded in developing the cure for ELID.

Nele: Does everyone in this lab approve of your madness?

Mrs. Gray: I thought you were a smart one. As long as the experiments succeed, your name will be in the history books.

Nele: And what about the people who died to make it happen?

Mrs. Gray: ...Every advance in humankind's history has been accompanied by sacrifice.

Mrs. Gray: It is the price that we must pay.

To Nele, the fact that Gray can so casually utter the word "sacrifice" is both incredibly offensive and insulting.

Nele: ...Who ARE you, Mrs. Gray?

Mrs. Gray: ...

Nele: Medicines were created because people couldn't just leave their sick friends for dead!

Nele: Humans aren't like wild beasts, they can't just abandon, slaughter and cannibalize their fellows who can't find food! That's why we help them to find medicine and ease their suffering!

Mrs. Gray: ...

Nele: EVERYONE is weak in the face of illness.

Nele: And we will all become weak some day.

Nele: That's why we need to treat the development of every serum, every medicine with the utmost respect!

Mrs. Gray: ...

Nele: How could the woman standing before me be the same one who told me that before?

Nele: To think you could just dismiss people's pain and suffering as "sacrifice" so casually... "Old Pete" is still in St. Marien-Hospital right now, and my conscience is plagued day and night because of that. Mrs. Gray, how could you "take care" of that? How DID you "take care" of it, anyway?

Nele: Your heart once beat with compassion, Mrs. Gray.

Nele: But as you are now, I doubt you even have a heart...

Mrs. Gray: ...I don't have such a weakness, of course.

Nele: ?!

A smile creeps across Gray's face. She is now buzzing with the excitement of a predator sighting prey.

The stinger hidden behind her back slowly reveals itself, reaching out toward the impudent girl.

Nele: You...

Mrs. Gray: I can't believe this is where I slipped up...

Mrs. Gray: We were short-handed back then, so I thought using someone with an empty CV like you wouldn't be a problem.

Mrs. Gray: But it's plain to see there is nothing else for us to talk about, isn't that so?

Nele: ...

Gray smiles in amusement.

Mrs. Gray: Didn't you want to know who I was?

Nele: ...I think I have a rough idea.

Mia approaches the bedroom, carrying a tray that is heaped with a much bigger helping of dinner than usual. She calls out in a coaxing voice.

Mia: Nele, it's time to eat.

Mia: ...Please don't be mad, I stopped you from going for your own good.

Mia: Why don't we have dinner? I made pasta and your favorite cream of mushroom soup.

There is no sound at all from behind the door. Nele still seems to be sulking.

Wait... no sound at all?

Mia: ...Nele?

Realizing that something is wrong, Mia puts the dinner tray on the nearby side table and fishes out her key to unlock the door.

Mia: —Nele?!

The window in the empty room is wide open. The curtains and bedsheets aren't in their original places; they have been tied into a rope which dangles outside the window.

Mia: ...N-Nele!!!

Mia runs out of the room, and in her panic, she knocks the tray on the side table over.

The sticky mushroom soup and the spaghetti bolognese spill onto the floor.

J slowly exits the bathroom in high spirits, even humming a tune.

J: ...

J: ...Urgh! Why are you still at the door?

Mona: You were in there for 36 minutes and 47 seconds, Agent J. Are you unwell?

J: Please don't keep annoying records like that.

J: I simply spaced out in there because I didn't want to see you.

Mona: But—

Knock knock knock.

Mona: —!

Alarmed, Mona springs to her feet and tightens her grip on her gun, before turning to look at the doorway from which the knocking came.

Mona: ...An unsolicited visit. Please wait here, Agent J, I'll go get the door.

J: Wait, that ought to be...

Mona ignores J's attempts to stop her and walks up to the door with her gun ready before carefully opening it.

RPK-16: Hello~♪

Mona: W-what?!

As she sees the Doll outside, a yelp of surprise escapes the ever-calm Mona.

RPK-16: May I come in?

Mona: W-wait!

J: Please come in.

J: I invited her here.

Mona: You invited— Agent J, what did you do in the bathroom?!

Mona: How did you contact her? Isn't this the missing member of Task Force DEFY?

RPK-16: Please, Mr. J, you're skipping over too much.

RPK-16: I'm sorry, Miss, but in truth, I was the one who contacted Mr. J first.

Mona: You...

Mona eyes RPK-16 warily as she enters the house.

Mona: ...Why did you choose to suddenly show up now? Where did you go when that Soviet agent...When Miss Angelia disappeared?

RPK-16: I've already explained the details to Mr. J over the comm.

RPK-16: Simply put, when Ange was captured, I was outnumbered and alone, and could only operate in secret to verify the location where Ange was being held.

RPK-16: I originally wanted to contact the Commander, but I never got the chance.

J: I just received a set of coordinates leading to a certain Paradeus plant. Since Frau Silver Fox's investigation also points toward the same plant, I think we hit the jackpot this time... If nothing goes wrong, Ange is very likely to be there...Right?

RPK-16: Indeed.

Mona: ...I still find it hard to believe. This is just too rash.

Mona: I'm sorry if this offends you, RPK-16, but I find your abrupt appearance rather dubious. At the very least, I should report this to Frau Romy before deciding what to do next.

RPK-16: I understand your concern, but I can't wait that long.

RPK-16: The battlefield is ever-changing, and if we miss this opportunity, there's no telling when we'll be able to find another clue to Ange's location.

RPK-16 rummages in her tactical bag and pulls out a small object, then tosses it to J.

RPK-16: You've already given the coordinates to the Commander, haven't you?

RPK-16: If you can't make it, I don't mind going alone. As it happens, I can meet up with the Commander and the others by myself.

J catches the object RPK-16 threw to him. It feels cool against his skin.

He slowly opens his hand. The sight of the object makes his eye twitch.

Mona: "U"...

It is a cufflink engraved with the letter "U".

J: ...I'll go with you.

Mona: Agent J?!

J: Report it to whoever you want. That woman won't be stopping me even if she turns up in person.

J clenches his fist and puts the cufflink on his own sleeve.

J: I've made up my mind to do this long ago. Even if I regret it now, there's no taking it back.

Mona: Wait, what do you mean by "no taking it back?"?

Stasi Agent: Boss! You home?

Another commotion comes from the doorway. Mona looks toward it and her jaw drops; there are over a dozen Stasi agents crowding around it.

J: Did you really think I spent so long in the bathroom just to chat up Frau Silver Fox?

Mona: ...

Stasi Agent: Boss, this is everyone we could assemble.

Stasi Agent: We're with you, no matter where you go!

Stasi Agent: Yeah!

RPK-16: ...What a surprise.

RPK-16: Turns out you're quite popular, Herr J.

J: Since we're all here, let's move out.

J: We've already fallen behind, we mustn't keep the Commander waiting.

Mona: Wait... Please wait!

J: ...Frau Silver Fox, could you keep Mona quiet for a bit?

RPK-16: I can do that, but I'm not going to take responsibility for it, you know?

Mona: ...

Mona stares at the hot-blooded mob and has no choice but to shrug in resignation.

Mona: Alright, I understand.

Mona: I won't report this to Frau Romy for now.

Mona: But in exchange, I'm coming with you.

J: ...Say what?

Mona: If you must go, then I'll go with you.

Mona: My mission is to keep an eye on you and I have to carry out my mission wherever you go.

J looks at Mona, momentarily at a loss for words.

RPK-16: Won't an extra hand be better?

J: ...Whatever.

Mona: ...

Seeing as J is no longer objecting, Mona lets out a quiet sigh of relief. She turns and glances at RPK-16, who is still smiling warmly at them.

...Perhaps it's just her imagination, but she has a bad feeling about this.
Part 3: -48-4-3.txt

3

...

Khaybar: Coordinates confirmed. The destination is just ahead.

By accessing Berlin's official map archive with special clearance, the Commander and company easily found the plant that J mentioned.

Commander: ...This must be it. Stop the vehicle here, we're walking the rest of the way.

Commander: 9, please stay in the vehicle as our point of contact. Also, keep an eye on M4 and Morridow.

UMP9: Sure! Leave that to me~ ♪

Gr G11: Ugh... Can't I stay behind as well...?

416: Don't even think about it. This is where your external battery comes in useful.

ST AR-15: There's a "No Entry" sign on the fence.

UMP45: So are you just gonna pack your bags and go home?

ST AR-15: ...That's not what I mean.

ST AR-15 walks a few steps forward and cuts down a few bushes and weeds in her way with a knife.

ST AR-15: That logo up there doesn't look like Paradeus' logo. Is it a new design that I'm not aware of?

Khaybar: This is the German government's emblem.

M16A1: What's the surprise? We knew Paradeus had ties with the government all along.

RO635: Yeah, but all the facilities we've attacked before belonged to either Paradeus or Galatea.

RO635: Seeing a building that's clearly advertising its connections with the government... This is a first.

M4 SOPMOD II: Who cares?! We just have to kill all the Paradeus that we run into, right?!

Commander: ...This IS strange, but on the flip side, it also means that we've found Paradeus's actual seat of power this time.

Commander: 45, any news from J?

UMP45: Not a peep, unfortunately.

Commander: ...Should we wait for him before we move?

Commander: Honestly, even though he did say this is a key location, we don't actually know what's in there.

M16A1: ...I don't know what's in there either, but someone seems to be pretty impatient.

Commander: Hm?

The Commander's brow furrows. An indistinct noise drifts into earshot.

Commander: ...Is that coming from inside the plant?

The Commander looks up. Sounds of destruction come from inside the dark and seemingly empty building.

Commander: Someone's in there!

Commander: They're wrecking the facility!

RO635: Commander!

Commander: We can't afford to wait for him! We're going in now! Hurry!

...

J: ...What a barren piece of land.

RPK-16: This just goes to show what's so special about this base. I was quite surprised when I first found this place as well.

Mona: A metal fence... We don't have permission to enter the premises, do we?

Stasi Agent: J, is the fence ahead cut open?

J: You're right. There's quite a large opening.

RPK-16: Oh, that was my doing. I created the opening when I first came and scouted out the place.

J: I see... So you've been here before?

RPK-16: Just to take a quick look around outside the plant. Since I was operating alone, it would be difficult to escape if I got spotted by the people inside.

J: That's true. In that case, let's make this quick and go in right away.

Mona: Hold on.

Mona: Aren't you going to wait for the Commander?

RPK-16: They've probably gone in already. I'm seeing some tracks here.

Mona: But the plant is quiet as a tomb... More importantly... Agent J, are you sure these are the coordinates?

Mona: I don't have clearance to access the map archive, but this doesn't feel right... Maybe we should double-check just to be sure?

J: What exactly do you mean?

Mona: ...I think we shouldn't charge in recklessly.

RPK-16: Are you done yet?

RPK-16: If you're worried, I can go on ahead and check out the place while you stay here.

J: No, no need for that. We'll go in together.

Mona: Agent J!

J: Jacques, bring someone to scout out the east and check the surroundings.

J: You've brought a detonator, right? Rig the explosives along the perimeter 50 meters away. That will stop any pursuers when we withdraw.

Stasi Agent: Understood!

J: Bauer, come here.

J: I need you to set up a temporary radio station here.

J: We have no idea what's going on in there; normal comms could be intercepted and monitored.

J: Check with the others. We need a restricted and encrypted comm link.

Stasi Agent: Roger!

J: Once we're in, maintain 3-4-3 formation and watch each other's blind spots.

J: I know you're all itching to take down some big fish, but their firepower could be ten times more superior.

J: Besides, we're about to enter their territory. If we start exchanging fire, I need a route of retreat immediately.

J: We'll be using the same code system and p2p comms.

J: Etch the mission objective into your brains—find the rescue target, Angelia.

Agents: Yes, sir!

J: ...Happy?

Mona: ...

Mona has no more reason to object to the mission. She nods.

Mona: Then please lead the way, Miss RPK-16.

RPK-16: This way.
Part 4: -48-4-4-point1.txt

4

RO635: Commander, the layout and atmosphere of this plant somehow feel different from the previous ones.

ST AR-15: It feels more like a military factory.

Commander: Search carefully. We might find evidence of Paradeus' collusion with other forces.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander...

M4 SOPMOD II: A Paradeus unit is mopping the floor over there...

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: No, it's erasing traces on the floor!

RO635: Stop it, quick!
Part 5: -48-4-4-point2.txt

5

UMP9: 45, why are you spacing out in front of that piece of equipment?

UMP45: I'm just thinking what parts these newest machines contain.

416: Don't be so stingy. If you've got damaged parts to replace, just go to Dier.

Commander: Destroy all the equipment in here. Leave nothing for the enemy!

UMP45: Strange, isn't it? They are the same parts. When given to us, they serve the purpose of protecting humans.

UMP45: But when equipped to these machines, they become weapons that take human lives.

UMP9: 45...

Gr G11: Zzzz...

416: ...

416: Stop thinking about such nonsense. Hurry up and tear everything apart.
Part 6: -48-4-5.txt

6

Paradeus factory production line.

Thunk!

The massive white mech finally keels over. M16A1's and UMP45's eyes meet briefly over its remains.

ST AR-15: This is definitely a Paradeus combat unit. Looks like we're at the right place.

RO635: But no one else is here.

Commander: Then we can only hope—

Click.

M16A1: ...!

M16 is the first to react. She lifts her own weapon immediately.

???: Freeze.

A muzzle is pointed toward the group from within the shadow. Against so many T-Dolls, the one pistol looks almost pitiful.

But the Commander can sense great courage and determination from the figure wielding it.

Commander: Who are you?

???: I could as you the same question, stranger.

The cold female voice ignores the Commander's question. It betrays not a shred of fear even though the woman is outnumbered.

M16A1: Don't be hasty, human.

M16A1: I have ten thousand ways of cutting off your nerve reflex before you can squeeze the trigger.

???: Oh, I don't doubt that.

???: However, even if there's only a 5% chance...

???: Are you willing to wager your Commander's life? Will you wager that my bullet won't hit your Commander?

M16A1: ...

???: So answer my question—what are you doing here?

Commander: ...

...

Berlin City.

Feeling extremely anxious, Mia pulls in at the kerb in front of Gray's research center.

Mia: What...What's happening?

There is a massive crowd at the entrance of the building.

...What is going on?

Mia: Excuse me! P-please let me through!

Reporter: Stop pushing! Don't you know how to queue?

Reporter: ...A Doll? Which news agency are you with?!

Mia: No, I-I'm with one of the researchers here.

Mia: May I ask what happened in there?

Reporter: What's your rush if you're not here for the story?! We're getting news about Mrs. Gray!

Reporter: Do you have any idea how long it's been since she last appeared in front of the cameras?!

Reporter: Not to mention this is going to be a shocking exposé, and I got here first!

It's impossible to reason with this reporter, but she can't just squeeze her way through the crowd either. Mia backs away anxiously.

(Dial tone... )

(Dial tone... ... )

(Dial tone... ... ... )

Mia: Pick up... Pick up!

Mia: I beg you... Nele!

Standing at the bottom of the building, she looks up and immediately locates the floor that Nele used to work on.

The lights are on at the Gray Biotechnology Research Center.

Click.

Call disconnected. No answer.

Mia: Nele...

Mia's eyes are glued to the windows of that particular floor. She can almost feel her non-existent heart give out.

Mia: ...Please, I beg you, don't do anything stupid.

No matter what, she has to get through the crowd and find a way into the building.

Even if it's too late, she must get to Nele's side.

She has to.

...

...

...

In the silent plant, other than the occasional drop of water dripping on the floor, all is utterly still and quiet.

With RPK-16 in the lead, J and his subordinates carefully make their way into the bowels of the plant.

Even their own breathing is almost imperceptible.

J: ...

They are advancing very slowly, but not just out of caution.

J gestures wordlessly with his index and middle fingers, and the whole team come to a stop.

RPK-16: ...What is it, Mr. J?

J: ...We've been in here for five minutes, but we haven't run into anything that breathes. Isn't that odd?

J: Also... I have another question.

J swallows and drags a finger lightly over a piece of transport equipment.

It is coated in a thick layer of dust.

J: I don't mean to doubt you, but why is this familiar logo everywhere inside the plant?

RPK-16: You mean the emblem of the German Ministry of Defense?

J: ...Yes.

J gazes at RPK-16, waiting for her to give an explanation.

J: Is this really a Paradeus den?

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16 smiles as she leans in closer to J.

RPK-16: ...Why indeed, Mr. J?

RPK-16: In any case... I'm absolutely certain that this is a Paradeus den.

RPK-16: Because I saw the Nyto who captured Ange came inside with my own eyes.

RPK-16: But everywhere we look, we see traces left by your government... Why is that?

RPK-16: I'm also searching for an answer.

J: ...

J's mind starts racing.

J: ...The government has a deal with Paradeus.

RPK-16: ...Ange has always been suspicious of you lot. We thought she was being paranoid, but it would seem that's not entirely true.

J: I also suspected that some bigwigs were colluding with Galatea.

J: But I never thought it could be this serious... To think even the Ministry of Defense is involved...

Mona: ...Agent J, aren't you just reading too much into it?

J: No, this explains everything.

J: You already knew the truth behind those weapons, didn't you?

J: That's not something our Military can produce. It's got to be Paradeus tech.

RPK-16: I see...

RPK-16 looks around thoughtfully.

RPK-16: Paradeus provides its technology to the Ministry of Defense, and the government funds the manufacture of weapons in large quantities.

RPK-16: Even if this isn't their production line, it may still be a refinement plant.

J: Land from the Ministry, tech from Paradeus... This does make for the perfect hideout.

RPK-16: In the heart of this plant... Or rather, on the lower levels, that's where the real den is.

J catches on to what RPK-16 is implying and nods.

J: I bet... That's where we'll find more secrets.

RPK-16: Why don't we hit them before they have time to react?

RPK-16: If we wait till they find us, even if the Commander makes it here in time, we'll have to fight a tough battle.

RPK-16's voice is almost hypnotizing.

J: ...

RPK-16: Come with me. I know how to get to the heart of the plant.

J takes a deep breath. Then he nods and gestures at his team again.

The agents spread out on his order, each watching their assigned direction vigilantly.

RPK-16 gives J a satisfied nod and continues to lead the way.

Mona: ...

...Are things really that simple? Mona's unease grows more and more pronounced.

She shouldn't doubt RPK-16... But for some reason, this woman has a very sinister air about her that just rubs Mona the wrong way.
Part 7: -48-4-7.txt

7

...

Outside the Paradeus plant.

Like a dancer under the moonlight, the beautiful woman treads on the blood-soaked soil, leisurely walking towards her stage.

Her clothes rustle softly, like the vegetation, and the fragrance of the grass is blended with the thick stench of blood and gore.

...She is at her happy place.

Bramedb: Why... Why oh why?

Bramedb: Why do humans keep making the same mistakes, over and over again?

Stasi Agent: ...

The Stasi agents staring at her with their bloodshot eyes were supposed to be the rear guard, but they now lie scattered across the ground, utterly dead to the last.

Bramedb: Gray's new pet is surprisingly useful.

She licks the blood that stains her fingertips, and then she looks toward the plant, which is already crawling with activity.

The black shadows behind her in the treeline are like wild beasts that have scented blood, eager to pounce on the plant.

Bramedb: ...Dinnertime.

With light, graceful steps, she begins to walk.

...

Bang!

After downing the last white faction soldier, Mona steps on the corpse with the broken neck and looks back at the dumbfounded agents.

Mona: Target silenced, sweep complete. Please check the battlefield, agents.

Stasi Agent: ...Like, seriously, Boss.

Stasi Agent: Frau Mona is way stronger than us.

J: No kidding, who can possibly compete with a Doll in terms of fighting power?

J: Anyway, everyone present? Any injuries?

Stasi Agent: We're all here and nobody's hurt.

Stasi Agent: Frankly speaking, the enemy's resistance is so weak that it's kind of boring.

J: The whole place is like a dungeon... But the boss inside the last room is such a joke.

J: Yeah, I see why you'd find that underwhelming.

Mona: It's a little too easy.

Counting from the moment they entered the plant, it's taken them half an hour to get here, but only five minutes of that was spent on combat.

These people don't look like a defending garrison left behind to protect a strategic location. They didn't even need the Commander to take care of them.

Things should not have been this easy.

J: Frau Silver Fox, I think something's not quite—

J: ...Where's RPK-16?

Stasi Agent: Huh?

J: Where's that Doll dressed all in white who led us here?

The agents look at each other. That unique splash of white in this black-clad team has vanished at some point, and J did not notice this at all.

Mona: ...I don't know either. When did she disappear?

Mona frowns. She kicks away the corpse by her feet and heads toward the window. Beyond it is a massive, sprawling factory floor.

In the darkness, all she can see are massive machines sleeping quietly. There doesn't seem to be any signs of activity around.

Mona: She's not outside either.

The clouds of unease grow heavier. J plants one foot on an instrument panel and worriedly pulls out his communicator.

J: Frau Silver Fox? Frau Silver Fox? Come in, Frau Silver Fox.

J: Where are you? Please acknowledge.

...

There is no response at all.

J: ...Jacques, Bauer, do you copy? Please acknowledge.

J: What's the situation outside the plant? Do you see the Commander?

J: Jacques? Bauer?

...

There is no response to the transmission.

J: ...

Stasi Agent: ...Maybe there's no signal underground?

Mona: The equipment we're using shouldn't be affected by such a short distance.

Mona: That is, unless someone is deliberately jamming our signals, but I haven't found any traces of that.

J: We can save that for later. Right now, we need to withdraw ASAP.

J: This doesn't feel—

Mona: GET DOWN!

Mona suddenly cries out, and at almost the same moment, everyone's attention is drawn to the flame blossoming in the darkness.

Stasi Agent: Stinger missile! Take cover!

With an athletic flying tackle, Mona bears J to the ground—

In that instant, the glint of light shatters the window and engulfs the entire room in flame.

Boom!!!

...

Whum...

J's brain is racked by an intense, painful ringing in his ears.

His blurred vision slowly returns to normal, but a dark red canopy obscures half of his eyesight.

Mona: (Pants heavily)

J: ...Mona?

Mona: Agent J?! You're awake?!

J: What...Happened?

Mona: Don't speak...

J: ...What?

Bangbangbang—

Boom!!!

An explosion suddenly goes off near his ear and J's mind is instantly, forcibly pulled back to reality.

His point of view is very low down. All he can see are a pair of legs.

Someone seems to be dragging his upper body and he is slowly being towed backward.

Stasi Agent: Look out!

His subordinate's cry rings out from a high place. The crisp sound of a grenade pin being pulled is followed by an explosion from a distance.

He can see them now. Far away in the tunnel, white faction troops are rushing toward them with weapons ready.

J: ...Tsk.

As his right hand slowly regains strength, he pulls his pistol out from his waistband. J looks up and kills the white trooper running toward him with one shot.

His body is dragged behind cover. It is then that he realizes that it's Mona who's been dragging him all this time.

Mona: Can you stand?

J: (Groans) ...Yeah, yeah I can. I don't think I'm hurt—

J slowly rises to his feet while leaning against the wall for support. That's when he finally gets a good look at Mona, and he is shocked.

Her face has lost almost all human likeness, with more than half of it being exposed, gleaming metal.

The edges of what little synthetic skin that remains intact are being consumed by smoldering flames that are slowly working their way upward..

Mona: ...I'm sorry.

Mona turns her head away with a rustle, hiding her face.

Mona: I apologize if I have triggered your uncanny valley effect.

Mona: However, our main objective now is to escort you from the plant.

J: ...What happened? I remember... Urgh.

His head hurts so badly it feels like it's splitting open. J smacks and shakes it violently.

He doesn't even know what is going on... They were clearing up the scene of the battle in the main control room, then a missile hit and Mona tackled him to the ground...

J: ...

J: Where are the others? Why are you the only ones left?

Stasi Agent: ...

The two agents in front don't say a word. One of them struggles to reach his fire-blackened fingertips into his tactical vest and works a magazine free.

Stasi Agent: You'd better go, boss.

J: ...

J looks at the two men before him. Their helmets are gone, and they have forced smiles on their bloodstained faces.

J: Andre... You...

One of the men has lost a chunk from his belly and the wound is gushing blood.

He's had emergency first-aid performed on him, but one look at his pale face and J knows that it didn't do much.

Stasi Agent: I'll stay behind to accompany him.

The other man rests his gun on the ground and wipes his face.

Stasi Agent: Enemy numbers are beyond our expectations. They've already taken the entire plant.

Stasi Agent: The mission is a failure, but if we can get you out of here, at least it won't be a complete failure.

J: Don't give me that nonsense!

Infuriated, J is about to lose his temper—

But his subordinate drowns him out with an even louder shout.

Stasi Agent: BOSS!

Stasi Agent: ...Just go.

J: You...

Stasi Agent: Frau Mona, our Boss is in your hands.

Mona: ...Understood.

J: Wait, I never said—

Bangbangbang—!!

As they argue, the gunshots start up again.

On the other end of the corridor, the pursuing troops once again lay down suppressive fire on the Stasi agents' cover.

Stasi Agent: Verdammt...

The pale-faced agent pulls the pin on a grenade with his teeth and tosses it out.

Boom!

Stasi Agent: Kevin, you stupid bastard, get the hell out of here already! If you don't manage to escape, I swear my ghost will haunt the shit out of you even after I die!

Stasi Agent: NOW GO!

Bangbangbang!

The other agent braces his gun.

Mona: ...Stop standing around.

J: ...

Mona: Follow me!

J: Fuck... Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!!

J: FUCK!!!

...

Thump!

Mona encounters a Strelet blocking them at the corner, and she slams it into the wall with a shoulder tackle.

Bang!

J gets the range on the Strelet and raises his gun. The white soldier dies from a single shot before it can regain its firing stance.

Mona: (Pants)

Mona's magazine is empty. She picks up the white soldier's weapon and readies it.

J stands behind her, holding a pistol and breathing heavily. He looks at the heavily wounded Mona, exhaustion written all over her face.

...Even now, her back throws off sparks every now and then from localized short-circuits.

When she tackled J to the ground back in the control room, she took the brunt of the explosion square on her back.

J: I'm done running.

Mona: ...What did you say?

Mona stumbles and looks back at J incredulously.

J: They've already surrounded this place, so there's no point even if we leave the plant.

J: It's wilderness outside, so we won't get very far.

J: Besides, if they have any brains at all, they'll have people on watch outside.

J looks at the gun he's holding. The blood on it has clotted black.

He is certain that it's not his blood.

It's his comrades' blood.

Mona: ...

Mona takes her communicator off her belt without a word.

Mona: I'll cover you. Leave this place and find a way to contact Frau Romy—or Agent K, it's up to you.

Mona: You need to tell them what happened here and that RPK-16 has turned traitor. Otherwise, more people will fall for it.

J: ...Is that all you have to say?

Mona: Agent J...

J: "I told you so! You idiot! Moron!"

J: That's what you should be saying!

J: "It's all your fault! You got all these people killed!"

J: This is what I deserve!

Mona: ...

Tears stream down J's face, which is stained with blood and soot, making him look even more pathetic.

J: Yell at me already!

Mona: ...I would like you to take all that energy you're wasting on screaming and shouting and use it to run for your life.

J: ...

J: If only one person can get out of this alive, it has to be you.

J: I brought them here, so how could I escape when they all died in this place?

Mona: ...

Mona suddenly punches J in the gut.

J: Oof... Urgh...

The sucker punch takes J completely by surprise. He grabs his belly and looks at Mona in shock.

Mona: Are you trying to jerk me around?

Mona bends down. Without its coating of artificial skin, her face looks terrifying at this moment.

Mona: If you die here, then all of this will really have been for nothing.

Mona: It's not them you fear. You just can't face the fact that you got them all killed.

J: ...

Gazing at the speechless J, Mona tightens her grip around her gun.

Mona: ...So live on, J. Live on until you can avenge them.

J: ...But what about you?

Mona: I'll cover you.

Half a second after Mona utters those determined words, there is a massive crash near their feet.

An enormous plume of smoke pours in from outside the wall, and a tall figure waltzes into the room.

Bramedb: How touching, I think I'm about to cry.

Mona: —!!

Bramedb: We meet again, cutie.

Mona pushes J behind herself and raises the gun she's holding, eyeing Bramedb warily as the latter approaches them.

Mona: Agent J, RUN!!!

J: —!!

There is no time to think, J turns and takes off running.

Wham!

He barely makes it a few meters before he hears the sound of Mona's body slamming heavily into the wall.

J: (Pants heavily)

J: Dammit... Dammit dammit dammit!

...He never expected that he would end up like this.

Boom!!!

J: Hurgh?!

A mighty force smashes open the wall in front of him. A massive white Paradeus mech slowly strides out through the gap. Its mechanical eyes gaze coldly at the insignificant human before it.

Bramedb: Where do you think you're going?

...Bramedb has already caught up to him.

J: You mon—

Just as he raises his gun, J is sent flying through the air.

Bramedb: Now that I get a closer look, you have quite a nice face.

Bramedb: I'm sure you would make an excellent decor piece once I turn you into a taxidermy.

Bramedb peers at J with a playful smile.

J: ...I'm not in the habit of going out with corpses.

Even now, he has no intention of letting her get the last word.

Bramedb does not seem concerned by her prey's final, desperate struggles.

J: ...

His pistol... The barrel is bent.

Grenades? He isn't carrying any... God dammit, is he to be denied even the chance to die a hero's death?

J: Am I the comic relief or something...

The strength goes out of his shoulders and J chuckles bitterly... Then he sees a dark shadow suddenly leap up from the other side of the passage.

Bramedb: —!

Mona's body whirls in mid air, using the centrifugal force to drive the steel rod she's holding through Bramedb's torso.

Bramedb: —Oh my.

A controlled white soldier steps in and takes the blow in place of Bramedb.

Bramedb smiles, having negated Mona's attack without so much as moving.

Mona: ...Run...

...Now that her final attack has fallen short, inertia sends Mona rolling across the ground, where she weakly calls out to J.

Her voice has reverted to its original mechanical tone, and even her parts are crackling ominously.

Bramedb peers at Mona, and a mischievous gleam fills her eyes.

Mona: —Urgh!! Ahhh!!

J: You... What the hell are you doing?! You crazy bitch, what are you doing to Mona?!

As J watches fearfully, Mona's body suddenly jerks and twitches.

Like a puppet being pulled up by its strings, her mutilated body gains strength from parts unknown and stands itself upright.

Bramedb: I'm giving the two of you a hand~

Bramedb laughs wickedly, like she has found a beloved toy.

Mona: ...

Mona lurches shakily towards J.

J: Mona...?

Mona: Agent...J...

Mona's voice trembles, as though she is being whipped in some way.

J: ...Let go of her! What the hell are you trying to do! What do you want from me?!

Bramedb: Oh, don't get me wrong, pretty boy.

Bramedb: I have no interest in you whatsoever.

Bramedb's hands seem to be manipulating Mona's body with invisible strings.

If Mona is a puppet, then she is the puppeteer.

Bramedb: I simply want to see the face you'd make when this happens.

Mona: (Gurgles) Run... RUN!

Mona's body starts spasming again.

J: Mona!!

Mona: ...

Thick black smoke pours out of the top of Mona's head. She stumbles forward, and J hurriedly dives—and catches her.

J: You... You killed her...? You actually... You bitch! You killed her!

J stares at Bramedb in disbelief. He knows very well that a Doll's true life resides in their core.

Bramedb: Is that what you think?

Bramedb looks at J and Mona, and she licks her lips.

Mona: ...Agent J.

J: Mona?!

Mona suddenly raises her head.

Mona: Argh... AAAAARGHHHH...

She makes a strange noise.

Mona: Agent J...

J: I-I'm here... What... What is it?

Mona seems to have returned to normal for a moment and she takes J's hand in her own.

J stares at her dumbly, not knowing what has happened in the last few seconds.

Mona: I... I never got the chance to tell you, but...

Mona: Actually, since the first time I saw you...

J: ...What are you saying?

Mona's voice suddenly turns shy and timid...

But this only fills J with gut-churning terror...

Mona: What I mean is that I've always—nghaaah!!

Mona suddenly screams, then she hurriedly backpedals until her body crashes into a wall again.

She bashes her head into the wall, sending debris flying everywhere.

Mona: She... She's controlling me...

J: Mona... Mona... No... stop!

Mona: Agent J... You... You won't leave me alone, will you?

Mona: Please... don't leave me alone.

J: I won't... I'll never abandon—

Mona suddenly grabs his body.

Mona: What... What the hell are you saying?!

Mona: I told you to run...! Hurry, run...!

J: ...!!

J's eyes widen, but before he can reply, Mona bursts into tears.

Mona: Don't leave me... Agent J... I can't see...

Mona: It's dark here... So dark...

J: Enough... Enough... That's enough!!!

J wails in despair. Even though Mona is right in front of him, it is Bramedb that he is glaring at with bloodshot eyes.

Mona would never say something like that...

J: Is this what you want...? You want to see me break?

J: You're humiliating me... Humiliating Mona... Just for that...

Mona: (Chokes and gurgles)

J: Mona...

Mona: Aaaaargh!

Bramedb looks at Mona with a bit of surprise.

Bramedb: To think you could put up so much resistance. You really are something, cutie.

J: That's enough... Stop tormenting her... I'm begging you here...

J: What do you want? What do you want from me?!

Bramedb: Hm... Let me think.

Bramedb deliberately draws out her words, so J can savor Mona's painful struggles.

Bramedb: I've got it! How about this?

Bramedb: I don't want to get my hands dirty, so if you don't mind... Could you please kill yourself?

Bramedb: If you do, I'll let her go.

J: ...

Mona: Please... Agent J... It hurts...

Mona: Please... Die already...

J looks numbly at Mona.

Mona: Hurry... Hurry up and... No, no!

Mona grabs her head, and her eyes suddenly flash with a savage glint.

With all the strength she can muster, she tears out her own throat.

Mona: Don't... Give... Up...

Now that her vocal system has been physically destroyed, she can no longer speak those heart-wrenching words.

Seeing Mona in this state, J smiles sadly.

With a hysterical laugh, he pulls out his knife.

Mona watches him in despair.

Bramedb's grin widens as she follows J's movement.

Bramedb: Yes, yes, that's it. Let me see it.

Bramedb: Let me see you at your most beautiful—

The knife's edge pricks his neck... Perhaps this is what he deserves for his sins...

J: ...

Perhaps he should end it all quickly and cleanly—

—BOOM!!!

Bramedb: What—?!

J: ...?!

The sudden explosion makes J jump, causing him to almost stab his own throat.

Another grenade thrown from afar lands at Bramedb's feet and explodes.

Mona: ...

Mona's body collapses limply to the ground. J throws his knife away to pick her up.

Then a blinding light fills his vision, and he hears a familiar voice.

Commander: ...We made it.
Part 8: -48-4-9.txt

8

Some time earlier.

???: ...

Commander: ...

Romy: After scrutinizing the Commander for a while, the figure points her pistol up at the ceiling, and all traces of hostility vanish from her.

Romy: Still keeping their weapons trained on her, the Dolls stare at her in confusion.

Commander: ...You know me?

Romy: Your reputation precedes you.

The figure slowly steps out from the shadows, revealing herself as a woman in full tactical gear while holstering her pistol.

Despite having so many muzzles pointed at her, she shows no sign of fear.

Romy: Pleased to meet you, Griffin Commander.

Romy: I am Romy Riefenstahl, current chief of the Ministry for State Security of the GDR.

ST AR-15: Chief of the Stasi?

Stunned for a second, ST AR-15 lowers her weapon out of reflex.

M16 squints at Romy, her finger still poised on her trigger.

M16A1: What is the Stasi's boss doing all the way here in Paradeus' lair?

M16A1: This doesn't make much sense, does it?

Romy: If you want to talk, at least show some proper manners.

Commander: ...M16, put down your weapon.

Commander: The same goes for all of you. She means us no harm.

T-Dolls: ...

At the Commander's order, the Dolls slowly lower their weapons.

Commander: ...Now, can you please explain?

Romy: Why do you think this is Paradeus' lair?

Commander: Because...

Because J said so—the Commander is just about to give this reply when they suddenly remember that this woman is J's superior.

Commander: ...Because this place is filled with Paradeus soldiers, no?

Romy: If you hadn't come, you wouldn't have seen these soldiers.

Romy: If you hadn't seen these soldiers, you wouldn't have identified this as Paradeus' lair.

Romy easily points out the logical fallacy in the Commander's answer.

Romy: You don't want to tell me, that's okay. We were holding each other at gunpoint just seconds ago, after all.

Romy: However, I can tell you that this isn't a Paradeus factory. It's ours.

ST AR-15: Yours?

Romy: The government's.

Commander: Then these Paradeus units...

Romy: They're mercenaries—or paramilitary, whichever you prefer.

Romy: But the gist is...They are currently under my command, not Paradeus'.

Commander: In other words, the German government does actually have a cooperative relationship with Paradeus?

Romy: No comment.

Commander: ...Then why are you destroying this place?

Romy: No comment.

Commander: ...

UMP45: You don't have to ask her about that, Commander. The answer to that question is very obvious.

UMP45: The reason why they're destroying this place is you.

UMP45 cuts in at the perfect moment when the conversation comes to an awkward pause.

Commander: Me?

UMP45: Chief, if I'm not mistaken, this plant is for refining those weapons, isn't it?

UMP45: You were planning to clean up this place in secret, but much to your surprise, the one who found those weapons happened to be the Commander.

Romy: ...

UMP45: If the Commander knows, that means the Earl also knows. In fact, the weapons are currently in the Earl's possession.

UMP45: Now that the lid has been blown off, you must destroy the evidence before more secrets come to light. Since Paradeus won't destroy the evidence, the government has no choice but to step in.

Romy: ...Looks like you have a very competent informant.

Romy: Did the Earl send you to obtain more bargaining chips?

Romy's tone and expression remain unchanged, but she suddenly starts radiating menace.

Commander: No...

Commander: It was your subordinate who informed us of this location.

Commander: We agreed to meet here. His source claimed that this plant had something to do with the weapons.

Commander: We rushed over here to investigate and decided to move first upon observing unusual movements inside the plant. Then we ran into Paradeus soldiers, and you know the rest.

Commander: To be honest, we know nothing about this place.

Commander: Our only clue is that it's related to those weapons.

Romy: My subordinate... Agent J.

Romy: You're quite proactive, I'll give you that much.

Romy: I envy the Earl for having such competent people working for him.

Romy: Well, it's been a while since you entered the factory.

Romy: Why is there no sign of Agent J?

Commander: Uh... I have no idea.

Romy: ...

Romy lowers her gaze and strokes her chin in deep thought.

Romy: I didn't see anyone else the whole time I've been here.

Romy: Are you sure this is your rendezvous point?

Commander: ...J sent me the coordinates himself. He also knows that this is a factory.

Commander: There aren't any other similar buildings nearby, so he couldn't have gone to the wrong place, right?

Romy: ...

Romy looks up.

Romy: Not necessarily, Commander.

Romy: We actually have two of such plants.

Commander: Two?

The Commander's eyes widen.

...

J: ...I see.

J takes the towel offered by RO635 and buries his face into its warmth.

He wipes away the dried bloodstains and tear streaks on his face and takes a deep breath.

He survived...

But he's the only one who survived...

J: Mona... Is Mona alright?

UMP45: Don't worry. She's a complete wreck, but her core is relatively intact.

UMP45: She'll be fine with some simple repairs. She hasn't formed an Imprint with her weapon, has she?

UMP45: Honestly, you should consider working with IOP.

Romy: I will think about it.

Romy is standing off to the side, her face carefully blank.

She does not reprimand J. She simply gazes at the plant in the distance thoughtfully.

J: ...I didn't expect you two to team up.

Commander: Thank goodness Ms. Riefenstahl told us about this place, or it would've been too late.

Commander: I never would've guessed you'd be somewhere else.

J: I never thought...I'd be led to the wrong place either.

Commander: By whom?

J: RPK-16...

J tightens his grip on the towel. His eyes start burning with fury.

J: It's been her plan to lead us into a trap right from the start.

Commander: ...RPK-16? Wait, which RPK-16?

J: How many RPK-16s do you know?

Commander: Sh-she's still alive?! Wait, what about Ange?!

Commander: Hang on... She led you into a trap?! But why?!

The unexpected name sends the Commander gushing incoherently.

J: ...I don't know, and I can't wrap my head around it either.

J: I've been working with Frau Silver Fox ever since Bremen; it never once crossed my mind that she's an enemy...

J takes a deep breath, and his throat feels like it's on fire.

J: ...A lot of things didn't add up, Mona also warned me.

J: But...She brought back Light's cufflink, so I...

Commander: ...

J: ...Maybe she got hacked, or maybe Ange is being held hostage.

J: I don't know the reason, but this is the fact—RPK-16 has turned traitor, Commander.

J: If she had come to you, things would've turned out even uglier.

Commander: ...I understand.

Commander: But I have a question... Why you?

Commander: Why did she come to you? She went to all that trouble to lure you here... What's the point of having you die here?

Romy: ...

Romy uncrosses her arms and turns to look at the Commander.

Romy: I think I know.

Commander: What?

Romy: I know the point of having them die here.

J: ...?

Romy: They want to make sure we don't abandon ship.

Romy: While I'm busy cleaning up the other plant, they kill our people from the Stasi here.

Romy: With so many people dead, it would be hard to keep a lid on this.

Romy: If word got out, then this massacre, this plant...And everything else would be exposed.

Romy: It would be a massive blow to the Ministry of Defense, it could even turn the whole country upside down.

Romy: What a gambit... Paradeus.

As Romy's voice grows increasingly steely, J starts to understand the truth behind everything that has happened.

J: ...Holy Christ, now I get it.

J: I was the bait... Even if I hadn't made a move, they would've lured me here with the cufflink and some false intel.

J: It just so happens that I also have my own agenda—

J's face blanches all of a sudden.

J: Oh no! Nele!

Commander: Nele?

J: My informant—the one who gave us the coordinates.

J fumbles for his communicator and dials Nele's number.

Click...

No answer.

J: Dammit... Uh, Mia. Right, I'll try Mia...

Click...

No answer.

Commander: ...Is it bad?

J: ...Really bad.

J jumps to his feet.

J: She's been compromised. RPK-16 knows she's been feeding me information.

Commander: Where is she?

J: Come with me!

...Don't mess with me.

...You'd better not be messing with me.

J: (I can't afford to have another death on me... )

...

With J's navigation, the Commander's vehicle rushes back to the city proper.

Nele's street is very close.

However...

UMP45: ...Hold on. Stop. Something's not right.

J: W-what's the problem?

UMP45 suddenly tells RO635 to stop the vehicle. The brakes let out a shrill squeal, and the vehicle skids to an abrupt halt in the middle of the road, straddling two lanes.

UMP45: This looks strange. The area seems to have been emptied out...

UMP45 gets out first and scans the dark and empty street warily.

RO635: ...Our signals are being jammed. There's interference in the entire area.

J: That sounds familiar.

J's heart is hammering in his chest...

Nele's apartment block is just ahead...

Nothing has happened yet. They got here in time. They can still make it...

ST AR-15: ...What's that?

ST AR-15 points at a certain window on the apartment block.

Commander: ...Smoke! It's smoke! There's a fire!

J: !!

J has seen this before—the day when Ange's apartment came under attack...

This is exactly like what happened that day.

ST AR-15: They're making a move! They're there!

J: Nele... No... No no no no no...!!!

J suddenly dashes towards the entrance of the apartment block like a madman.

Commander: Wait! Dammit! Go after him!
Part 9: -48-4-11.txt

9

Foom!

The window reflects a roaring blaze, replacing the blackness of night with the scorching red sky.

J: Pfagh... (Coughs heavily)

J: Wait, get...Get off me!

ST AR-15: Are you out of your mind?!

ST AR-15: A human would die in this fire!

ST AR-15 drags J out of the building by force. The Commander rushes over to him.

Commander: J!

J: Let me go... Let me go!

J: Please, I'm begging you... Nele...Nele is still in there!

Commander: Calm down!

UMP45: The signal interference has been neutralized and I've informed the fire department and the police.

UMP45: They ought to be here soon.

J: (Pants and coughs)

Having inhaled smoke, J shrugs off ST AR-15's hands and keeps muttering to himself in a daze as he looks up at the apartment, which is burning merrily.

ST AR-15: ...

It isn't just him. The fire is too much even for the Dolls.

Another piece of glass is shattered. A dark figure bursts out of the apartment window, landing firmly on the ground.

M16A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: 16!

M16 dusts off the small sparks on her and shrugs.

M16A1: ...Might as well give up. I'm pretty damn certain there are no survivors in there.

J: ...

J stares blankly at Nele's floor, where the fire started.

J: ...It's all my fault.

Commander: ...

The Commander does not console him.

It is precisely because they feel the same way that they know that there is no consoling him.

J: "I'm going to take responsibility for this Idunn thing."

J: Why should she take responsibility...?

J: She's not an agent or a soldier, she wasn't even involved in this whole business.

J: All of us are prepared to die, but she wasn't. She was just an ordinary person that I dragged into this mess!

J: She was so young, and she wouldn't have done something this dangerous if not for me...

J: I used her... I used her idealism...

J: She was just a civilian...

Commander: J...

J: God, I've had it... What the hell am I even doing...?

In the furthest reaches of pain, J suddenly bursts into creepy laughter.

J: ...

On either side of J, the much-delayed firefighters rush to put out the blaze.

His surroundings grow noisier and noisier, but his mind drifts further and further away.

First it was his subordinates, then Mona, and now Nele.

He's always making someone else pay the price in his place...

Making them pay the price for his recklessness and presumption...

Commander: J...

...There is no hope in J's eyes.

J: ...

J puts a hand on a nearby lamp post as he feels a sudden, intense surge rising from his gut, into his throat—

J: (Heaves)

All the suppressed trauma he's accumulated up till now comes gushing out in this moment of mental breakdown.

???: Hey.

J: ...Leave me alone.

A hand rests on his shoulder...

Someone is patting him.

J: ...I said, leave me alone.

J: Give me some peace and quiet...

???: What do you mean?

???: Why are you throwing up on my doorstep...

J: I told you to leave me alo—?!

Unable to bear it anymore, J jerks his head back in anger, and just as he's about to launch into a tirade—

Nele: ...

J's eyes go wide in utter disbelief.

J: ...Nele?

J: Commander, I think I'm hallucinating.

Nele: ...Are you stupid or something?

Nele: I liked you better when you were a jerk...

J: What...The hell is going on?

...

Mrs. Gray: Didn't you want to know who I was?

Nele: ...I think I have a rough idea.

Mrs. Gray: To think you would be sharper than everyone else here.

Nele: I knew it... You're not Mrs. Gray after all.

Nele smiles in relief and meets Gray's gaze fearlessly. In fact, she's almost emboldened by it.

Nele: Thank goodness.

Nele: All this time, I didn't know how I'd confront you about this, but now, I'm relieved.

Nele: That's the "Technical Theory of Biological Human Automation", isn't it?

Mrs. Gray: You really are a bright one.

Mrs. Gray: I'm proud of my eye for talent.

Nele: I see. That field of research is practically forbidden.

Nele: Your very existence is an ethical violation.

Nele takes a step back and quickly unplugs the hard disk she connected to the PC.

Database 100% complete.

Mrs. Gray: Do you think you can walk out of here with that?

Nele: If you kill me now, what will Eicher think? He's right outside. He saw me meet you here with his own eyes.

Mrs. Gray: That will be my problem.

Gray calmly sizes up the girl in front of her.

Mrs. Gray: If I'd known you cared so much about this woman, I would have reunited the two of you long ago.

Mrs. Gray: Since you've earned my recognition, you have three sentences before you die.

Nele: That's nowhere near enough—

Hard disk in hand, Nele takes a few steps back until she nears the window, where she suddenly lets go of it. The hard disk slides down a pipe into a densely-packed region of vegetation.

Mrs. Gray: Looks like the police will be coming by to issue us a ticket for high-rise littering.

Mrs. Gray: But don't worry, I will be very happy to retrieve that item.

Mrs. Gray: You have two sentences left.

Nele: If I were you, I'd retrieve that hard disk now.

Mrs. Gray: There's no rush.

Nele: In just a few minutes, the main entrance will be surrounded by reporters, here to interview Mrs. Gray, the chairwoman of Galatea Corporation, who's been incommunicado for a long time.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Nele: Looks like I have your attention. May I?

Mrs. Gray: Interesting. I'm lifting the limit. Proceed.

Nele: I know that amount of time is more than enough for you to silence me, but is it really enough for you to hide my body?

Nele: And then there's that evidence which has fallen somewhere on the grounds.

Nele: While I don't know why, you've been trying to stay off the news recently, am I right?

Mrs. Gray: ...You've got guts.

Nele: I simply want to live.

Nele: I want to live, so that I can make sense of all this.

Nele gulps.

Mrs. Gray: I was right about you, Nele.

Mrs. Gray: You aren't just intelligent, but talented too.

Gray smiles at Nele, and an almost imperceptible sound comes from behind her.

In a Stasi interrogation room.

Nele: ...What happened next? Well, a horde of reporters poured into the building.

Nele: I met Mia when I was going downstairs and she kept me safe until we got outside. I wouldn't have made it otherwise.

Nele: I knew that woman wouldn't let me go—I wasn't stupid enough to go home.

K: Smart. Almost too smart.

K puts away his notepad and gives Nele a thumbs up.

K: You're certainly much smarter than someone I know.

Nele: Who do you mean?

K: Oh, it's nothing. We understand the situation now.

K: Thank you for your contribution to the security of the State. The Stasi will be taking charge of your personal safety from now on.

K: We will not let your life come under any danger.

Nele: I'll be counting on you, then... Frankly speaking, my legs are still trembling, even now.

Nele: Still, it's not too bad. I'll have to find a new apartment, but I didn't lose too much.

After he finishes taking her statement, K soothes Nele again and leaves the interrogation room with his notepad.

Outside the interrogation room, J is pacing back and forth restlessly. The moment he sees K, he immediately rushes up to him.

J: ...

K: I truly did not expect to be called back because of something like this.

K slaps the notepad into J's chest, his face filled with exasperation.

J: ...

J: ...I'm sorry, I screwed up really badly.

In a rare turn of events, J makes no rebuke. Instead, he takes the document without a word.

K takes in J's pensiveness and pats him on the shoulder.

K: Don't take it too hard.

K: At least the girl's still alive, isn't she?

J: Yeah.

J takes a deep breath.

J: ...And thank God for that.
Part 10: -48-4-12.txt

10

In the nation's seat of power, the lights are on day and night.

Without even taking off her tactical gear, Romy rushes into an office.

Romy: General—

Schweinsteiger: Yes, yes, of course.

Inside the office, Schweinsteiger holds up a hand to silence Romy while still smiling into the camera of his communicator.

Schweinsteiger: Rest assured... We will take care of this business.

Schweinsteiger: That's right, I know very well who my real friends are.

Schweinsteiger: I look forward to our fruitful cooperation.

Schweinsteiger: ..."Earl".

Call ended.

Romy: ...Earl?

Schweinsteiger: (Sighs)

General Schweinsteiger puts down his communicator with a sardonic chuckle. The ashtray in front of him is filled with countless cigarette butts, many of which are still partially lit.

Schweinsteiger: Good news, I hope?

Schweinsteiger: Please tell me you have already buried the skeletons in our closet.

Romy: Indeed. Both production lines have been taken care of.

Romy: Not a single piece of scrap will remain by daylight.

Schweinsteiger: (Exhales) Well done.

Schweinsteiger clasps his hands together.

Schweinsteiger: If the Soviet and the agents actually died in there...

Schweinsteiger: I would've to take the blame and resign when they leak the story to the press.

His smile turns even more bitter at the only good piece of good news he's had so far.

Schweinsteiger: Alright, at least we've managed to keep the roof from crashing down on us.

Schweinsteiger: Who cares about windows anyway?

Romy: ...

Romy says nothing and glances silently at the communicator that Schweinsteiger just switched off.

The fact that he had to contact the Earl directly is proof enough that the situation is terrible.

After all...To this superior of hers, having to do anything that reveals his standpoint comes at a heavy price.

Schweinsteiger: ...I heard your subordinate had been doing the Earl's trusted underling quite the favor?

Romy: Apologies. I should've kept a better eye on him.

Schweinsteiger: Oh no, you misunderstand.

Schweinsteiger: No need to be so nervous, Romy. You know I trust you.

Romy scrutinizes Schweinsteiger's face and takes a seat at the desk opposite him—she has a feeling this is going to be a long conversation.

Schweinsteiger: In fact, that young one has also done us a huge favor, isn't that right?

Schweinsteiger: If it hadn't been for these unexpected developments, we might have lost the cargo for good.

Schweinsteiger: Do you know what that means, Romy?

Romy: We'll have to "thank" him.

Schweinsteiger: Exactly... Since we now owe the Earl, we must express our gratitude.

Schweinsteiger: But here comes the problem—what should I do about Minister Oberstein?

Romy: ...

Romy pauses for a moment.

Romy: ...If I were you, I would be furious.

Schweinsteiger: ...Oh?

Schweinsteiger narrows his eyes at Romy's reply.

Romy: You're an old hand, and the Premier trusts you.

Romy: You have no enemy within the party, and you're friends with almost everyone on the three frontmost benches in the Volkskammer.

Schweinsteiger: You're right... People like making friends with me. I've never been in the habit of making enemies.

Romy: To put it bluntly, you are probably one of the most powerful men in Germany.

Romy: But Minister Oberstein is completely oblivious to that, and he has not considered your standpoint at all.

Schweinsteiger: You're implying I should blow up at him.

Romy lets out a shuddering breath, her heart lodged all the way up in her throat.

Her following answer could make or break her future.

Romy: Yes. If I were in your shoes, that's what I would do—not just as a provocation, but also as an insult.

Romy: However...

Schweinsteiger: Yes?

Romy: However, I'm no you. I'm sure you've taken more things into consideration than me... For instance, the people on the three frontmost benches are also friends with Minister Oberstein.

Romy: As someone who cares about the bigger picture, you would never force them to choose between two friends.

Romy: Not to mention, Minister Oberstein's friendship is hard to come by.

Schweinsteiger: So you think I should swallow this?

Romy: If you lose something, you'll have to win something back.

Romy: But I believe the best choice is to not lose something that cannot be replaced.

Schweinsteiger lets out a sigh and lights up yet another cigarette.

Schweinsteiger: The Ministry of Finance is reducing the budget every year, and the Military keeps demanding an explanation from me.

Schweinsteiger: If we still can't deliver any result, they'll throw me to the wolves next year...

Schweinsteiger: My position has never been secure. Too many people are eyeing my seat.

Romy: ...

Schweinsteiger: I'm starting to lose my cool, Romy.

Schweinsteiger: I can't afford to lose Minister Oberstein's support...Unless I have a better alternative.

Romy: ...If Minister Oberstein is genuine in his support for you, he is indeed your best option.

Schweinsteiger: ...Go on.

Schweinsteiger peers at Romy's face with narrowed eyes.

Romy: However, the way I see it, the one whom Minister Oberstein is actually supporting isn't you...

Romy: But himself.

Schweinsteiger: ...Are you certain?

Romy: I am.

Romy returns Schweinsteiger's gaze evenly.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Schweinsteiger breathes out a puff of smoke.

Schweinsteiger: Perhaps it's time we have a new best friend, Romy.

Schweinsteiger: I like making friends...But I dislike making bad friends.

Schweinsteiger: Especially when I get burned by the fire they're playing with.

Schweinsteiger: I hate nothing more than that.

Romy: So what do you intend to do?

Romy already knows the answer to that question, but she still voices it cautiously to get an explicit answer out of Schweinsteiger.

Schweinsteiger: Arrange a meeting with the Earl.

Schweinsteiger puts out his cigarette and dusts off his hands.

...

Temporary command post, Berlin.

Stasi Agent: This is where I'll leave you.

Commander: Right, please relay my gratitude to Chief Riefenstahl.

Commander: And say hello to Agent J and Agent K for me.

Stasi Agent: Sure thing.

After dropping of the Commander and the Dolls, the young Stasi agent gives them a salute before getting back into the car.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow! We've been away for so long! It has been a long time, right?! RIGHT?!

SOP-II dashes through the door in excitement the moment she sees it.

RO635: SOP-II, wait!

RO635 calls after SOP-II and rushes in after her.

...It does feel like they've been away for quite a while, but it's really only been several days.

Staring at the temporary command post, the Commander can't help but think of the Dolls of Squad Griffin, who barred them from entering the first time they were here.

Commander: ...I hope they'll still remember me when we meet again.

M16A1: You're always so hung up on trivial stuff that people don't care about, Commander.

Everyone else has entered the command post, leaving only the Commander, M16, and ST AR-15 outside.

ST AR-15: ...Do you count yourself among these "people" you mentioned?

M16A1: You know I never belong in the majority.

M16A1 conjures a bottle of whisky seeming out of thin air and starts taking massive gulps from it.

M16A1: Ah... That felt good.

She wipes her mouth, puts the cap back on, then tosses the half-empty bottle over to ST AR-15.

ST AR-15: ?!

ST AR-15: What are you doing?!

Not expecting this at all, ST AR-15 fumbles to catch the bottle.

M16A1: Haha, it tastes pretty good. You should have some.

M16 shoots her irritated sister a cheerful grin and waves her hand.

M16A1: I need to have a chat with the Commander. You go on in first.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 is still fuming, but instead of protesting, she simply enters the command post with the half-empty bottle of whisky wordlessly.

Commander: ...

The Commander crosses their arms and looks at M16.

Commander: You're taking off?

M16A1: I have my mission.

Since the Commander has correctly guessed what's on her mind, M16 drops all pretense and simply shrugs.

M16A1: That Stasi agent brought up something about my objective.

M16A1: I need to go.

Commander: I suppose there's nothing I can do to make you stay?

M16A1: Haha, I wonder. You won't know for sure if you don't try, eh?

M16 grins and snaps her fingers, then she looks over to the other side of the street.

Following her gaze, the Commander spots an oddly-shaped motorbike parked near the kerb.

Commander: ...We're still friends, aren't we?

M16A1: Of course.

M16A1: ...But some things don't stay the same, Commander.

Commander: Well, no matter what SOP-II wants to do to you the next time we cross paths...

Commander: I won't intervene.

M16A1: I'll worry about that when the time comes.

With a faint smile, M16 turns and silently crosses the road.

...

Inside the temporary command post.

M4 SOPMOD II: Woohoo! My collection! It's still here!

SOP-II darts around the room in high spirits while RO trails behind her, a little exasperated.

The Commander closes the door behind themselves and looks around the room.

UMP45: Looking for AR-15?

UMP45 suddenly appears out of nowhere and speaks up right next to the Commander, startling them.

Commander: Uh... Yeah.

Commander: Where is she?

UMP45: Holed up somewhere probably? I saw her come in with a bottle of whisky... I'm guessing that woman left without saying goodbye again?

Commander: She said goodbye to me.

UMP45: Humph.

The Commander chuckles at UMP45's annoyance and finds a chair to sit down.

They stroke the surface of the tactical table with a sigh. A chessboard with chess pieces messily strewn about is still lying on the table not far away, a reminder of Kolibri and Perosa's final bout.

Commander: She's gone, does that mean we're also done?

UMP45: I seriously doubt it... But I suppose you could say we're done with this phase of the operation.

UMP45: You found those weapons and even retrieved them. If I were your superior, I'd have to give you a raise much as it pained me.

Commander: I must've done pretty well to deserve such a generous compliment from you.

The Commander gets up from the chair with a smile.

Of course this isn't over yet.

Ange's fate is still unknown, and RPK-16's betrayal has to be reported.

M4 has once again become unconscious. A contingency has to be arranged before she wakes up.

Most importantly...Morridow—they must figure out what to do with this hot potato.

...The problem with the weapons has been resolved, but the fight is far from over.

Beep beep beep.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?

RO635: Hm?

Just then, the sudden sound of an incoming transmission shatters the peace in the room.

The Commander walks over to the comms station to check it. Their brow furrows.

RO635: Commander?

Confused by the Commander's expression, RO635 joins them at the console.

Commander: Unknown caller...

RO635: Is that not the Earl?

Khaybar: He hasn't scheduled a call.

Khaybar: Besides, if it were the Earl, this system would display his caller ID.

Commander: ...

Click.

Call connected.

Not a sound comes through the communicator.

This disconcerting silence lasts for several seconds.

???: ...

...Is that panting they hear?

The Dolls look at each other tensely.

Angelia: ... Commander.

Commander: An—!

The Commander jumps to their feet.

Commander: ...Ange?!

Commander: Where are you now?!

They shout into the communicator anxiously, but a different voice answers back.

???: ...Good afternoon, Commander.

???: I hope you don't mind this abrupt call.

Commander: Who are you?!

Commander: What have you done to Ange?!

The Commander immediately gestures for RO635 and UMP45 to turn on the computer quickly.

SOP-II is crouched under the table, fixing the communicator with a murderous glare.

Khaybar is also focused on the communicator. The caller's face isn't shown, but she swears she has heard this voice somewhere before.

???: That isn't something you need to know.

???: I doubt you care about that anyway. After all, you are much more concerned about something else.

The Commander takes a deep breath and forces themselves to keep calm.

Commander: ...You have Ange? What do you want?

Angelia: Ugh... Argh!!!

Commander: Ange!!!

Commander: Dammit! Don't you dare, I'm warning you!!

Commander: What exactly do you want?!

???: Morridow.

The voice on the other end suddenly grows steely.

???: An exchange of hostages. I hand Miss Angelia back to you.

???: In return, I demand that you give us Morridow.

Commander: ...

Khaybar's eyes widen. She turns to look at the Commander.

The Commander just stares at the communicator, their face completely blank and devoid of emotion.

Commander: Location?

???: Airport.

The caller's speech is curt, concise, and extremely matter-of-fact.

???: I will inform you of the time momentarily.

???: We will both get what we want; everybody is happy... Don't disappoint me, Commander.

Commander: ...The airport is your territory. Why should I trust you?

Angelia: Ugh... Aaaargh!!

Commander: Enough!

The Commander slams their fists on the table angrily.

Commander: You touch her again, and I'll send Morridow off to the next world!

???: This could be the very last chance you get to see Miss Angelia.

???: You wouldn't do something so unwise. You wouldn't dare.

Commander: If anything happens to Ange at all, I'll show you all the things I very much dare do.

Commander: Let me see her. I want to make sure she's safe.

Gripping at the communicator tightly, the Commander speaks through clenched teeth.

???: ...

The other end of the call falls silent for a while. Then a familiar face finally appears on the previously blank screen.

Commander: Ange...!

The Commander's voice almost breaks upon seeing Ange.

Through the screen, she looks deathly pale and rather battered, but she doesn't seem to be too badly injured, much to the Commander's relief.

Commander: Are you... Are you okay?

Angelia: ...Getting my tats hurt more than this.

Ange's voice has lost its usual edge. She gazes at the Commander silently for a moment.

Angelia: Don't do anything stupid, Commander. I—

The screen flickers once before going black.

Commander: Wait!

???: Time's up, Commander.

Commander: ...Don't lay a finger on her.

???: ...

???: I await good news from you.

Click.

Transmission terminated.

Commander: ...

UMP45: ...Tsk, the line was too convoluted.

UMP45: I couldn't trace the call.

RO635: Miss Ange...

Commander: ...

The Commander clenches their fists and turns to one end of the room.

Morridow is sitting there, utterly silent and still.
Part 11: -48-4-13.txt

    11chevron_right

Outside the Reichstag, Berlin.

During the annual Unity Day celebration, the Reichstag, being the symbol of the nation, finds its streets packed full of people.

Well-dressed VIPs come and go, pouring into the entrance and greeting each other warmly.

Protester: Herr Frick!

Protester: Please answer our questions! What is wrong with Galatea's drugs!

Protester: Does the government really not care about our lives?!

Well-Dressed Man: ...

Protesters sporting strange face paint are holding up placards.

Held back by a security detail consisting of police and Dolls that's significantly larger than before, they shout at all the people they recognize as they pass by on the red carpet.

At times, these upper-class guests are subjected to their crude attacks; there is no way they can avoid seeing the vulgar gestures made at them.

Elsewhere...

Reporter: Herr Minister! We would like an interview!

Reporter: What do you have to say about the recent spate of terrorist attacks taking place in Berlin?

Reporter: Herr Minister! Please answer us! I'm from Berlin TV! Herr—

It's sometimes very hard to tell the difference between these journalists and those lowlives.

They push their way through crowds, clutching their worthless press cards, abusing the authority of their organization. These youngsters are insolent enough to set off blinding flashes in people's faces, yet too cowardly to actually get themselves into trouble.

They are like greedy maggots, unwilling to let a single nugget of juicy news go—whether it's true or not!

The protesters and the opportunistic reporters have blended together into a rowdy mob.

The packed crowds push on each other, turning the near-winter streets into a sauna.

There have been obstacle after obstacle during this year's celebration, but it has been successfully held nonetheless, becoming a symbol of the current peace and prosperity.

Inside the grand, gilded dining hall, the smells of champagne and freshly-cut flowers blend together and fill every corner of the room.

In a secluded corner of the room, a pair of powerful men stand together in front of a gigantic window.

Schweinsteiger is holding a champagne bottle as he tops off the other man's glass.

Schweinsteiger: It's been several years since the last time we gathered here.

Schweinsteiger: I like this place. It's quiet, it has a good view, and you can see the clear night sky.

Schweinsteiger laughs and puts down the bottle before picking up his own beverage.

Oberstein watches him quietly. The bubbles fizzing in the champagne mirror his own bubbling unease.

Schweinsteiger: Oh, my apologies, Minister Oberstein.

Schweinsteiger: I've been abstaining from alcohol recently. It's good for your health, you know.

He smiles apologetically and raises his drink to prove his point. Then he downs it in one gulp.

Oberstein: ...I hear you have encountered some problems recently, General.

Oberstein: I hope you have not allowed these things to affect your well-being.

Schweinsteiger: Haha, surely you jest. Problems? I have never run into problems.

Schweinsteiger puts his glass down and pats his belly almost boorishly.

Schweinsteiger: I have many friends, Minister Oberstein, and I can take care of my own problems.

Oberstein: Of course, and I am one of your friends.

Schweinsteiger: Of that I have no doubt.

Oberstein: At least, right here and now, I might be the only friend within reach.

Oberstein's eyes suddenly flash dangerously, but Schweinsteiger does not seem at all perturbed.

Schweinsteiger: It isn't convenient for the Earl to make an appearance at venues like these, but that does not affect my friendship with him.

Schweinsteiger: Minister Oberstein, there is one thing he says which I find very true—only a man who knows how to pick his friends can be considered an intelligent man.

Oberstein: By that standard, it seems you are every bit the man you appear to be, General.

Schweinsteiger: Many people have said that.

Just then, the lights go out in the great hall, and a spotlight suddenly shines on the two of them.

Oberstein: ...

Schweinsteiger takes a step back and politely yields his space, stepping out of the flare.

Now, let us invite Minister Oberstein to deliver our celebration address!

Schweinsteiger: Bitte.

Schweinsteiger smiles and raises his glass to Oberstein in the darkness.

Oberstein shoots him a glance, then walks toward the speaker's podium.

Schweinsteiger: Does this mean...The countdown to the fireworks will be starting soon?

Schweinsteiger pays no more attention to the man delivering his speech to an enraptured audience. Instead, he takes a step forward and gazes at the night sky outside the window.

Oberstein: For Germany, today is a great and important day.

Celebration Staff: Ten.

Spetsnaz Trooper: Are they all in position?

Celebration Staff: Nine.

Spetsnaz Trooper: Target confirmed, ammo loaded.

Oberstein: We are gathered here to celebrate the rise and growth of Germany.

Oberstein: Let us all bear witness to this glorious moment, as people of the German Democatic Republic!

Celebration Staff: Five.

Celebration Staff: Four.

Oberstein: There is no doubt about it—

Oberstein: This will surely be a grand celebration.

Oberstein: The glory of Unity Day shall blaze again!

Celebration Staff: Two.

Celebration Staff: One.

Spetsnaz Trooper: Ready.

Schweinsteiger takes a sip of champagne from his glass and smiles as he looks into the distance.

A grand fireworks display blossoms in the night sky without a care in the world.

Schweinsteiger: What a lovely sight.

Foom—!

Foom—!!

Foom—!!!

...

Shadowless: Welcome to the evening news.

Shadowless: ...This just in—at 11pm local time, a large-scale armed conflict has broken out within the Neo-Soviet Union.

Shadowless: Many districts have been subjected to devastating artillery bombardments. We currently do not possess any concrete information on the attackers and there has been no official clarification from the NSU authorities.

Shadowless: Our station will continue to follow the issue. Thank you for watching, ladies and gentlemen. I am Shadowless, and we'll meet again soon.

... 

11 o'clock, at the smoke-swathed border.

Spetsnaz Liaison: General Carter, we've received a new voice message at the number you specified.

Spetsnaz Liaison: The message reads, "Fireworks launched."

Carter: Right, I see.

Spetsnaz Officer: General, what does this mean?

Carter: It means our arrangement is proceeding to the next phase.

Carter gets into his car and orders the driver to set off for their next destination—the Griffin Base in Area S09.

The Spetsnaz officer holds the door open for him and politely prepares to close it.

Carter: Are the forces earmarked for the Griffin base deployed?

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes, sir. We are all fully prepared.

Carter: No need to go to such lengths. Our comrades have bought ample time for us. The Griffin base now is like a rabbit in a snare.

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes, sir!

Carter: Still, you must not be careless. Cornered animals have been known to put up a surprising amount of resistance.

Spetsnaz Officer: We will not disappoint you.

Carter winds the window shut and the car drives off.

Through the murky night sky, Carter looks in the direction where the transport aircraft has vanished.

...Late at night, in the Statesec office in the Lubyanka Building.

Bang!

Zelinsky pushes the door open and enters.

Secretary: ... Comrade Director!

Zelinsky: Calm down, comrade.

Zelinsky: Where is the report from the Ministry of Defense?

Secretary: It's all here, it's been logged!

Zelinsky rubs his temples as he walks toward his desk and picks up the military intelligence notification system log.

The notification screen for the entire Western Military District is almost completely covered with air defense warnings.

Zelinsky: Begin brief.

Secretary: Around 0215 today, a border outpost reported that they were being attacked by unidentified armed personnel, then we suddenly lost contact with the border military base on the border codenamed "Kubinka-2", so we sent our recon drones to investigate the battle conditions.

Secretary: We have verified that many military targets were subjected to bombardment, and due to electronic lockdown, the current casualty status is unknown.

Secretary: After the attack, we began losing contact with many military bases near each combat zone. This region is still under a comms blackout at the moment.

Secretary: After the break in communications, the Western Military District's aerial defense systems detected many fighter signals in the air.

Zelinsky: Fighters? I want models and exact headings.

Secretary: The Western Military District picked up several aircraft of unknown affiliation 14 minutes ago.

Secretary: Two MiGs have appeared in Krakow airspace.

Secretary: At the same time, what appears to be a Sukhoi has appeared over the skies of Prague and is heading north.

Secretary: In addition, two Ilyushins are heading for Lvov, ETA 30 minutes.

Secretary: None of these fighters are responding to any kind of communication.

Zelinsky: Have you contacted the 1st Air Defense Corps yet?

Secretary: Er... Other than the 105th Guards Mixed Aviation Division in Voronezh, which happens to be where some of our people are assigned, we have been unable to contact the various air traffic control centers and aviation units.

Secretary: Voronezh Base is preparing to launch fighters to intercept.

Secretary: Also, the comms breakdown isn't just affecting the aviation bases. We're also unable to contact our army bases...

Secretary: Director, could they have been...

Zelinsky: Keep calm. Start by telling me where the air defense alerts first originated. Ignore the radar stations, go in chronological order.

Secretary: A moment please... It's the Western Military District's Aerial Intelligence Center! How can that be?

Zelinsky: That'll do it. Notify Voronezh Base immediately.

Zelinsky: Cancel all takeoffs. Cancel all takeoffs immediately. Stand by and wait for orders.

Secretary: Yes, Director... I've notified them, but the Ils' heading...

Zelinsky: Comrade, I know... Have any units of the Air Defense Forces reported opening fire yet?

Secretary: The PVO units on the Western border are currently under electronic suppression and no effective communications can be established. The Western Military District's HQ has sent out a helicopter to establish direct communications.

Zelinsky: What about radar?

Secretary: No reports of SAM launches yet.

Zelinsky: That's good. Are they all online?

Secretary: Yes. The Western Military District's CINC, the command staff of the 1st Air Defense Command, and the Minister of Defense are waiting for you on Line 2.

Zelinsky: Good. First, we need to restore communications to the early-warning radars in Kaliningrad. I want to know what they saw.

Zelinsky: After that...Give the Air Force Commander's office a call, see if he's up yet.

Secretary: Yes, Comrade Director.

Secretary: But what should I tell him?

Zelinsky: ...Tell him our border PMCs are under attack.

Secretary: Understood.

The secretary leaves his office. Zelinsky reaches out to take the handset to the encrypted line. His hand pauses for a moment.

It is not that he did not anticipate such a thing from the opposition, but now that it has actually happened, he is still surprised that the specter of those traitors is still lingering in the air.

Zelinsky: Well, let's see what you do next.

...On the transport plane about to arrive at the Griffin base in Area S09.

???: The targets of this decapitation operation are the chief executive officer of Griffin—Kryuger, and his adjutant Helianthus.

???: They are currently in the Griffin base in Area S09, precise location unknown.

???: After eliminating the mission objectives, cleanup work will involve destroying their neural cloud servers and demolishing the base.

???: The operation will commence tonight, at 2317 hours. Once the rocket bombardment is complete, the 1st Spetsnaz Team will enter the building.

???: At 2325 hours, the 2nd Spetsnaz Team will establish electronic isolation around the perimeter of the base and prevent the entry and exit of all Dolls.

???: At 2348 hours, after the targets have been eliminated, 1st Team will retreat with 2nd Team.

???: Our only support assets are attack helicopters with machine guns. We cannot expect more, but that should be enough for a mere civilian PMC.

???: The operation codename is Marduk.

???: Any questions?

???: No sir!

???: Godspeed, gentlemen.

...Ten minutes ago.

2250 hours, Kryuger's Office in the Griffin base.

Time passes inexorably amid the clicks and taps of the keyboard.

Helian: ...So the flight I just inquired about is going to land?

Helian: I see, thank you.

Helian hangs up and looks at the clock.

Helian: Sangvis Ferri will be reaching Berlin soon. Hopefully they'll be able to help the Commander out.

Helian: It's almost 11, I'd better get some rest.

Helian: We made pretty good progress today...

Helian gets up and puts her things away as she prepares to leave.

Helian: If I can keep this pace up, Kalina will be able to take it easy for a while after she comes back.

Helian looks outside at the dreary night sky, wondering how Kalina is doing right now.

...In front of Kryuger's office.

Thompson: Wake up, WA. The target's on the move.

WA2000: Hm... What?!

The groggy WA2000 immediately bolts awake.

WA2000: Attention! Lee! Kar!

Kar98k: I'm here, go ahead.

Lee Enfield: Has the target's status changed?

WA2000: Target is on the move, about to reach the office corridor. Everyone, mind your movements!

Lee Enfield: Roger.

Kar98k: Understood.

Thompson: Tonight's entertainment is about to begin. I'll go look over there, you keep watch.

WA2000: Got it.

Thompson hurries off. At the same time, WA2000's carefully-composed emails are sent out to various recipients.

...In the woods near the base, several figures on motorbikes race back to the base at eye-watering speeds.

Thompson: Thompson hailing FlashDel Squad.

NTW-20: FlashDel Squad leader NTW here.

Thompson: The target started moving ahead of schedule. Can you move up your return to base?

NTW-20: Ahead of schedule...? That's unexpected... Understood. We can do it.

Thompson: Roger.

NTW-20: Hailing Grizzly, hailing Spitfire. They're moving the plan up. We're going to pick up the pace.

Grizzly: Received, I'll be at the kitchen's back door in seven seconds.

Spitfire: Big Sis 75 and I will be right behind you.

NTW-20: Alright, see you at the next check-in.

NTW-20 hangs up and double-checks the positions of her friends in the rear-view mirror.

...In a dark warehouse, a face illuminated by an LED screen reveals a pained yet savage expression.

PPK: Is this what you meant by "special entertainment for tonight only"?

MP-443: I only came because I heard there was a large collection of interesting rocks here...

Ribeyrolles tiredly reduces the flow rate of her infusion bag.

Welrod MkII: Ahem, the other Dolls' schedules were full.

Welrod MkII: Let's not waste any more time and begin the mission.

Welrod MkII: Tokarev, I'll leave this side to you. I'll be right back!

Tokarev: Roger!

Welrod hurriedly leaves the warehouse. The remaining Dolls start drifting off immediately soon after.

PPK: I'll leave this place to you then, Tokarev. ♪

Tokarev: Wait a minute, where are you go—

The warehouse door opens...

Bangbangbang!

The tongues of fire from a submachine gun at close range illuminates the Dolls' faces again.

Thompson: Ha, is the mission over already?

The warehouse door closes with a crisp sound.

The time now is 2255.

After checking that she's saved and backed up her work twice, Helian prepares to leave the office.

Helian: If I can get a little more done tomorrow morning, I'll be able to make a report to Mr. Kryuger.

Helian: Wait a minute, isn't today—

Helian's eyes fall on the big red circled date on the calendar.

...In front of Kryuger's office.

WA2000: Attention, target is about to leave the office, are you all gathered at the main hall yet?

Lee Enfield: Received.

Kar98k: We're all assembled at the hall.

WA2000: Good, I'll hurry over now.

WA2000 runs into the night.

Grizzly: I'm bringing the squad to meet up at the main hall entrance.

NTW-20: Roger.

NTW-20: Hailing Spitfire and CZ, are you there yet?

Spitfire: We had to make a detour to pick up the goods, we'll be there right away.

The screech of braking tires echoes through the silent forest.

CZ75: We're here, let's go!

NTW-20: Took you long enough, and what are all these traffic tickets...?

CZ75: Don't ask, let's go!

The time now is 2259, and Helian has reached the office door.

Helian: Today is a day worth celebrating, should I order a cake or something...?

Helian smiles and looks through the cake shop's catalog.

The second hand marches on mercilessly...

56, 57, 58, 59...

Boom—

Helian blinks, but all she sees is endless darkness.

Helian: What's wrong...? Is there a power outage?

Helian: ...

Helian reaches out to where her computer should be, but all she feels is a coarse, cold masonry.

Helian: What's this... It feels like...A broken wall?

Helian keys up her tablet's flashlight.

In its harsh radiance, she sees the ceiling and the internal cross-section of a wall intersecting with each other like a dog's teeth.

Meanwhile, she is lying in the hollow created by several collapsed walls propping each other up.

Sandy debris falls on her face from time to time, reminding her that this is not a safe place.

Helian: ...

Helian: Calm down, Helian.

Helian: There are several hundred Dolls out there waiting for you to lead them...

Helian tries to turn on her command tablet, but the shattered screen has rendered it pretty much useless, and regardless of how Helian smacks it, it refuses to execute her commands.

Helian: Don't panic, take a deep breath... .

Helian: The base just got blown up, it's not even the first time, there's nothing to be afraid of...

With great difficulty, Helian manages to sit up in the cramped confines of the hollow.

As the senses return to her numb body, a rush of pain washes over her.

Helian: Multiple abrasions and a left forearm fracture. Full extent of other injuries unknown.

Helian: I can move, at least, so it could've been worse.

Helian: ...

Helian surveys the walls that are trapping her. There are no holes she can crawl through and no rubble which she can lift by herself.

She takes a deep breath, and the tablet's flashlight starts flickering...

Helian: Oh no, please...

Once again, she is plunged into darkness.

Helian: ...

The loss of sight leads to sharpened hearing.

Perhaps she is imagining things, but Helian can clearly make out the sound of scraping on the wall, and it is getting louder.

Helian: If this really is my last day...

Helian: No, I'm a mature woman, I can't go all weepy in the face of danger...

???: Helian!

Helian: ...Mr. Kryuger?

Helian: Mr. Kryuger! I'm here! I'm over here!

Kryuger: I can hear you. Don't worry, we've come to rescue you.

Helian: O-okay...

Helian suddenly realizes that this is the second time she has cried ever since she entered Griffin.

The wall segment is carefully removed, and the familiar faces of the Dolls appear before her eyes.

Thompson: We got you, Miss Helian.

Ingram: Give me your hand.

Helian: Thank you, Thompson, Ingram.

Kryuger: Are you hurt?

Helian: Nothing too serious.

Kryuger hands a brand new tactical tablet to Helian.

Kryuger: Sorry, Helian, but there's no time for you to rest.

Kryuger: Our base has come under heavy bombardment and comms are down.

Kryuger: Judging by the method, I have the feeling that Carter's behind this.

Helian: General Carter... Wasn't he already...

Kryuger: We don't have time to think about that.

Kryuger: There are enemies approaching the entrance, I'm taking the Frontline Combat Team to plug the opening.

Kryuger: You need to stay behind and initiate our emergency defense plan and make preparations to withdraw. If our defense can't hold, carry out the emergency retreat plan immediately.

Helian: Understood, leave it to me.

Kryuger: Thompson, put a few squads together and come with me.

Thompson: Got it. Ingram, take care of Miss Helian.

Ingram: No problem. I won't let those scum harm a hair on Miss Helian's head even if they shoot me to bits.

Kryuger nods solemnly to Helian, then he flicks his handgun's safety off and walks into the darkness outside.

After performing emergency treatment on her broken forearm, Helian immediately begins commanding the Dolls with her tablet.

Helian: All Dolls who can still move, listen up.

Helian: GSh-18, form a rescue team and perform first aid on our damaged Dolls to bolster our numbers.

Helian: NTW-20, organize two squads. One will break through the signal blockade and restore comms while the other will attempt to outflank the enemy and get messages outside.

Helian: Welrod, organize several squads to transport our vital resources and destroy dangerous items.

Helian: Reply immediately once you have your assignments and report your status once every 15 minutes.

After finishing the preliminary deployments, Helian is about to move to a safer palace when she realizes Kryuger is still standing at the doorway.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: I came to give you a gun to protect yourself.

Helian: Thank you.

Kryuger: I'll leave my back to you, then.

Helian smiles and executes a picture-perfect salute.

Helian: You can always count on me, Mr. Kryuger.
Part 2: -48-5-3.txt

2

...At the dinner party, where the mood is slowly cooling off. Standing alone by the window, Oberstein watches the fireworks soar into the sky and reduce themselves to ashes.

Beep. It's a message, one that came while the fireworks were blooming.

Oberstein glances at his communicator, and a rare smile graces his face.

Schweinsteiger: Ladies and gentlemen, let us raise one final glass to bring this wonderful celebration to a perfect end.

Guests: To Unity Day! Prost!

Amidst the clamor of clinking glasses, Oberstein makes his own toast to Schweinsteiger from afar.

Oberstein: May the fireworks tonight be more brilliant than in all the previous years.

...Basement 3, in the Research Lab of the Griffin base.

GSh-18: We're currently moving damaged Dolls from the assembly hall.

Helian: Why were there so many Dolls in the main hall this late at night, anyway?

GSh-18: Well, uh...

Welrod MkII: Miss Helian, we've cleared out the armory, now doing an inventory of our vital resources.

Helian: We need to speed up the supply transfer. Mr. Kryuger and several other squads are drawing fire to buy you time.

Helian: NTW-20, progress report.

NTW-20: Breakthrough squad is doing their best, but it's hard to gauge their progress for now.

NTW-20: Flanker squad has finished assembling and just deployed.

Helian: Understood, stay safe.

NTW-20: Roger.

After quickly going through the messages on her command tablet, she looks up and begins searching for Persica's lab.

Ingram: This is the third time we've come this way, Miss Helian.

Helian: That's strange. Miss Persica's lab ought to be nearby...

Ingram: That blast just now was pretty intense. Maybe Miss Persica has already fled?

Helian: No way, she'd rather die than flee her lab empty-handed.

Helian: I'll try contacting her, but she might not pick up at a time like this...

Helian dials Persica's number.

After a dozen or so rings, an annoyed female voice answers.

Persica: You're right on time! Helian, I want to complain about the late-night renovations at your base!

Helian: ...

Persica: It's gone too far! Are you doing demolition work or something? The whole place was shaking!

Persica: My coffee's all over the floor now...

Helian: We do not have any renovations scheduled for the near future.

Helian: The disruption just now was due to the base being targeted by rocket artillery fire from parties unknown. A group of enemies are already outside the base and launching an attack.

Persica: ...

Persica: Why do I have such rotten luck?! I just moved in and we got attacked right away...

Helian: Enough complaining. Open your lab door, I need to talk to you.

Persica: I have a bad feeling about this. Tell me what this is all about.

Helian: It concerns your research.

Persica: Hm? In what way? Have the new instruments I requisitioned arrived? Or was it the materials I ordered?

Persica: Wait a minute, did someone publish a paper on one of my topics ahead of me?

Helian: It's none of the above. I'm referring to the neural cloud servers.

Helian: If things go badly for Mr. Kryuger, we need to make preparations for a full retreat. That will involve taking the neural cloud servers with us.

Persica: Whaaaaat?!

Whoosh— A small panel in the wall opens, and Persica's angry eyes glare through the hole.

Persica: What do you think a neural cloud server is?!

Persica: A slice of cake you take home from a deli? You think a cute little maid Doll can deliver it to your house for you?

Persica: It's a neural cloud SERVER! Don't you get it?

Persica: ABSOLUTELY NOT! I am completely opposed to this plan!!!

Helian: Just open the door, we can talk this over.

Persica: Do you even KNOW what could happen if you move a neural cloud server without preparation?

Persica: You might lose some data if you're lucky, but if you're not, you could end up losing ALL of it!

Persica: The entirety of all the data and knowledge that the Griffin base has accumulated in the last few years, gone down the drain!

Helian: ...

Helian: Okay, I get the idea, so please open the door.

Persica: I refuse. The last time I opened the door like you asked, you sent in your Dolls to scrub all my coffee mugs.

Ingram: ...That doesn't sound so bad.

Persica: I won't open the door! You can just forget about it!

Whoosh— Persica closes the little panel behind her.

Helian: ...

Helian: Ingram, where's that piece of gear I told you to bring along?

Ingram: Here.

Helian: You see where that panel is? Cut the door open from that.

Ingram: No problem. I'm very good at this.

With a maniacal grin, Ingram revs up the specially made chainsaw she's holding...

...At the base entrance. All the defense systems are offline due to the rocket bombardment, and the enemy can walk right in.

The shotgun squad was the first to reach the entrance, and they are engaged in an intense firefight with the first wave of enemies.

The squads behind them follow Kryuger's commands and help suppress the enemy vanguard unit.

Kryuger: ...Hold the line! Don't let enemy fire separate you!

Kryuger: The enemy has already broken through the base's outer perimeter, we can't let them get any further.

Kryuger: We're going to stop all the enemies trying to break through!

Thompson: Roger!

The shotgun squad is in the thick of the fighting, but they are slowly being pushed back.

Defender: I'll tear you apart! I'll break every last one of your ribs!

Defender: Let me go! LET ME GO! I CAN STILL FIGHT!

Liberator: Defender's lost it! Cover me! Commencing emergency evac!

Kryuger: Shotgun Squad A, fall back quickly for treatment! Shotgun Squad B, take their place!

Thanks to Kryuger's leadership, the battered Doll squads somehow manage to keep their fragile defense line intact.

Webley: Mr. Kryuger, enemy reinforcement squad at 1 o'clock.

Webley: There's roughly 7 of them and they aren't carrying heavy weapons.

Kryuger: Thompson, send a squad over to ambush them.

Kar98k: Miss Lee and I will go.

Thompson: Got it! WA, cover Kar and Lee with me!

Bangbangbang—

Lee Enfield and Kar98k nimbly avoid the dense web of enemy fire and vanish from Kryuger's sight.

He looks away and surveys the remaining enemies on the battlefield.

Kryuger: Ladies, we can catch our breath once we mop up this wave.

Thompson: Heard that? Give them everything you've got!

WA2000: Roger!

As they hear the call to victory, the tired Dolls launch a ferocious charge, falling on the enemy with staggering intensity...

Webley: Sir! The enemy reinforcement squad has lost three people and they've withdrawn.

Kryuger: Very good, Webley. Are there any more incoming enemy units?

Webley: None that I can see so far.

Kryuger: Ladies, take this opportunity to rest up and recover!

Kryuger: Kar98k and Lee Enfield, fall back.

Lee Enfield: Returning to unit.

Thompson: Well done, my brandy is yours.

Thompson stands on a burning pile of rubble and holds up her personal brandy flask.

After crushing the first wave of enemies, the squad led by Kryuger has won a brief respite.

Kryuger: NTW-20, how's the breakthrough squad doing?

NTW-20: Sorry... Mr. Kr...Failed...

Kryuger: Come again? I didn't hear—

Thompson: INCOMING! Get down—

Kaboom!

After receiving her mission, NTW-20 immediately assembled a breakthrough squad, who followed their orders to bypass the enemy to force their way through the blockade and call for help.

Scans revealed that Entrance D1 had the weakest defenses, and the breakthrough squad chose to make their play there.

After expending most of their ammo and Dummies, the breakthrough squad managed to take Entrance D1.

But before they could celebrate, the enemy sent over their attack helicopters, which turned the vacuous black muzzles of their machine guns on them...

NTW-20: Come in, breakthrough squad! Are there any survivors?

NTW-20: The base needs support urgently! I repeat, the base needs support urgently!

Pale white lightning rips through the night sky, followed by a continuous rumbling of thunder, like a string of explosions.

Spitfire hefts CZ75 on her back, then uses her still-intact right leg to haul herself forward, bringing CZ75 along.

CZ75: Put me down... Spitfire...

CZ75: They'll be coming soon...

Spitfire: This isn't the time for jokes, Big Sis 75.

Spitfire carefully pulls herself past the corpses of her squadmates. Stray shots from distant enemies whiz past the pair.

The two broken Dolls are the only ones left of the squad that had been fighting together just moments ago.

CZ75: At this rate...Neither of us will make it...

Spitfire: Perfect, then we can join them.

CZ75: ...

It's harder to move in the treeline, but Spitfire makes her way in there to hide their tracks.

Rain pours down in torrents, and Spitfire struggles to wade through the mushy sod. Each step is accompanied by a shrill mechanical grinding.

NTW-20: Breakthrough squad! Come in!

CZ75: Your body is still largely intact, you can still fight, they'll need you over in the base...

Spitfire: Save it, GSh-18's medical squad is just up ahead.

CZ75 looks back. The bodies of their squadmates lie in the dirt like lost children, quietly accepting the baptism of the rain.

CZ75: Spitfire... Keep fighting...

CZ75: Give them hell...For us...

The faint sound of rustling branches comes from behind them. Dread fills Spitfire, and her pace starts becoming erratic.

Crack—her hastily repaired left leg burst open again, sending Spitfire and CZ75 hurtling to the ground.

Spitfire: Are you okay, Big Sis 75?

CZ75: ...

Spitfire quickly puts her left leg back together and prepares to sling CZ75 on her back again.

Spitfire: Big Sis 75?

CZ75 does not answer anymore.

Spitfire: ...

Spitfire picks up her gun without a word and limps toward the base.

Spitfire: This is Spitfire from the breakthrough squad.

NTW-20: Spitfire! Where are the others?

Spitfire: Everyone's dead.

NTW-20: ...

Spitfire: Returning to reinforce the base now.

Spitfire hangs up the call.

Nobody can see it, but her tears mix with the rainwater as they roll down Spitfire's face...

Beep.

...At the base entrance, the defense line which Kryuger has fought so hard to build crumbles in a single blow.

The enemy's second wave of troops successfully breaks through and enters the base.

Thanks to the Dolls' protection, Kryuger manages to avoid the enemy scout teams.

After verifying that the enemy has left, Kryuger emerges from the darkness.

His vision is filled with smoke and dust. He orders a retreat while looking for any surviving Dolls.

Kryuger: All Doll forces, retreat! Fall back immediately!

Kryuger: Shotgun squad? Are you from the shotgun squad? Hurry and cover the retreat!

Kryuger notices a badly damaged shield in the drifting smoke. He feels his way over.

Kryuger: Can you still move?

There is only a mechanical arm beside the shield.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Are there any more survivors? Come in!

Thompson: ...WA and I are here.

A Doll limps into view in front of him.

Kryuger: Gather the survivors, we're pulling back immediately!

Thompson: Roger!

WA2000: Lee! Kar! Say something!

Behind Thompson, WA shakes the bodies of Lee Enfield and Kar98k.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: WA2000, we haven't lost yet. More of our comrades still need us.

WA2000: I-I understand...

Welrod MkII: Requesting backup! Supply transport team is requesting backup!

Welrod MkII: The enemy's made it to the warehouse, we can't fight back!

Kryuger: Received, backup is on its way.

Welrod MkII: ...Mr. Kryuger! Can you hear me?

Welrod MkII: Thompson! Hailing Thompson!

Welrod MkII: Requesting backup! Requesting backup! The enemy has us trapped in the warehouse!

Kryuger: She can't hear our replies? God damn signal...

Kryuger: WA2000, you and—

Kryuger's gaze wanders around the empty ops room. There are no Dolls in sight.

WA2000: Leave it to me, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: I'm counting on you.

After some quick repairs, WA2000 rushes over to the warehouse...

Thump thump thump...

...Inside the warehouse, Welrod has organized a team to go in and transfer the most critical supplies away on Helian's order.

With the transfer almost complete, most of the team members have already left the warehouses to escort the supplies, leaving just a few people behind.

Just as Welrod is about to fall back with the last few team members, the enemy breaks through the defense line set up by Kryuger's squad with the help of a sustained bombardment...

A drop of blood splashes on Tokarev's face, accompanied by a visceral scent of metal from the warm blood of a human being.

Out of ammo, Tokarev wrenches a shovel free and shoves away the corpse of a rebel soldier away off herself.

Tokarev: До свидания.

Countless human and Doll corpses are piled up here. Tokarev has already become indifferent to all the death and destruction around her. She just keeps wielding her shovel like a machine.

Welrod MkII: ...Mr. Kryuger! Can you hear me?

Welrod MkII: Thompson! Hailing Thompson!

Welrod MkII: Requesting backup! Requesting backup! The enemy has us trapped in the warehouse!

Welrod yells futilely into the comms channel, which offers no response.

PPK: Frankly speaking, Welrod, this event is MUCH more exciting than the previous one.

MP-443: Stop talking! Ribeyrolles, PPK needs urgent repairs!

Welrod MkII: Tokarev, take PPK's place!

Tokarev: Got it!

Bang! Welrod helps take out the enemies in Tokarev's blind spot as she rushes toward PPK.

Thompson: Welrod, this is Thompson. How are things on your end?

Welrod MkII: Thompson! A huge enemy force is surrounding the warehouse, we can't break out while carrying the supplies!

Thompson: WA's heading over to help you out, hang in there.

Welrod MkII: PPK, just hold on a little longer! Help is on its way!

PPK: Don't bother with us troublemakers. Tokarev's still intact, so take her while she's still standing. Break out of here and find Mr. Kryuger.

Welrod MkII: Born in the night as I am, you and the Commander are my only source of light.

Welrod MkII: No matter how boundless the darkness is, I will never abandon my search for the light.

Bam! One of the warehouse's ventilators is kicked off the ceiling. WA2000 throws down a rope ladder from the hole where it used to be.

WA2000: Welrod! I'll cover you! Hurry and climb up!

Welrod MkII: Load up your supplies and evacuate!

MP-443 carries PPK and goes up the rope ladder first, while Tokarev carries Ribeyrolles and follows close behind.

Bang! Welrod shoots down the enemies who are rushing at them like madmen.

WA2000: Welrod, you're the last one!

Welrod MkII: Got—

Welrod climbs up the rope ladder.

Kaboom!

A shell goes off at almost point blank range. Blazing heat chews into Welrod's back.

Amidst the confusion, the fiery shockwave slams her into the wall...

When she opens her eyes again, she sees the bottom half of the rope ladder in her hands.

Welrod quickly examines her body and concludes that she has lost all combat capability.

WA2000: Welrod!

WA2000: Can you hear me? That blast knocked us down!

Welrod MkII: ...

Welrod MkII: You should go. Leave this place to me.

WA2000: This is no time to be acting cool!

Tokarev: Welrod, come out already!

Welrod grimaces as she looks at her ruined body. Alerts flash continuously in her field of vision.

The wall itself has also been damaged—the ceiling is tilting at a dangerous angle and chunks of debris are raining down steadily.

WA2000: Hold on, I'll find some other way to save you!

Welrod MkII: Don't worry, it's only a few enemies, they're no problem for me.

Not far from her are the enemy forces, which have also taken heavy casualties. However, they're already regrouping with the incoming reinforcements.

Welrod calculates the angle and pulls her last grenade out from under her vest.

PPK: You're not planning to die just to save us, are you?

Ribeyrolles: I...Am worthless...

Welrod MkII: Everyone...Is worth saving.

Tokarev: Wel... Move...!

A burst of static comes over the comms. Welrod switches off the choppy transmission and clutches her grenade tightly.

Welrod MkII: This is all I can do for you...

The rustling of the enemy's footsteps draws close. There are eight of them in total, and judging by their footfall, six of them are Military automatons and the other two are the humans commanding them.

A dull thumping echoes through the warehouse walls, as though someone is pounding one in grief.

Tokarev: Welrod, don't...Don't...

WA2000: Keep the channel open! Wait for me!

Welrod lets out a chuckle, but she suddenly feels like crying at the same time.

The enemy notices the activity at the wall and cautiously approaches the source of the sound.

Welrod forces herself to stand up, and uses the last of her strength to slap her hand down on the warehouse shelves.

Welrod MkII: "Do not go gentle into that good night."

Welrod MkII: "Old age should burn and rave at close of day."

The enemy team turns and moves toward Welrod...

With her back against the shelves, Welrod ducks into their blind spot and silently counts the enemy's footsteps... .

Close, closer now, the Grim Reaper's tread draws ever closer...

Welrod smiles, and pulls the pin on her grenade.

Welrod MkII: "Rage, rage against the dying of the light."

Kaboom!

Thompson has gathered all the survivors in the Ops Room in preparation of their withdrawal.

Kryuger contacts the various squads and gains the latest information on the progress of the battle as well as the degree of enemy penetration.

Kryuger: Helian! We've had it, time to initiate the evacuation plan.

Helian: ...Roger.

Kryuger: Is Persica ready to move the neural cloud server?

Helian: She's making the preparations.

Helian: But are we really going to relocate underground, Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: The damage underground isn't too bad, none of the original structure was destroyed.

Kryuger: Don't forget, the layout of our base favors the defender.

Helian: ...Understood.

Helian: All Griffin Dolls still on the comms channel, immediately withdraw to Basement 3!

Helian: I repeat! Fall back to Basement 3 immediately! Don't get caught up in combat!

Helian's voice reaches the hearing modules of every single Griffin Doll through the communications channel.

However, most of them are unable to respond to the call.
Part 3: -48-5-5.txt

3

...Tranquil music starts playing in the background.

When I come to my senses, I find myself sitting at a table in a bar.

A glass of ginger ale is pushed towards me, leaving a trail of water on the table.

Angelia: This one is on me.

Commander: Ange!

Angelia: Hm?

Ange swirls her amber-colored whiskey around. The ice cubes knock against the glass, producing a tinkling sound.

Commander: I'm so glad you're alright...

Commander: Also, I found the real Morridow.

Angelia: Yeah?

Ange shrugs indifferently. She gets to her feet and places some cash under her empty glass to foot the bill and tips.

Commander: Where are you going?

Angelia: ...

Ange ignores my question. She draws her pistol from her belt and points it at me.

Commander: Ange?

Angelia: Not everything you see is real. Don't rely on your eyes too much, Commander.

Commander: What?

Bang!

... Clutching at my chest in fright, I bolt right up in bed.

Commander: I... Where am I?

Kalina: You're awake, Commander.

Commander: Kalina?

Kalina is sitting next to me. She looks a little haggard, but she seems to be in good spirits otherwise.

Commander: Have you recovered? What did the doctor say?

Kalina: I'm all good! I don't need to be hospitalized anymore. I'm being discharged today!

Kalina is packing her bags with a cheerful smile. The flowers on the bedside table are in full bloom.

Commander: Has the doctor really given you permission to go home?

Kalina: The hospital bill is too much to bear. Just looking at it broke my heart.

Commander: YOUR heart? It's my card they swiped...

Kalina: Now that I'm out of the hospital, you won't have to run around searching for medicine for me.

Kalina suddenly straightens up and looks me right in the eye.

Kalina: I've been waiting for you to visit me at the hospital every single day, but you never came.

Commander: I'm sorry, Kalina. I...

I look away in guilt and suddenly notice that the flowers on the bedside table are now withered.

Thud!

Kalina has lost consciousness and collapsed on the floor.

Commander: Kalin! Kalin!

Commander: Are you alright?! Wake up!

Commander: Where's the doctor?! Doctor!

I fling open the door of the ward.

Commander: Doctor! Is the doctor—

I expect to find a corridor outside the door, but all I see is fire and smoke.

Commander: What the hell...? What's going on?

Commander: The Dolls... Where are all the Dolls?

???: Commander... We...

???: We're right here...

A completely disfigured Doll stumbles toward me. I reach out to catch her before she falls...

Commander: Is this...The base?

???: Save us...

The Dolls collapse into my arms. I can feel her body disintegrating rapidly.

I hold her tighter without thinking, but no matter how hard I try, I cannot stop her from fading away.

Commander: Who are you? What on earth happened to the base?!

She doesn't answer. Soon, her dying embers slip through my fingers.

Trembling all over, I look down. The ground is covered in ashes...

ST AR-15: Commander...

RO635: You seemed to be having a nightmare.

M4 SOPMOD II: Were you dreaming of big monsters? I'll fight them for you!

Commander: I'm fine...

...At the temporary command post, the Commander wakes up from a nightmare with a start.

Commander: It was just a very realistic nightmare.

The Commander is still a bit unnerved.

They cast their eye over to M4, who is slumbering on the sofa, utterly oblivious to the disturbance.

After fussing over her blanket for a bit, the Commander lets out a sigh at the sight of her gaunt face.

Commander: M4...Still hasn't come to?

ST AR-15: No, we've been watching over her the whole time.

Commander: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't worry, Commander! M4 will surely be fine!

RO635: Commander, have some water to calm your nerves first. Your heartbeat is quite elevated.

Commander: Thanks, RO.

The Commander is just about to get up when a cold, soft hand wraps around theirs.

M4A1: Hm... Commander?

Commander: M4, you're awake?

M4 SOPMOD II: M4! Are you alright?! You've been sleeping for so long...

M4A1: I'm okay...

M4 slowly sits up with the Commander's help and rubs the sleep out of her eyes.

ST AR-15 and SOP-II have already rushed up to her side, while RO comes over with a warm towel.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm so happy that you're fine!

ST AR-15: How are you feeling?

M4A1: Just a little tired...

M4A1: How long was I asleep? Did anything happen while I was out?

ST AR-15's expression of concern suddenly turns into one of disquiet.

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1: ...Is something on my face?

ST AR-15's face darkens. Ignoring M4's question, she takes M4's face in both hands and starts examining it closely.

Commander: What is it, 15?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm, something doesn't feel right...

ST AR-15: You...

M4A1: 15... You're hurting me...

Commander: 15, let go!

ST AR-15 lets go grudgingly and turns to the Commander.

ST AR-15: This isn't M4.

Commander: What?!

M4A1?: If I'm not M4...Then who am I...?

ST AR-15: ...

M4A1?: 15...

M4A1?: Didn't we promise each other that we'd go home together?

ST AR-15: You!

RO635: 15, calm down!

At the sight of RO struggling to hold back a raging ST AR-15, Dandelion drops her pretense altogether.

Dandelion: Oh dear, the cat's already out of the bag. That was no fun at all.

Commander: You're Dandelion...

M4 SOPMOD II: Where's M4? Where did you put her?!

Dandelion: Who knows? Maybe I consumed her.

M4 SOPMOD II: Liar!

SOP-II lunges at Dandelion and bites her on the shoulder.

RO635: SOP-II!

Commander: ...

Upon learning that Dandelion is once again in control of this body, the Commander plops down on the sofa dejectedly.

RO635: Commander...

While RO is distracted, ST AR-15 and SOP-II charge at Dandelion, filling the quiet command post with their noisy bickering.

RO quickly offers the crestfallen Commander a cup of warm water.

RO635: Commander, M4 will definitely be back.

Commander: I know...

There is an uncertain knock on the door.

Standing by the door that got ripped of its hinges, Khaybar looks around the disorderly command post in bewilderment.

Khaybar: Commander...Is everything alright in here?

Commander: Yeah, just having some usual bickering.

Khaybar: Is this what life is usually like at the Griffin base...?

Commander: Uh, not exactly...

Khaybar: Oh right, the Earl just left a message in response to your inquiry regarding the exchange of hostages proposed by Paradeus that I passed on to him earlier.

Commander: What did he say?

Khaybar: He said, "You may do what you will with Morridow."

Commander: Please convey my gratitude to the Earl for his continued support.

Khaybar: Will do.

Khaybar skirts around the various obstacles lying on the floor and vanishes from sight.

UMP45: Are we really handing Morridow over?

UMP45: M4 did say she was going to handle it, but what happened at the airport was way too sudden.

RO635: She mentioned a timing. This happens to be a good one.

RO635: We can go along with her plan and even get Ange back.

UMP45: But she never explained her plan in detail before she was gone.

RO635: She didn't leave any concrete instructions, but her intention is clear.

UMP45: I also want to get Ange back, but if we botch this, Morridow might return to William with an abundance of information about us.

UMP45: We'll be playing right into Paradeus' hands. Our losses will be devastating.

Commander: The stakes are very high, 45, but this is also a rare opportunity for us to get our hands on William.

UMP45: Hm, I see what you mean, but I still think this is too risky...

UMP45 has more to say, but she's interrupted by a racket.

Dandelion: Don't forget, I haven't run out of instances of immunity yet.

ST AR-15: You have no such thing!

ST AR-15: Y-you go and explain the situation to the Commander yourself!

M4 SOPMOD II: Make sure you tell them everything!

Dandelion is pushed up to the Commander. She looks a little disheveled, and her hair is tousled.

But she doesn't seem to mind. She dusts herself off and looks at the Commander evenly.

Dandelion: M4 is gone. To be more exact, Lunasia is gone.

Commander: Where has she gone?

Dandelion: I'm not sure, but I can feel that she's not here.

Commander: Do you know when she'll be back again?

Dandelion: No, Commander. I don't know any more than you do.

ST AR-15: What else are you hiding?

Dandelion: I also want to see M4 again. After all, she's the only one who has the answers to a lot of perplexing questions.

Dandelion: But unfortunately, I cannot get a hold of her, nor can I determine when she will return again.

M4 SOPMOD II: I miss M4...

RO635: We'll definitely see her again.

RO635: But before that, we have a job to do.

Commander: ...

The Commander looks up at the AR Team.

Ever since they arrived in Berlin, these Dolls have never rested. They've been on high alert and in constant danger the whole time.

They may be Dolls, but even they are near their limit.

Commander: Let's push it one last time. For our final mission.

At the agreed time, the Commander has Khaybar dial the number.

The call is picked up after seven rings.

???: You are very punctual, Commander. Have you come to a decision regarding our deal?

Commander: I'll agree to the exchange, but I want to speak to Ange before that.

???: What if I say no?

Commander: I need to be certain that she is still alive and well. If you can't even afford us this courtesy, then it will be difficult for us to proceed with the exchange.

The person on the other end snickers and puts down the handset.

Shortly after, a stifled scream comes through the speaker.

The Commander grips the handset tightly, their knuckles are white.

???: Satisfied?

???: Now you know for sure that Ange is indeed still alive and well.

Commander: ...

???: Now, about the exchange.

Commander: Two hours from now, same place. We'll meet at the airport.

???: No problem.
Part 4: -48-5-6.txt

4

...At the airport warehouse.

Pale fluorescent light shines upon the two Nytos' long hair, making the woman sitting in a wheelchair behind them all the more lackluster in comparison.

???: I like punctual people.

Commander: Where is Ange?

???: I've brought her. Where is the one I asked for?

Commander: ...

The Commander's gaze darts toward the woman sitting in the shadow with her head bowed, but her features are completely obscured by the dark.

Commander: Is that really Ange?

???: If I were you, I would not answer a question with another question.

Grig unsheaths her sabre and recedes into the shadows. She holds her sharp blade against Ange's neck.

One flick of her wrist will send blood gushing out of Ange's neck.

Commander: ...

Commander: Morridow is right here. Khaybar.

Khaybar: I'm here.

Khaybar opens the crate in which Griffin's hostage is being held, and Morridow comes rolling out.

Morridow: Where have you brought me now?

Morridow: I hope you're switching things up a bit; I'm really tired of your old interrogation tricks.

Khaybar: Shut your mouth!

Khaybar trains her weapon on Morridow's fatal spot.

???: Teacher...

Morridow: That voice... Gray?

Commander: It's your turn. Let me see Ange.

Gray: Sure.

Gray's lips curl into a cruel smile. She claps her hands.

Gray: You can wait for Ange in Hell.

Whoosh! Khaybar is sent flying in an instant. When she looks back at where she was standing, Morridow is already nowhere to be found.

Only the woman with the bowed head remains in the shadow where Gray and Grig were.

UMP45: Verdammt, I knew it!

RO635: ...

Now certain that Morridow has been taken from them, the Commander and RO635 exchange a look.

Bangbangbang!

Paradeus units lurking in the dark open fire, and the woman's wheelchair is shot to pieces.

UMP45: An—! It wasn't Ange after all.

A black-haired Nyto collapses to the ground from her wheelchair, her long dark hair appears dull under the pale light.

She is wearing Ange's clothes and even bears the same scars.

Commander: Set up a line of defense and prepare to engage the enemy!

RO635: Roger!

Dandelion: Incoming ambushers at 6 o'clock.

ST AR-15: From behind us as well?! Paradeus sure is giving us the proper VIP treatment...

Kaboom!

The explosion coming from behind knocks the Commander off their feet.

Through a hail of flung-up dirt, the Commander can barely make out a white figure charging straight at them...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm coming, Commander!

Bangbangbang!

Under an intense barrage, the white figure is like a piece of paper that gets fed into a shredder, its fragments drifting lightly to the ground.

But soon enough, as if someone had pressed copy and paste, a new white figure appears and comes charging in again...
Part 5: -48-5-7-point.txt

5

...The flickering white light casts shadows of despair on the Dolls' faces.

It also illuminates the approaching Paradeus units.

UMP45: We'll cover your retreat, Commander.

UMP45: Don't forget, the AR Team cannot be backed up, but we can.

UMP45: By the way, remember to pay for our upgrades; Dier has been waiting for the payment for a really long time.

UMP45 slaps on her final magazine and gestures for the Commander and the AR Team to fall back behind Squad 404.

Commander: No, we won't be able to get very far even if you sacrifice yourself to buy us time.

RO635: 15, how are you holding up?

The Commander looks at the AR Team worriedly. To save the Commander, ST AR-15 has taken multiple bullets in the leg, which has vastly reduced her agility.

RO and SOP-II can still fight, but their stamina is obviously running very low.

Dandelion: Don't look at me. It's not like I want to be useless; it's not my fault that the last user of this body drained so much of its energy.

Commander: ...

UMP45: Run, Commander. If you don't go now, we'll ALL die here.

Bangbangbang!

Under UMP45's command, Squad 404 moves in front of the AR Team and starts covering them.

416: Gr G11, what are you doing?!

Gr G11: Ugh... The enemies are like bugs... Gah...

UMP9: Gr G11!

The endless waves of enemies are overwhelming Gr G11's neural processing capacity and she is about to crash.

416: Why does it have to be now?! 9, cover me!

UMP9: Okay!

Bangbangbang!

Under UMP9's fire support, 416 removes Gr G11 from the frontline, but this further weakens their already suppressed firepower.

M4 SOPMOD II: Come on! Come at me!

RO635: Don't be rash, SOP-II!

A bullet grazes SOP-II's mechanical limb and sends sparks flying. Her evasion speed is significantly slower than before.

UMP45: Stop dawdling, Commander!

Commander: We're retreating together! Blow up the wall and force our way through!

RO635: Commander, if we create an explosion in such an enclosed space, you will...

Commander: Just do as I say!

RO635: ...Yes, Commander!

Bangbangbang!

Under Squad 404's cover, RO gathers all the explosives and prepares to demolish the wall of the warehouse.

RO635: Commander, whenever you're ready!

ST AR-15: Protect the Commander!

The exhausted Dolls huddle around the Commander in the hope of neutralizing as much of the explosive impact as possible.

The Paradeus units, who know neither pain nor fatigue, are still coming for the Commander...

UMP45: Would it kill you to not take any risks...?

Commander: Haha, I guess it would...

Commander: RO, on three.

RO635: Roger!

Commander: One...

416 shields Gr G11 behind herself, while UMP45 wordlessly plants herself in front of Squad 404.

Commander: Two...

RO steps in to block ST AR-15 and SOP-II, while Dandelion surreptitiously shuffles behind the Commander.

The Commander takes a deep breath and prepares to say the final number.

As if they were about to finish an incantation for some unknown magic spell.

Commander: (Inhales)

Boom!

The powerful explosion almost tears the entire roof off the warehouse.

Commander: RO, why did you jump the—

RO635: I didn't...

The Commander stares at RO, who looks just as confused.

Gentle morning light comes pouring into the warehouse through the wall that has been demolished with great accuracy.

Agent: Perfect timing.

Outside the wide-open cabin door of an aircraft stand several girls wielding heavy weaponry.

Agent: Commander, if you could all please move aside.

Gager: You're blocking my trajectory.

Commander: It's you...

RO635: Our reinforcements!

ST AR-15: Finally...

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow... You're so cool!

Bangbangbang!

Drones flit over the Commander's and the Dolls' heads and start attacking Paradeus' forces.

Scarecrow : The enemies have thick armor, so Gager and Alchemist should make the first move. I'll help by cleaning up after you.

Alchemist: Here I come! ♪

Executioner: Hahahaha... It's been so long since I last indulged in such carnage!

Executioner leaps up with her heavy sword lifted and lands smack in the middle of Paradeus' formation.

M4 SOPMOD II: Woohoo! Now I can also get a nice workout...

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Hey, save some for me...
Part 6: -48-5-8.txt

6

...At the airport warehouse, the Commander successfully repels Paradeus' assault with Sangvis Ferri's help.

ST AR-15: Tsk, it really was a trap. They didn't even bring Ange.

Commander: ...

UMP45: Don't panic, Commander. Ange won't go without putting up a fight.

Commander: I know. Let's get ourselves out of this sticky situation first.

Khaybar runs over while panting heavily.

Commander: What is it?

Khaybar: Commander... I just received some terrible news...

Commander: What happened?

Khaybar: I...Don't know how to tell you...

Khaybar: You'd better see for yourself...

The Commander's hands start trembling inexplicably as they bring up the news.

"Breaking news! Multiple PMC bases came under artillery bombardment in the Neo-Soviet Union..."

Commander: ...

The Commander's mind goes blank. All they can see is a blinding white light.

???: Save us...

Agent: ...

RO635: Commander...

Commander: What happened to the Dolls?!

KH2002: I looked through all the reports, but no one has been able to contact the Griffin base because of an electronic blockade. We don't know what's happening in there.

Commander: I need to go back! Right now!

Commander: Khaybar, get me the next flight!

Khaybar: Yes, Commander! I'm already contacting the airport staff!

Khaybar: However, due to the most recent destruction to airport facilities, it will take them some time to make the arrangements...

The Commander crumples into a sitting position on the ground in a daze.

The airport is actually quite chilly, but a roaring fire is burning in their heart...

...Neural Cloud Storage Room, Basement 3, Griffin Base.

Standing in front of the crisscrossed network that is the neural cloud servers, Helian looks both small and frail.

Ingram: So many... Is our data all stored within them?

Persica: You see? That's why I told you it's impossible.

Helian: ...

Helian: Then think of a way to make it possible.

Persica: With our current manpower, the most feasible solution would be to compress all the data into a single storage unit before transport.

Persica: However, this comes with two risks. Firstly, there's a possibility that some data will be lost during decompression. Secondly, if the storage unit is destroyed, all our Dolls' data will be lost.

Helian: Can't we back up the data?

Persica: You've got to be kidding me. Where am I supposed to find enough spare hard drives to do that?!

Helian: ...

Helian: We'll do it your way.

Persica: Are you absolutely sure? This is the memory of the entire Griffin base... No...

Persica: For the Dolls, this is their most essential component...

Persica: The slightest damage to the data could have a serious impact on their self-concept.

Ingram: ...

Helian: Yes, I'm sure. Get started.

Persica: You know, there's actually another solution.

Persica: We leave the neural cloud server right here. I'm confident that the insurgents won't find them.

Helian: What if they just level the entire Griffin base?

Persica: ...

Helian: Judging by the commotion they've caused so far, this isn't going to be a small-scale attack.

Helian: I think...This is just the beginning.

Persica: Since you've already made the decision, I'll start making the preparations.

Helian: Then please.

Persica: You... Yes, you, rugged Doll. Come and give me a hand.

Ingram: Sure.

Helian's communicator chirps to life.

Kryuger: Helian, I'm leading the Dolls over to regroup with you. When we're there, we'll escort our neural cloud servers and evacuate.

Helian: Understood. But where are we supposed to go?

Kryuger: We can't confront the enemy's assault head-on, so we must go downward to evade them.

Helian: Downward... But we'll be fencing ourselves in...

Kryuger: We don't have a choice.

Kryuger: Don't worry, Helian. Even if it's a dead end, we'll definitely think of a way out.

Helian: ...Alright, I understand.

Helian ends the call.

The ceiling quakes due to the relentless explosions. Helian wipes away the dust stuck to the surface of the neural cloud servers.

Helian: As long as we still have everyone, we will have a Griffin base no matter where we go.

...In the dormitory, Kryuger has assembled all the surviving Dolls.

Kryuger: Now let's do another headcount and reorganize our teams.

The T-Dolls line up in an orderly fashion and starts counting off one by one.

Kryuger's face grows increasingly grim as the process continues.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Dolls in the back, keep going!

The Dolls look at each other in wordless dismay.

Thompson: That was the last of us, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: ...

There is a long silence.

Kryuger: I see.

Kryuger: All of you, take turns to undergo emergency repairs at GSh-18's. Let the more heavily damaged Dolls go first.

Kryuger: Rest and prepare for our operation in the meantime. We're setting off in 20 minutes.

Thompson: Roger.

WA2000: What next, Mr. Kryuger? What's our operation plan?

Kryuger: Escort the neural cloud servers to the bottom level and await rescue.

Kryuger: This is going to be a very difficult battle. You must be prepared for that.

Kryuger: I'm not one to give out false reassurances. I'll just give it to you straight—

Kryuger: This mission is practically impossible.

The Dolls' pale faces look even more dejected.

Kryuger: We have already suffered terrible casualties, but more suffering awaits us.

Kryuger: Our only hope for victory is to deliver the neural cloud servers to safety.

Kryuger: If we succeed, then all of you, as well as the Dolls who have perished, will return.

Kryuger: If we fail, the Griffin base will cease to exist.

M14: We'll... cease to exist...

Kryuger: In all my years of military service, frankly speaking, this isn't the bleakest battle I've encountered—it's not even the second or third.

Kryuger: In the past, I would've started lecturing you on how to deal with this kind of situation.

Kryuger: But now, I know that you have already experienced even darker moments.

Kryuger: And the Commander has led you all out of the abyss one step at a time, by treading on the corpses of your friends and foes.

A faint glimmer returns to the dispirited eyes.

Kryuger: To all of you, who have already experienced true despair, this is all I have to say.

The Dolls are now ready and getting back to their feet one after the other.

Kryuger: Any more questions before we set off?

A slender arm is raised amid the silent group.

Kryuger: Tokarev, what can I clarify for you?

Tokarev: When will we be able to put all this bloodshed and strife behind us?

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: I'm sorry, Tokarev.

Kryuger: "Only the dead have seen the end of the war."
Part 7: -48-5-9-point.txt

7

【Warning】 The following is an important hint for this battle, please do not skip it!

Persica: As you can see, these are our neural cloud servers.

Persica: They may look heavy and bulky, but they're actually really fragile.

Persica: If you fight near them, there's a very high chance that you'll damage the hardware, which leads to data loss and damage.

Persica: The neural cloud servers contain the precious memories of the Dolls, so please carefully consider their position in battle.
Part 8: -48-5-10.txt

    8chevron_right

...After meeting up with Persica, Kryuger directs the Doll squads to begin moving the neural cloud servers.

The original plan was to avoid the enemies using the Factory's elevators, but the continuous explosions have blocked their path.

The omnipresent enemies and the severe damage to the friendly squads make every decision of Kryuger's a vital one.

As Kryuger decides their next move, the Doll squads stop in the Factory to rest.

Thanks to Persica's tinkering, the neural cloud servers are much less of a load on the Dolls, but it is still a very heavy one for the current Doll squads.

Helian scrolls worriedly though the Dolls' statuses on her tablet as she walks toward Persica, who is sitting on the ground and drinking coffee.

Helian: Persica, is there a way to lighten the servers more?

Persica is so mad that she spits out her coffee.

Persica: What the hell are you saying? How could I finish software and hardware applicability tests, data compression, device remov—

Helian: Stop complaining. Just get to the point.

Persica: No, there isn't! Unless you move the servers back and give me half a month to optimize them!

Persica: Oh, and I'll need someone on full-time coffee-brewing duty for me—

Helian sighs and walks over to Kryuger.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, given our current situation, I believe it is impossible to move the neural cloud servers away.

Helian: Should we consider Persica's suggestion and return the neural cloud servers—

Kryuger: Helian, do you remember your first mission after joining the Griffin base?

Helian: ...Yes.

Kryuger: Back then, the Griffin base was only a year old or so, and Doll mercenaries were a rare thing.

Kryuger: All of society was watching us unblinkingly, looking forward to us making fools of ourselves.

Helian: Yes, back then people still couldn't accept human mercenaries being replaced by Dolls.

Kryuger: Your very first mission was to lead a squad of Dolls into the contaminated zones to recover supplies.

Kryuger: Entering the contaminated zones was already extremely risky to begin with, and the first-gen Tactical Dolls was nowhere as efficient as they are now.

Helian: But I didn't disgrace Griffin, and the success of the mission even dealt those naysayers a tight slap.

Kryuger: Haha... Yes, no matter how much you cried or how much stress you were under, you grit your teeth and completed the mission.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger... Why are you bringing up such ancient history...?

Kryuger: To me, it feels like it happened yesterday.

Helian: ...

Kryuger: And now, we are at another turning point.

Kryuger: Once again, Griffin's future is in our hands.

Helian: ...I understand.

Helian gazes at the Dolls working around her.

Helian: We'll make it through as well this time.

... Carter's fingers drum rhythmically on the table.

Carter: Haven't you found the objective yet?

Spetsnaz Officer: We've taken the whole of Basement 1, but we haven't found any traces of humans.

Carter: Griffin has taken more than 50% Doll casualties so far. This is a very good start.

Carter: Don't let up. Press the attack.

Spetsnaz Officer: Understood.

Carter: Remember at all times that Kryuger is a monster who strikes back the moment he can catch his breath.

Carter: That is his strength, but if you can make use of it, it can also become a fatal weakness.

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes sir! I will inform the men.

The Spetsnaz officer returns to his post and the battle zone inside the Griffin base.

Carter's gaze turns to the floorplan of the Griffin base and the Doll count.

Carter: Now how will you turn this around, Kryuger?

At the temporary command post.

Carter has positioned himself in front of the holographic map, where he is listening to his subordinates' sitreps.

His people have reported their activities on all their targets from west to east, but Carter's eyes have always been fixed on one place.

Spetsnaz Liaison: ...And that's the current state of the operation.

Spetsnaz Liaison: In summary, with the exception of the Griffin base in Area S09, the battles for all the other PMCs are now in the cleanup phase.

Carter: And what stage of the operation plan is the Griffin base at?

Spetsnaz Liaison: We've encountered heavy resistance, so we are still trying to break into the base interior, meaning we have fallen behind schedule.

Spetsnaz Liaison: At the same time, we've taken casualties to our combat teams. While we still hold an absolute advantage...

Spetsnaz Liaison: General, should we continue this stalemate?

Carter: The Griffin base is not like other PMCs. There is a unique strategic significance to it.

Carter: It will be worthwhile, no matter how high a price we have to pay.

Spetsnaz Liaison: Yes, sir...

Carter: You may leave.

After executing a textbook salute, the liaison leaves.

Carter plants both arms thoughtfully on the holographic map.

Carter: And here I thought it would be easy with that young Commander in Berlin.

Carter: How could I have forgotten about you, Kryuger? Age has not dulled your skills in the least.

Spetsnaz Officer: General, I have a report on the battle situation.

Carter: What stage is the plan at now?

Spetsnaz Officer: We have committed all our manpower to attacking the base.

Spetsnaz Officer: Currently, we have destroyed all surface structures and are attacking their underground facilities.

Carter: Show me your combat logs.

Spetsnaz Officer: A moment, please.

A detailed summary of the operation against the Griffin base appears on the projection in front of Carter.

He immediately starts reading it.

Carter: So you've sealed off all their routes of retreat, but you still haven't found a trace of Kryuger or the neural cloud servers?

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes.

Carter: Divert all the combat teams from the other PMC bases to the Griffin base. Bring more force to bear.

Carter: Eliminating Kryuger and Helian is a priority that supersedes the basic objective of wiping out all the Dolls. Without human commanders, that group of Dolls has no chance.

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes, sir!

After giving another solemn salute, the soldier vanishes from the transmission window. Carter's gaze returns to the map of the Griffin base.

Carter: If I were you...

Carter: I'd hide on the bottom level and look for a chance to fight back...

After twiddling a flag in his hand for a while, Carter plants it squarely on level B3 of the Griffin base.

Basement 3, in the Factory.

Helian is taking stock of the Dolls' injuries.

Helian: Waiting for part replacement. This one as well. Hm, this one can't fight anymore, assignment changed to supply carrier...

Helian: She'll be able to move once she gets fixed. GSh-18, prioritize—

Helian: Nevermind, she's too busy, I'll take care of it myself.

Helian kneels beside the injured Doll and personally carries out the repairs.

Helian: Ingram, get me a wrench, that one—

A wrench that's just the right size is passed over Helian's shoulder.

Helian: How do you know this is the one I need?

Surprised, Helian turns around, and her eyes grow wide.

Helian: M4!

M4A1: ...

Helian: What are you doing here...?

Persica: Aha, got you!

Persica pokes her head out from behind M4, looking very proud of herself.

Persica: This isn't M4. This is an AR Team Dummy that I specially left in reserve.

Helian: ...I thought I was seeing things.

Helian: However, it does mean our fighting power will be boosted a little.

Persica: Yeah, with these AR Team Dummies around, I might be able to preserve some of my experimental materials...

Just as Persica is musing about her lab supplies, Helian has smoothly incorporated the AR Team Dummies into the current Doll squad deployment.

On the other side of the room, Kryuger is re-forming the Doll squads and commencing the next round of tactical deployments.

Kryuger: All Dolls who have completed their repairs, gather round!

Kryuger: I'll be going over the plan for the upcoming battle.

The Dolls assemble quickly in neat rows in front of Kryuger.

Kryuger: Webley, what news is there of the enemy movements?

Webley: The enemy squads have penetrated every corner of the base. Basement 2 is about to be overrun.

Thompson: Mr. Kryuger, we are extremely low on weapons and manpower now. We can't fight the enemy head-on anymore.

Kryuger: Right. We'll be splitting up into two teams. One team will escort the neural cloud servers and continue to the lower levels to take shelter and wait for help to arrive.

Kryuger: The other team will delay the enemy offensive for as long as possible to buy the escort team time.

Helian: ...

Helian stands by Kryuger's side and looks at the paltry ranks of Dolls.

An acute sense of sorrow fills her heart. Griffin has lost more than half of its Dolls, and in the upcoming battle, more and more of these lovely faces will continue to perish.

Kryuger: Before I officially start assigning teams, I will make each team's mission clear.

Kryuger: I will lead the Dolls who choose to stay to hold off the enemy. We will be facing a grueling, difficult battle.

Kryuger: Our ammo stockpiles are critically low, all of you have sustained injuries of different severity, and our supply of Dummies is also dwindling. Meanwhile, the enemies we're about to face are well-equipped and well-provisioned soldiers.

The looks on the Dolls' faces turn grim.

Kryuger: The escort team's mission is by no means easy either. You will bear the future of Griffin on your shoulders as you head downwards.

Kryuger: If we fail, you will be the only hope for the Griffin base to survive.

Kryuger: Helian, you will be leading the escort team.

Helian: Understood.

Kryuger: The Dolls who cannot fight will be automatically assigned to the escort team. As for everyone else, you are free to decide where you want to go.

There is little hesitation. The Dolls soon split up into two rows.

MP-443: Tokarev, are you serious?

Tokarev: Yeah, I want to keep fighting.

MP-443: ...No way. You too, Ribeyrolles?

Ribeyrolles: I can't bear the weight of hope... I'd rather perish in the fires of war...

MP-443: ...

PPK: What the heck are you looking at me for, can you imagine me working as a delivery worker?

MP-443: You're mad... You're all mad...

MP-433, who is about to head over to the escort team, changes her mind and doubles back.

MP-443: I might as well go mad with you too...

Contrary to Kryuger's expectations, the number of Dolls in the blocking team far outnumbers the escort team.

Kryuger: Thank you all for your trust.

Kryuger: Time is tight, so before the battle begins, there is one last bit of preparation to do—

Kryuger: Get rid of everything on you that isn't your weapon or your ammo.

Kryuger: We will be fighting many battles, and even a single extra kilo of weight could influence the entire outcome.

T-Dolls: ...

Kryuger: I know you're carrying items which have significant meaning to you, mementos which help you remember your friends or yourselves.

Kryuger: But right now, I need you to abandon these feelings and focus all your processing power on combat.

Kryuger: Don't worry, you'll have time to say your goodbyes. I'll be waiting for you outside the Factory. Form up outside once you're ready.

Kryuger exits the Factory by himself.

Feeling conflicted, the Dolls exchange looks, but then they rearrange their gear as ordered.

By the time the last Doll leaves the Factory, it is dramatically different from how it was a few days ago.

The walls are covered with encouraging slogans—

"Victory for Griffin!" "I'll be back!", and the like.

The ground is also littered with all kinds of objects left behind by the Doll—

From drinks that they couldn't finish with their friends, intricately carved rocks, the personal items of fallen Dolls...

Standing in the middle of all this, Helian feels that the Factory is no longer just a factory, but a miniature museum.

One dedicated to love, death and robots.

Inside Havier's office, in the IOP research center.

Spiraling clouds of smoke cling to the ceiling of the tightly-shut office. They coil and writhe, but do not dissipate.

He has not smoked for a very long time. People have given him cigars in the past, but they have been largely set aside. Today, however, he has finally found an opportunity to light them.

...That said, he has only taken a few puffs from them. For the most part he simply lights them over and over again, then leaves them to burn out.

The communicator doesn't even manage to complete a full ring before Havier picks it up.

Havier: Hello.

"Old Misha": ...How are things, Havier?

The bass voice of an old man comes from the other end of the line.

Havier: They've made their move.

"Old Misha": Yes... Was it as we expected?

Havier: In all ways.

Havier: We were right, Carter just won't give up.

Havier: We'll raise the net once they make even more of a mess.

"Old Misha": ...Very good.

Havier: Still, there is one thing I would like to seek your opinion on.

"Old Misha": Are you talking about those PMCs?

Havier: What they have done should not be forgotten.

"Old Misha": Nobody will forget them.

Havier: I understand your plan, and I have faithfully executed it.

Havier: However, Griffin has made vital contributions to our cause.

Havier: In addition, Persica's talents are one-of-a-kind.

Havier: I believe there is no need to have them all buried beneath the earth... What say you?

"Old Misha": You may do as you see fit.

"Old Misha": I will not interfere...So long as the outcome is not affected.

Havier: ...Understood.

Havier: Thank you for your magnanimity.
Part 2: -48-6-2.txt

2

Kaboom!

Explosions occasionally filter down to the shooting range on Basement 2.

In the dim light, Kryuger can make out the Dolls lying in ambush, nervously waiting for the enemy to arrive.

Webley: Mr. Kryuger, the enemy's first wave has reached Zone D3.

Kryuger: Squad D5, stay alert.

Thompson: Roger! Dummies have been deployed.

Webley: The enemy's first wave has arrived in Zone D4. Their second wave has reached Zone D3.

Kryuger: All units, stay alert. The enemy is about to step into the snare.

The Dolls remain carefully still as they stare in the direction where the enemy is coming from, their fingers poised on their trigger.

Though their surroundings are utterly silent, the Dolls have a feeling that rustling footsteps are drawing close to them...

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Get ready...

The order to fire is about to come.

Fingers tighten around triggers.

The enemy could rush out from around the corner at the very next moment...

...In front of the backup elevator in Basement 3.

Helian and the escort team are waiting for the elevator.

Persica notices Helian keeps looking uneasily toward the ceiling.

Persica: Helian, are you worried about Kryuger and the others?

Helian: Yeah, the enemy outmatches us too greatly.

Persica: Relax. As they say, "Mankind's most powerful weapon is familiarity and faith."

Helian: You seem surprisingly carefree at a time like this.

Persica: You guys at the Griffin base have never disappointed me, after all.

Persica: Rather than worry about them, you should be more concerned about our servers.

Helian turns around and look at the escort team. Almost all the Dolls who can still fight have volunteered for the blocking team. All she has are just a few remnants.

Under normal circumstances, they ought to be in the repair bay.

GSh-18: We'll be fine, Miss Helian.

The Dolls do their best to appear casual and relaxed even as they drag the heavy neural cloud servers with their badly-damaged bodies.

Helian: ...

Helian: Thank you all for the work you have done.

Helian: Just hang in there. Help will surely arrive.

Helian looks back up at the ceiling for the Nth time.

Persica has no idea whether she's looking at Kryuger or at the direction where help might be coming from.

...At the shooting range in Basement 2.

The blocking team huddles together, checking the bodies of the recently slain enemies and salvaging usable ammo.

Kryuger: Four humans and seven Military automatons.

Kryuger: That's an elite squad deployment. Carter must be wringing his hands up there.

Webley: Mr. Kryuger, we haven't found any signs of an enemy advance yet.

Webley: We've spotted the enemy withdrawing to Basement 1 through the Basement 1 and 2 stairwell.

Kryuger: Good, keep observing them.

MP-443: Withdrawing...? Don't tell me that's all the people they have?

Tokarev: Well, the enemy HAS lost a lot of people...

Thompson: Should we attempt a counterattack, Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger contemplates the matter as he rifles through the enemy's gear.

Kryuger: From what I know of Carter, he's probably waiting for backup and resupply, so he's chosen to fall back temporarily.

Thompson: If we can wipe them all out before they can resupply, we'll be able to drive the frontline all the way forward in one blow...

Kryuger: Indeed, there's another reason we should give it a try; we need to get back to the armory to top-up on stores, and this is also a good opportunity to buy ourselves some time.

Kryuger: Helian, the enemy's falling back, we're going to try for a counterattack. Stick to the plan and keep retreating downwards.

Helian: ...Roger. Please stay safe.

Kryuger: We will.

Kryuger: Ladies, get ready, we're beginning our counterattack!

...At the entrance to the backup elevator on Basement 3.

Under Helian's command, the Dolls move back and forth in an orderly manner between Basements 3 and 4 as they transport the neural cloud servers.

Helian: I have a bad feeling about this.

Persica: Didn't Kryuger say the enemy was retreating?

Helian: What if it's a trap?

Persica: Given Kryuger's experience, he must have made that decision after considering all the possibilities.

Persica: If all we do is run, we'll end up waiting to be killed in the lower levels of the base sooner or later.

Helian: I know just waiting to be rescued is a rather passive course of action, but I'm just a little worried...

Persica: Well, at least you can beat these enemies.

Persica: If I were going up against you, I'd seal off the entrances and exits to the base and flood the whole place!

Helian: ...

Kaboom!

The elevator gives a violent shudder, then the power supply cuts out.

Helian: What's wrong?

Helian opens the power management systems through the tactical tablet and discovers that the power supply to Basement 2 has been cut.

Helian: Did the enemy do that...?

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, are you okay over there?

All she hears over the channel is white noise and a busy tone.

Persica: Protect the servers!

GSh-18: Everyone, don't panic!

Kaboom!

The constant shellfire drives the remaining Dolls to huddle together, like a flimsy little raft amidst towering waves.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger...

...At the corridor that joins Basement 1 and Basement 2, Kryuger leads the blocking team in ferocious pursuit, and they wipe out the few enemies who have been left behind.

PPK: They sure do love playing hide-and-seek. They run whenever we give chase.

MP-443: We've got them running scared!

Kryuger: Wait. Cease pursuit.

Kryuger raises his hand to signal to the squad to stop.

Thompson: What's wrong, Mr. Kryuger? A little more and we'll be at the B1 Armory, where we can resupply.

Kryuger: The enemy is baiting us. Every time they reach the limit of our attack range, they run.

WA2000: But why would they string us along like this? And they've already lost so many men...

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: Fall back for now.

Kryuger's expression shifts when he suddenly recalls something.

But in the next moment—

Fizzle... The power supply makes its last gasp before dying.

The light cuts out in an instant, and darkness falls.

Kryuger: Get down! Put on your night vision gear!

Bangbangbang!

Kaboom!

Intense gunfire pulverizes the walls in an instant.

Bullets and shellfire come in all directions and there's no way to tell friend from foe.

The Dolls are swimming blind in a vast ocean of blackness, darting between the surging waves and ducking the bullets that whiz past them.

Kryuger: So it WAS you, Carter...

Thompson: What should we do, Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: Dolls with night vision gear, cover our retreat!

Tokarev: Yes, sir!

Kryuger: You've got to hold on, Helian...

Kaboom!

A shell goes off at close range.

Kryuger: Ugh...

Thompson: Mr. Kryuger!

Thompson: Requesting backup, Mr. Kryuger's been hit by an explosion!

...In front of the stalled lift on Basement 3.

Thompson: Miss Helian, we're falling back to Basement 3. Mr. Kryuger's been badly hurt...

Helian: What?!

Thompson: Mr. Kryuger is unconscious, we need leadership!

Thompson: We're currently attempting to shake off enemy pursuit. Miss Helian, please assume command ASAP!

Helian: Understood. Continue retreating along your current course.

Thompson: We can't just come back like this, the enemy's hot on our heels!

Helian: ...

Persica: At times like these, you need to send out a squad to delay the enemy.

Persica: The neural cloud servers will be in danger if they lead the enemy straight to us.

Helian: Of course I know that...

In the few seconds Helian spends hesitating, a trembling voice comes over the line.

Tokarev: Miss Helian, please let me stay behind to hold off the enemy and buy the others time to retreat!

Helian: Tokarev...

Tokarev: Welrod gave her life to save me, so I want to do whatever I can...To help the others...

Helian: ...

Helian: Very well. Tokarev, you're now the leader of the blocking squad. Put a team together and get the others out of danger.

Tokarev: Roger!

After hanging up, Helian leans against a wall and slumps to the ground. A chill runs down her spine.

Once again, she can feel the terror of being trapped in the darkness.

...The blocking squad starts building a defense line while the others retreat one after the other.

Tokarev puts her back to a piece of cover and carefully listens for the enemy's movements.

Thompson: Those cunning bastards. With the power out, there's no way Miss Helian can transport the neural cloud servers either.

Tokarev: We'll think of a way to fix it.

Thompson: I'm staying here with you.

PPK: All we can do is buy time. Eventually, the enemy will overwhelm us.

PPK: When that happens, you need to take the remaining Dolls to protect Mr. Kryuger and Miss Helian, as well as the neural cloud servers.

PPK: Let us handle this mission. It's easy enough—all we have to do is die. Your mission is a lot harder.

Ribeyrolles: Yeah...

Tokarev: Don't worry. We'll fight until the end.

Thompson: ...

Thompson: I'll leave a squad behind as a second defense line. If you can't take it anymore, fall back to them.

Thompson pats Tokarev on the shoulder, then slings the unconscious Kryuger on her back and leaves.

MP-443: I didn't expect I'd end up with you guys again.

Tokarev: It feels like Welrod has brought us together...

Ribeyrolles: ...

PPK: So, Miss Taking-Over-For-Welrod. What should we do now?

Tokarev: Delay the enemy and restore power.

MP-443: With just the few of us?

Tokarev: Yup, just the few of us.

In the darkness, Tokarev's eyes gleam with determination.

PPK: That's a bold plan. I like it.

MP-443: There's no way we can do it... Not with our current firepower...

Tokarev: We're going to avoid all stand-up fights.

Tokarev: Ever since the enemy entered the base, their tactic has been a concentrated bombardment, followed by sending in a squad to assault.

Tokarev: There's no way we can handle an attack like that in our present condition.

PPK: We'd be gone in less than a second. Wouldn't even leave a stain behind.

Tokarev: Also, I've noticed most of the enemies are using submachine guns and grenades. No pistols or melee weapons.

MP-443: Isn't that a standard loadout?

Tokarev: That means they aren't prepared to fight at anything closer than submachine gun range.

PPK: I think I get it now...

MP-443: What do you get?

Tokarev: We can use narrow passages to crush them in close combat.

Tokarev loads her pistol, and the shovel behind her back seems to emit an eerie glow in the darkness.

MP-443: This is starting to sound pretty exciting!

Ribeyrolles: Close combat... I can do that...

PPK: Looks like we've got a plan. Now then, that only leaves one question—

PPK: Who's going to be our lone wolf who fixes the power?

The excitement behind the cover suddenly cools off into silence.

Tokarev: W-why are you all looking at me...?
Part 3: -48-6-4.txt

3

...In a Basement 2 corridor of the Griffin base.

A rebel Spetsnaz trooper stands atop the corpses of the Dolls, reporting the situation to his commander.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: Sir, we're pursuing Doll squads in the Griffin base and we've found traces of human blood, but there's still no sign of Kryuger.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: A Doll squad is holding the passage to Basement 2 and they ambushed us. We're working to overcome them.

Spetsnaz Officer: Don't hold back your ammo. Break through them ASAP and continue pursuing Kryuger.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: Copy that. Also, a solitary Doll has been sighted in Zone D7.

Spetsnaz Officer: While she's probably just running around blindly because her neural cloud is confused...

Spetsnaz Officer: Send a few people over to make sure.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: Roger!

After hanging up, the Spetsnaz squad leader signals to the rest of his squad to follow him.

... 570 meters from the damaged power conduit.

Onward, onward, Tokarev runs alone through the darkness, toward the location of the damaged power conduit that Helian shared with her.

Tokarev: PPK, acknowledge!

PPK: PPK copies, go ahead.

Tokarev: I just heard an explosion from your direction, are you guys okay?

MP-443: Oh, it was just an enemy bombardment, the base's structure should be able to hold out for a while.

Tokarev: Glad to hear that...

PPK: Unfortunately, our location has been exposed.

PPK: And slightly sooner than expected.

Tokarev: ...

Ribeyrolles: Footsteps... They're very close.

PPK: Talk to you later. It's time for us to go.

The call ends.

Tokarev: Please be alright...

...At the blockade line, which has lasted for 7 minutes and 16 seconds so far.

MP-443: I'm impressed, PPK. You totally downplayed our situation.

PPK: Well, what did you expect me to say, that we're out of ammo, our cover is Swiss cheese, and we three pieces of trash are about to be forced into hand-to-hand combat?

Ribeyrolles: ...

Ribeyrolles: I'll cover you...

MP-443: Well, it's not like I haven't done close combat before, it's just that when I have to give up my pistol and fight with my shovel all of a sudden, it kind of—

An enemy rushes through the smoke of the explosion and is about to reach their battle line.

Whoosh!

With brutal efficiency, MP-443 swings her shovel down and chops deep into his neck.

MP-443: —Feels like a metal hurdle. You know what I mean?

PPK: ...You're actually in the mood to crack jokes at a time like this. You're tougher than I thought.

MP-443: ...

Ribeyrolles: More enemies incoming...

MP-443: No problem, we'll kill them as they come.

PPK and company duck behind cover again, counting the heavy footsteps of the incoming enemies.

MP-443 glances at Ribeyrolles. She gets the message and slowly moves to the leading edge of their cover to deliver a volley of preparation fire.

Ribeyrolles: Locking onto enemy...

Ribeyrolles: Target locked, preparing to fire.

Ping!

It is the sound of the shot being deflected by heavy armor.

MP-443: Crap, it's one of the big ones.

PPK: Looks like we'll have to use the grenades we were saving for ourselves.

The Dolls are forced to draw on their what little ammo they have left to handle this tough fight.

As they listen closely again, the footsteps vanish.

MP-443: Ribeyrolles, where's the enemy?

Ribeyrolles: They're gone...

PPK: ...

The three Dolls carefully poke their heads out from behind their cover.

Thud.

Thud thud thud...

Hasty footsteps ring out again, and a heavily-armored Military automaton sprints at them, holding bundled grenades in its arms...

PPK: Retreat! RETREAT!

Kaboom!

... 173 meters from the damaged power conduit.

Bangbangbang!

Tokarev huddles behind a door frame, avoiding the enemy's sweeping fire.

Tokarev: PPK, I've been spotted and I can't contact Miss Helian.

PPK: Can you still run? As for comms, we can't contact her either.

PPK: Don't go imagining things, it's probably just signal jamming.

Tokarev: Yeah, I'm okay. I'm just trapped for a bit.

PPK: Think of a way to get rid of them, otherwise they'll just destroy the conduit again after you fix it.

Tokarev: Let me see...

Tokarev: Are things going well for you?

PPK: Hehe, very well indeed, we're running circles around the enemy.

Tokarev: That's good to hear.

PPK: See you at the next check-in.

PPK hangs up.

The call seems to have given Tokarev strength, because she works up her courage and leaps out of the doorway.

Bangbangbang!

The bullets seem to be grazing past her...

...At the blockade. It has lasted for 9 minutes and 23 seconds so far.

MP-443: ...

PPK: What, not going to make a wisecrack?

MP-443: Do I LOOK like I have the energy to wisecrack?

MP-443 has only one leg left, so PPK is dragging her to the second defense line. The Dolls here have long since been blown up.

PPK collects what little ammo remains on the fallen Dolls.

PPK: As I thought, it's down to us.

MP-443: Did you get any mementos from Ribeyrolles just now?

PPK: ...

PPK: No, she was too close to the explosion. There was nothing left of her.

MP-443: I should have kept a little pebble on me or something when we were gearing up earlier...

MP-443: At least you'd have something to remember me by.

PPK: Well, you can forget about that. Neither of us is going back.

PPK: When we wake up again, we won't even have these memories.

MP-443: Then who will remember us?

PPK: Nobody, MP-443. Nobody will know what happened here except us, right now.

MP-443: That's awful. Could there be anything worse than that?

PPK: ...

PPK: Of course. Don't forget, I'll still have to hold out after you bite it.

MP-443: I didn't know you were so good at comforting people.

MP-443: In that case, can you sing me "Katyusha" before I'm gone?

PPK: I only know how to sing "Erika".

MP-443: That's fine too. Not like I can be picky when I'm about to die.

Kaboom!

The enemy's furious bombardment is very close by. The first defense line has been completely leveled.

PPK: Auf der Heide blüht ein kleines Blümelein ♪

PPK: Und das heißt Erika. ♪

PPK's song seems distant and unreal amidst the explosions.

PPK: Heiß von hunderttausend kleinen Bienelein ♪

PPK: Wird umschwärmt Erika. ♪

She can no longer hear the cannonfire and the hurried steps of the enemy. All that remains is PPK's quavering voice as she sings her song. MP-443 clutches her shovel and smiles.

... 0 meters from the damaged power conduit.

Tokarev rushes to repair the severed power lines with trembling hands.

The footsteps of the enemy behind her draw close. It seems they're just one corner away from coming up behind her...

Tokarev: PPK, I'm almost done!

PPK: How much longer?

Tokarev: 37 seconds!

PPK: Work faster.

Tokarev: I'm going as fast as I can...

Tokarev: PPK, why does your voice sound so weird?

PPK: Is that a confusing kind of weird or a sexy kind of weird?

Tokarev: ...

Tokarev: Okay, seriously, are you guys alright? It feels like I haven't heard from Ribeyrolles and MP-443 in a while...

PPK: What, are you so sick of hearing my voice?

PPK: No! Good thing you've been talking to me all this time...

Tokarev: Otherwise, I'd probably have broken down by now...

PPK: I'm sorry.

Tokarev: Huh?

PPK: This is as far as I can go with you.

Tokarev: PPK, what happened to you?

The power conduit is repaired and the power comes back on.

PPK: Run, Tokarev. Run and don't look back.

Tokarev: PPK?!

Kaboom! The sound of a massive explosion assaults Tokarev's ear.

Tokarev: ...PPK!!!

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: There she is!

Bangbangbang!

Tokarev rolls behind a corner and bullets whiz past her ear.

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Use the explosives! Flush it out and open fire!

Tokarev: Oh no... If they throw explosives this way, it might cut the power again...

Tokarev: There's no way Miss Helian and the others can drag all those heavy servers down the stairs...

Tokarev: I need to draw them off.

Bang!

In one swift movement, Tokarev ducks out of cover and returns fire, running in the opposite direction from the power lines.

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: Don't let it get away!

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Open fire!

Tokarev: ...

Tokarev uses the last of her ammo to drive the enemy back, then rolls backward behind a door.

But before Tokarev can hit the ground, a grenade is there waiting for her.

Kaboom!

Tokarev: Urgh...

The shockwave distorts her vision. Tokarev has no time to assess her body's condition. All she can do is make a mad dash in the opposite direction from the power conduit...

Tokarev: I need to buy as much time as I can for Miss Helian...

Tokarev: I mustn't waste their sacrifice...

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: Look out, the target's still moving!

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Step aside, I'll throw another!

Kaboom!

A searing explosion goes off behind Tokarev, throwing her to the ground and sending her skidding for quite some distance.

The enemy is hot on her heels, like starving wolves that have scented blood.

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: This Doll...

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Look out, she's got a gun!

Bangbang!

Through her blurry vision, Tokarev sees something fly from her body.

She strains to focus her eyes on it and realizes that it was her gun arm.

Eternal night is about to descend, weighing down on her eyelids. It feels like it will crush her completely in the next moment.

Tokarev: Everyone, I'm coming for you...

Suddenly, an ice-cold hand whips through the darkness and slaps her cheek.

Tokarev raises her heavy eyelids and sees PPK with a sadistic smile on her face.

Tokarev: PPK...

PPK: Get up, we're all watching you from behind.

Tokarev: You guys...

PPK vanishes into the air.

Tokarev stands up again and stumbles forward, as though in search of the light

Spetsnaz Trooper 1: What kind of monster is this?!

Bangbangbang!

Her leg gives way under her. Tokarev's body goes limp, and she falls forward once again onto the hard floor.

The darkness before her eyes swirls wildly, and in the middle of it is Tokarev's giddy neural cloud.

Spetsnaz Trooper 2: Don't get close. These Dolls are very good at close combat. Finish her off with a grenade.

Tokarev can feel the enemy's footprints echoing through her chest through the icy floor.

At this critical moment, Tokarev's neural cloud makes her recall something utterly unimportant.

It feels like being blindfolded in the middle of an intense standoff.

...Somewhat earlier this evening, while they were looking for some important supplies in the warehouse.

MP-443: Wow, I can't believe I actually put this souvenir here.

Tokarev: What's this?

MP-443: It's the remains of a bionic dog.

PPK: Why would you collect that?

MP-443: Hey, this dog made the news!

MP-443: It threw itself on a bomb that was about to explode to save its master.

Tokarev: So it's a symbol of loyalty.

MP-443: Nonono, I didn't collect it for such a lame reason.

MP-443: I collected it to remind myself that as Dolls, our entire body is a weapon.

MP-443: Even if we lose our weapons and ammo one day, we still have our bodies. I hope I'll remember that and have the courage to fight to the bitter end.

Welrod MkII: Well said, MP-443!

Tokarev is brought back to reality by a round of applause.

As Tokarev turns her head, she sees a heavily-wounded Welrod walk among the enemies, standing where one of them is taking out a grenade.

The enemy's silhouette and Welrod slowly overlap.

Tokarev: Welrod...

Her vision is blurred by tears.

Welrod MkII: "Do not go gentle into that good night."

Tokarev: "​​Old age should burn and rave at close of day;"

All Tokarev can see now is Welrod.

She forgets the enemy, forgets the shellfire, and forgets herself.

Welrod MkII: "Rage."

The only thing left in her neural cloud is a final directive—

Run.

RUN!

RUN FORWARD!

MP-443: As Dolls, our entire body is a weapon.

PPK: This is as far as I can go with you.

Ribeyrolles: Leave it to me...

Tokarev: HAAAAARGHHHH!

The sudden, bestial cry stuns the Spetsnaz troopers, and Tokarev breaks into a mad sprint, like some kind of monster.

She's getting closer to Welrod, and in the next moment, Tokarev embraces Welrod—

She hears Welrod's cry echo out to the edges of the sky.

Welrod MkII: RAGE AGAINST THE DYING OF THE LIGHT!!!

Tokarev: EEEYAAAAHHH!!!

Tokarev lunges at the enemy who is pulling out the pin of his grenade...

Kaboom!

Click. The secretary turns on the light switch.

Secretary: Director? Why were your lights off?

Zelinsky: I was looking at the map.

Zelinsky turns off the holographic map he was studying and looks at the secretary who has just entered the room.

Zelinsky: Any news?

Secretary: Yes, we've eliminated some of our forces from suspicion of treachery. They can be transferred any time.

Zelinsky: Have they sorted out their mess ?

Secretary: Yes, and we've found the reason for it.

Secretary: The MOD hub systems were disrupted and someone was sending many false commands from the inside.

Secretary: Most of our units ended up moving out because of this misinformation.

Secretary: Right now, some of our bases have successfully regained system control privileges and are starting to work off-grid.

Zelinsky: This is ridiculous... The Military's systems are about as hardened as papier-mache.

Zelinsky: Still, that proves there are many problems within our ranks.

Zelinsky: Fortunately, we still hold the initiative, for the most part.

Zelinsky shakes his head and rises from his chair.

Zelinsky: Report this to the brass.

Secretary: Yes, sir.

Zelinsky sits back down and turns the map on again, staring at it with an intense look on his face.

Zelinsky: A storm is coming...

Bangbangbang!

Boom!

Kaboom!

The endless stream of enemy fire has Helian and the others in dire straits. They are defending the elevator landing, barely holding on as they wait for the power to come back.

Helian: Tokarev!

Persica: Our comms are cut, we can't contact them!

Kaboom!

The enemy isn't making rash advances. Instead, they're planning to flush them out with their heavy guns.

The baptism of shellfire stirs the flames around the Dolls to burn hotter, and thick smoke is drifting everywhere.

Persica: Do something! At this rate, my lab instruments will be done for!

Kryuger: Thompson, assemble a defense line. Keep the enemy away.

Thompson: Yes, sir!

Helian: Mr. Kryuger...

A heavily-wounded Kryuger leans against the wall beside Helian, his face ashen.

Helian: Please hang on, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: Don't cry, Helian. Today should have been a happy one.

Helian: What do you mean happy? It's a terrible day...

Kryuger's hand trembles as he raises it and feels around inside his coat.

Helian: What are you looking for? I'll help you find it.

Kryuger: No. If nothing else, I must give this one thing to you in person.

Kryuger hands a bloodstained envelope to Helian.

When she opens it, she sees a plain, ordinary notice inside.

Helian: "Dear Miss Helian,"

Helian: "We are very pleased to inform you that Griffin & Kryuger PMC has decided to officially hire you as a permanent employee."

Helian: "Your employment starts from today, until forever."

Helian: This is...

Kryuger: As long as our base still exists, we will protect you forever.

Kryuger: That way, you won't have to force yourself to go to mixers or whatever.

Kryuger: You will always have a place you can turn to.

Helian: ...

Helian: I thought you hated words like "always" and "forever". You even scolded me for saying "always" when I first started my job.

Kryuger: Haha...

Helian: Good morning, Mr. Kryuger. I am Helian. I will be your adjutant starting from today.

Kryuger: Good. I hope you'll be worthy of my trust.

Helian: You can always trust me, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: Hey, newbie. Don't use words like "always" or "forever" so casually.

Kryuger: You proved yourself to me through your actions.

Kryuger: And you taught me that "forever" isn't a measurement of time, but—

Kryuger points wordlessly at his heart.

Helian: ...

Kryuger: This might be a really bad time for it, but I still want to tell you this.

Kryuger: Happy 10th work anniversary, Helian.

Kryuger: We were going to give you a surprise, but it got ruined.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger... Everyone...

Helian looks in surprise at the Dolls around her.

NTW-20: Sorry, Miss Helian, the cake's a mess now...

Thompson: We spent all night setting things up, but the bastards blew it all to hell!

Helian: Thank you...

Helian: I'm happy to be able to spend my last moments with you...

As she hears the enemy clearing the passage of burning debris, Helian knows it's only a matter of time before they reach this place. Her tears roll down her soot-streaked cheeks.

Helian: ...

Helian: If today is my last day...

Kryuger: Then we'll fight to the very end.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger...

Kryuger struggles to get to his feet, but the wounds on his back are too severe. Every attempt he makes to stand up only serves to open them up more.

Kryuger: We haven't lost yet.

Helian: ...

Persica: Kryuger, don't move anymore...

Kryuger: No, we can't just give up like this.

Helian helps support Kryuger, hoping to lay him down in a position which is better for his wounds.

Kryuger stubbornly tries to hoist himself up, and his repeated attempts to stand cause fresh blood to flow down Helian's arms.

Helian: Please... Mr. Kryuger...

Kryuger: Up!

Helian's head droops down, and her tears splash on the floor.

Kryuger: Helian...

Kryuger sits back up on the ground and sighs heavily.

The Dolls gather around in a group hug. No words are said.

Kaboom!

The ground trembles like a rocking cradle amidst the constant bombardments.

Thompson: Those are bombers...

Whoosh... The emergency power comes back on and the lifts can be used.

Helian: They...They did it...

Helian: Tokarev? MP-443? PPK? Ribeyrolles?

On the tactical tablet, the pings which represent them are dark.

Kryuger: Don't let their sacrifice go to waste. We must carry on.

Helian: Let's fall back to Basement 3 and get you bandaged.

Kryuger: No, the tables have turned for us.

Helian: What?!

Kryuger: Didn't you hear that? Those were bomber planes!

Kryuger: Our surface structures have all been destroyed. The only ones who would launch bombers are our reinforcements.

Helian: And if they're not, then we're all finished. We have no way to make a comeback from this...

Persica: Yeah, keep fighting. I've been running all night, I can't move anymore...

Persica: If they really are reinforcements, remember to come down and get me.

Kryuger: So, what's your decision?

Helian: ...

Helian: I decide to trust you, Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: Activate the AR Team Dummies, Persica. But if you don't follow us, I can't guarantee they'll still be usable after this.

Persica: What? No way! I'll control them!

Kryuger: Everyone, listen up! Head upwards and fight our way out! Our reinforcements have arrived!
Part 4: -48-6-6.txt

4

With the help of Zelinsky's reinforcements, the rebel troops outside the base suffer a devastating blow.

As the rebels' morale wavers, Kryuger leads the remaining Dolls in breaking out of the base.

Helian: We did it!

Kryuger: Yeah...

As Kryuger looks up at the long-awaited sky, he suddenly keels over backward.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger!

Zelinsky: Miss Helian, can you hear me?

Helian: Yes I can, Director Zelinsky!

Zelinsky: The reinforcements have arrived.

Zelinsky: You are safe.

Rescue Doll: Miss Helian, please let us take care of Mr. Kryuger.

Rescue Doll: Please load the neural cloud servers onto the vehicle. The wounded Dolls can also come with us.

Helian: Thank you... Thank you all...

Kryuger forces his eyes open.

Kryuger: I'm fine, Helian...

Helian: Right...

Kryuger: ...Help me contact the Commander.

...The Commander paces around restlessly in the airport waiting area. The surrounding Dolls have an unspoken understanding that they are not to disturb them.

M4 SOPMOD II: Is it really okay to leave the Commander alone...?

ST AR-15: Let the Commander calm down by themselves.

M4 SOPMOD II: But the Commander almost pulled out all their hair...

Dandelion: Human hair can grow back.

RO635: I wonder what's happening at the base...

Agent: ...

Beep beep beep...

The communicator goes off.

Commander: Ah!

When they see the name on the caller ID, the Commander almost loses their grip on the communicator.

Commander: Mr. Kryuger!!!

Commander: ...Is the base alright? H-how is everyone?

Kryuger: It's fine, although it looks like a Brobdingnagian stepped on it.

Kryuger: ...Just kidding. The neural cloud servers are still intact.

Kryuger: Helian and I have sustained some light injuries, and Persica has only lost a few lab instruments.

Persica: ONLY a few lab instruments?! Y-you haven't heard the last of this!

Commander: What about Kalina, how is she?

Kryuger: They sent her to a hospital to recover several days ago. Her condition is very stable.

Kryuger: How about you? How are things in Germany?

Commander: Things went very well here. Paradeus is running from me like Lilliputians sighting Gulliver.

Kryuger: Good, I knew you could handle it.

Kryuger: Zelinsky's men are here to back us up, so no need to worry on that front.

Kryuger: Havier's MCV is on its way. I'll be coming personally to Berlin after this.

Commander: Take care. I'll be waiting for you in Berlin.

Kryuger: Alright. See you in Berlin.

The call ends.

Commander: I'll wipe out every last trace of Paradeus in Berlin so you can have the perfect place to recover...

The rebel Spetsnaz squad leader tightens his grip around his gun and adjusts his posture to listen to the transmission.

Spetsnaz Officer: Our mission is over. Gather everyone and withdraw.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: But Kryuger and Helian have not been eliminated yet. Are we really going to fall back just like that?

Spetsnaz Officer: Yes, but we still have a more important mission.

Spetsnaz Squad Leader: Understood.

Spetsnaz Officer: The first snow of Moscow awaits us.
Part 5: -48-6-7.txt

5

...Emergency News Report.

Shadowless: This is Shadowless, here is the latest international news.

Shadowless: A few days ago, large-scale firefights occurred across the territory of the Neo-Soviet Union. Multiple PMCs were subjected to bombardment by unknown forces, but due to the lack of information caused by an electronic blockade, little is known until further investigations can be carried out.

Shadowless: Now let us direct our attention to some local news.

Shadowless: There have been new developments regarding the closures of pharmaceutical plants under the Galatea Corporation.

Shadowless: The National Health Commission and the National Drug Regulatory Administration received a number of reports from partners of the Galatea Corporation accusing the company of various crimes, such as falsification of research data and analysis reports.

Shadowless: Former Galatea staff member Miller also filed reports to relevant government departments against the corporation regarding the alleged corrupt practices and stock market manipulation perpetrated by the company's management level. The government has officially opened the case and commenced investigation into the matter.

Shadowless: The director of the Gray Institute of Biotechnology has earlier been replaced by Professor Heine, who committed suicide yesterday evening. The former director Gray is currently missing.

Shadowless: Our reporter is already on site at the institute, we shall now pass it over to him.

...

On-Site Reporter: Yes, we are now outside the Gray Institute of Biotechnology, ready to interview some random citizens in the area.

On-Site Reporter: Hello, are you aware of the recent closures of the Galatea pharma plants? They've caused quite a stir.

Passer-By A: Of course! You'd see their marketing everywhere; they made themselves out to be some kind of "savior", but they've actually been lying to us and sabotaging other pharma companies that genuinely want to conduct proper research!

On-Site Reporter: Right, thank you for sharing your opinion.

On-Site Reporter: Hello, sir. What do you think of the closures of Galatea's pharma plants?

Passerby-By B: It's over... It's all over! My investments have all gone down the drain...

Passerby-By B: Hahahaha! Who could've known?! Hahahahahaha...

On-Site Reporter: This gentleman seems a bit emotional, let's move on to the next. Hello, what are your views regarding the closures of Galatea's pharma plants?

Passer-By C: All these rich people are absolute scums! The more saintly they pretend to be, the more unscrupulous they actually are!

Passer-By C: How dare they trample upon our lives?! They can all go right to hell!!! And this Gray woman! I trusted her, and she ended up running away taking all our money! I would come back as a ghost and haunt you, you hear that, Gray?!

On-Site Reporter: Apologies, the situation is getting a little chaotic, so I'll be wrapping up the interviews here...

The on-site reporter hurriedly cuts the connection with the TV station as the crowd starts jostling wildly.

Shadowless: Thank you for showing us the situation at the institute.

Shadowless: That concludes today's news, brought to you by the DFF.

...

In the Paradeus base, the black Nytos milling about all stop as they hear a familiar voice.

Gray strides into the room.

Mrs. Gray: Get out, all of you.

Nyto: You...

Mrs. Gray: Don't make me repeat myself.

The Nyto is so frightened by Gray she ends up dropping all the documents in her hands. Under their superior's sharp glare, the black Nytos file out of the room promptly.

Stepping over the unimportant documents, Gray slowly walks over to her chair, sits down, and rubs her temple.

Grig: ...

Grig has once again slipped up behind her silently.

Grig: ...You've brought her back.

Mrs. Gray: It's the only thing that I can be glad about.

Having calmed her high-strung nerves, Gray lets out a long sigh.

Mrs. Gray: Teacher will need some time to recover... I've delivered her back to Father.

Mrs. Gray: We can't afford to wait too long. We need her to take charge of the situation.

Grig: ...Perhaps it's better for her to rest for a while.

Grig places her hands on Gray's shoulders from behind.

Mrs. Gray: Morridow is irreplaceable, Grig.

Grig: ...To me, you are the irreplaceable one.

Mrs. Gray: ...Grig.

Grig: What did Father say?

Before Gray gets even more cross, Grig changes the subject delicately.

Mrs. Gray: Father didn't say anything... I can sense that he's displeased.

Mrs. Gray: Teacher would know what to do...

It's a moment of unprecedented crisis for Galatea.

Even Gray's social status, which she has always relied on, is in shambles.

Mrs. Gray: Perhaps...It's time I give up my identity.

Gray grips the armrests of her chair and says indignantly.

Bramedb: Not perhaps, my dear Mrs. Gray.

Bramedb: I'm afraid you must do that immediately.

Mrs. Gray: ...!

An insolent voice speaks up from outside the room. Bramedb pushes open the door and saunters in.

Grig: ...Bramedb.

Bramedb: Hello, Grig. I'm very happy to see that you're well.

Mrs. Gray: What are you doing here instead of minding your own business?

Mrs. Gray: Don't tell me you're starting to feel nervous now that Teacher has returned?

Bramedb: Why should I be nervous? Even if Morridow wants a cull, her vengeance won't come down on me.

Bramedb: ...Besides, Father just handed me a new assignment.

Bramedb: I suppose it will be quite some time until Morridow returns to the frontlines.

Mrs. Gray: What?

Gray fixes Bramedb with a cold stare, her voice a little higher than usual.

Bramedb takes in her surprise and obviously takes great pleasure in it.

Bramedb: It's an order issued by Father himself~

Bramedb plops herself down on the sofa in front of Gray without invitation. She strokes the seat flippantly.

Mrs. Gray: ...Father always makes wise choices.

Mrs. Gray: Teacher must have endured a lot of torture by those Soviets' hand, she needs time to rest.

Mrs. Gray: But she didn't come back empty-handed. At the very least, she has come into close contact with the being who overpowered Narciss.

Mrs. Gray: When she's awake, Father will have use for her again.

Mrs. Gray: When she returns together with Narciss and sees your impudence, she will not be pleased.

Bramedb: ...

Bramedb reins in her cockiness just a little.

Bramedb: Remind me of that when the day comes, Gray.

Bramedb: For now, take your lackeys...As well as those defective specimens and trash...

Bramedb: And scram.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Bramedb: Count your blessings. Our merciful Father has given you all a second chance.

Bramedb: If you fail again...Even I won't be able to put in a good word for you, Gray.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Gray's eyes narrow. She slowly gets to her feet and gives Bramedb a superficial smile.

Mrs. Gray: Why, thank you, Bramedb.

Bramedb: You're very welcome, Mrs. Gray.

Chief's Office, Stasi HQ.

The moment the door to the chief's office opens, J jumps up restlessly from the sofa.

But when he sees who it is, his disappointment is immense and apparent.

J: ...Why is it you?

K: ...Why can't it be me?

K: What brought you here so early?

J: I've been sitting here for half an hour already... You're always telling me to be punctual, but you end up being late yourself.

K: It's good that you're fixing your attitude.

K: But don't forget it's also rude to show up too early.

K shrugs and sits down next to J with a leather satchel tucked under his arm.

K: ...You seem very restless.

J: I'm actually very excited... So excited my palms are sweating.

J: Just the thought that I can once again participate in the investigation makes me giddy.

K takes out a cigarette but suddenly remembers he is in his superior's office. He puts the cigarette away with a sigh.

K: ...I was worried you would be down in the dumps.

K: Looks like I worried for nothing.

J: Mona is still in a repair tank, and the first thing she'll remember is my suicide attempt.

J: ...If I don't start pulling myself together, the first thing she does when she comes back will be to smack me on the noggin.

K: Haha, you're right.

K smiles with relief and lowers his voice.

K: ...Don't shoulder it all alone.

J: ...I know.

The door opens once again, interrupting their conversation.

Romy strides into her office and puts down a stack of documents without so much as a glance at the two agents.

Romy: Don't get up, stay seated.

Even though she never looked up, Romy can still tell they were just about to get to their feet, as if she had eyes on the back of her head.

J: ...What is our mission this time?

Romy: A very important one.

Romy: But I have other matters to attend to, so the PIC of this mission...

K sits up a little straighter unconsciously.

Romy: ...Will be a special consultant that I've invited.

J: A special consultant?

Romy: Listen to them and don't give me any more trouble.

Romy: I have already discussed the details of the mission with the consultant, and they will be briefing you later.

Romy: Are we clear? Schwaben, what's with that face?

K: ...Nothing.

K is visibly dismayed.

Romy: Then I'll be leaving it to you. Don't forget, you represent the Stasi.

With that, Romy prepares to take her leave.

J: Wait!

Romy: ...Is something else the matter, Agent Kevin?

J: ...You're just leaving? Aren't you going to introduce this consultant?

Romy: I don't think that'll be necessary.

J: What do you mean that'll not be necessary?!

Knock knock. Someone is at the door.

Romy: Come in.

The door to the office opens slowly. A familiar face walks in. They look a little nervous and uneasy.

Commander: ...K? It's been a while.

K: ...

K gawks at this "special consultant".

Romy: As I said, it wouldn't be necessary.

Romy shrugs.

Commander: ...Ms. Romy would like us to search all these Galatea facilities.

The Commander picks up the stack of documents that Romy has left on the desk and starts flipping through the pages.

Many sections have been redacted. The Stasi is clearly keeping many things from them.

J: I see... I see.

J clenches his fists, his eagerness palpable.

J: We're finally doing something about them!

K: But...Even if we don't read the details, just look at how thick this stack is.

K: It must be a really long list of facilities.

Staring at the stack in the Commander's hands, K points out his concern with a frown.

K: If we're to act, we must make it a blitz.

K: This is a race against both time and Paradeus.

K: If we give them the time to relocate any important information, we will have failed our mission.

K: I think we should focus on a specific location.

J: It's a no-brainer—Gray's office must be full of secrets.

K: That's a great suggestion, and I agree.

K: We owe almost all the breakthroughs in our previous investigation to information leaked from that place.

K: The place has been locked down now, so all the data should still be there.

Commander: ...

The Commander has been reading the documents intently and only looks up in the middle of J and K's discussion.

Commander: I have another idea.

K: What idea?

Not expecting his own suggestion to be vetoed, K peers at the Commander curiously.

Commander: I'd like to make a trip to Berlin Prison.

J: The prison? You mean the one...Where you kicked up a huge fuss? The one that's also sealed off right now?

J: Sure, that place was involved in a scandal, but what could be left there? Why have you thought of the prison?

Commander: I talked to Ange once.

Upon recalling the fight that day, the Commander clenches their fists, crumpling the papers in their hands.

J: What?

J's eyes widen.

Commander: It's a long story so I'll just tell you the gist.

Commander: Back then, Ange was at Paradeus' mercy.

Commander: She was only allowed to talk to me very briefly, but she gave me a hint.

K: A hint? About the prison?

K immediately catches on.

Commander: In the Soviet Union, only people in one kind of place have a significant association with tattoos.

The Commander recalls Ange's defiant face again.

...She wouldn't have made a completely irrelevant remark at such a crucial moment.

K: ...I see.

K: I'll send other teams to search the Galatea labs.

K: The main force will come with us to the abandoned prison.

Commander: Good.

K nods and turns to leave. The Commander's directs their attention back to the photograph of Gray on one of the documents.

J: ...

Commander: What is it?

J: Nothing... I'm just very glad that you're here.

J smacks the Commander on the shoulder with a grin before following K out of the office.

...

...

The Commander stays in the room all by themselves, just spacing out. A short while later, they can hear J shouting desperately outside the door.

J: Hey! I'm begging you, ladies! Don't treat the Stasi armory as your backyard!

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, don't be so stingy!

J: And you! I saw you stuffing ammo into your suitcase! Those rounds aren't even the right caliber for you, are they?!

UMP45: You're talking to me? How could you slander me without proof...?

J: I can forget about the ammo, but why are you sharpening your knives now?!

Executioner: Hm? There aren't any signs saying that I can't...

J: Commander! Aren't you gonna do something about this?!

Commander: Pffft...

Suppressing a laugh, the Commander pretends they didn't hear anything and continued reading the documents.

...

At the abandoned Berlin Prison.

A cordon tape stretches across the wide opening in the damaged wall. The site is quiet like a tomb.

Ever since the riot, this building has been abandoned, and the remaining inmates were transferred to other prisons.

Because of a series of incidents, the government still hasn't been able to produce a complete restoration plan, and it is just left here in its derelict state.

Commander: ...If you think about it, this does make for a perfect blind spot for hiding things.

M4 SOPMOD II: This place is so quiet now. It was really lively when we last visited.

RO635: I much prefer the peace and quiet to an ELID rave...

Dandelion: 15, what are you thinking about?

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15 avoids everyone's eyes awkwardly. The Commander knows exactly what's on her mind.

Machlian: ...I will die by an unnatural cause, and that too is destined.

That woman walks up to the Commander once more in the sunlight, peering up at them with teary eyes.

The Commander gives their head a firm shake. This isn't the time to be thinking about her.

Commander: Found anything?

UMP45: The control system is still the same as before. Nothing has changed.

J: Nothing special about this area. It's just common living facilities for the prisoners over here.

K: Nothing to report here either.

Commander: Keep searching.

UMP45: Don't be in such a hurry to hang up. The system hasn't changed, but I do have a new discovery.

Commander: What discovery?

UMP45: They've shut down the surveillance system and even deleted all previous CCTV footage, but the cameras have not been moved.

UMP45: I noticed that the security cameras are located everywhere, even in the toilets and bathrooms.

UMP45: But there's one particular storage room that has no camera at all.

Commander: Which area? Mark it on the map.

UMP45: Done. It seems to be the closest to Mr. J.

J: Copy that. I'll take my men and check it out right away.

Commander: We'll head over there too.

...At the storage room indicated by UMP45.

J: You're here, Commander?

Commander: Have you found any clues?

J: My subordinates have turned the room upside down, but other than some cleaning tools, we've found nothing.

Commander: RO, take everything out and check all the objects one by one.

RO635: Roger.

The Commander enters the emptied storage room and starts inspecting each piece of tile with their fingers.

Dandelion: This wall is hollow.

Commander: What?

UMP45: Commander, can you show me the wall behind you? Yes, the one facing the door.

Commander: This one?

Dandelion: That's right.

Dandelion: ...Hold on, Commander, don't touch it.

RO635: SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Leave it to me!

SOP-II squeezes past the Commander and smacks the wall with no hesitation.

Whoosh...

Commander: Hm?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ack?!

The next second, SOP-II's body tilts forward and she falls quite literally head over heels into another place.

Commander: What...?

RO635: So that's where the secret mechanism is hidden!

UMP45: I knew something was fishy. Hang on, Commander, we're coming over as well.

Commander: J, get your people here too.

Commander: K, we've made a huge discovery over here!

Commander: ...Let's go down together and take a look.

The elevator button glows a mysterious green.

With an ear-splitting screech, the elevator slowly reaches the bottom level.

The doors slide open to reveal a spacious warehouse.

Commander: ...Ange.

The Commander mutters, a little astounded by the sight.

Delivery crates are scattered all over the warehouse, each clearly bearing Galatea's logo.

J: ...I can't believe there's such a place hidden beneath the prison.

Commander: This is Galatea. Nothing they do can really take me by surprise anymore.

Commander: Stay on your guard. J, K, get your men down here and pack everything up.

Commander: ...We're heading further in. RO, 45, stand guard here.

Commander: Agent, cover me.

J: Okay, leave it to us.

Agent: Be careful, Commander... Don't trip.

Following the the dust on the floor, the Commander starts searching for traces left behind by Paradeus.

The warehouse is very large with winding passages. Under the protection of various Sangivs units, the Commander slowly heads deeper.

RO635: ...I still can't quite get used to this.

ST AR-15: You're not alone.

Ignoring the AR Team's remark, Agent silently walks on at the forefront.

All of a sudden, she comes to a halt upon noticing something.

Agent: Commander, these footprints are still fresh.

Commander: Hm?

The Commander makes their way through the group of Sangvis bodyguards and comes up to Agent.

Commander: Hm, I believe they have only just started moving the crates... Moreover, they're probably still here.

Gager: If we had Architect with us, we could just blow this whole place up.

Alchemist: Please stay within our protective circle... If those monsters are who we'll be dealing with, we must be very careful.

Scarecrow: The drone hasn't detected any enemies.

Agent: Should we search in a different direction?

Commander: Dandelion?

Dandelion: There is a familiar presence in this warehouse, but I can't pinpoint it.

The Commander's brow furrows, a little troubled by the ambiguous information.

Dandelion: ...Wait, no.

Dandelion: It's not that I can't pinpoint her, her position is constantly changing.

Dandelion: She's moving at high speed—she's too fast! Commander, get back here!

Whum!

The familiar hum of a sharp blade cuts through the air. Before the Commander can react, the white figure is already right in front of them.

Blades of black and white collide, sending out sparks that light up the entire passage.

Executioner: Tsk, what the hell?!

Grig: ...

In the blink of an eye, Grig has already darted back to several meters away. She gazes coldly at Executioner, who blocked her attack.

Agent: Are you alright, Executioner?

Executioner: No, not at all.

Executioner's arms are trembling uncontrollably.

Executioner: If I parry more of her strikes, you'll have to buy me new bionic muscles.

Commander: ...

The Commander stares at Grig on the other end of the passage.

Grig... If she is here, that means...

Grig: ...!

Grig looks up, then with a flash, the slender figure disappears into thin air once more.

Commander: She's getting away! Give chase!

Sangvis Units: Roger!

...

Agent: ...The trail of footprints stopped right here.

Commander: There's nothing around that can help people disappear...

Commander: We've lost her, 45. Have you found anything on your end?

UMP45: Nothing. All we've got were some goods, which have been handed over to J and K.

UMP45: We're now coming over to join you.

Commander: Right. Keep an eye out for tracks on your way.

The Commander raises their communicator to turn it off, and the screen turns black.

The smooth dark surface reflects the Commander's face...And the white figure behind them...

Commander: Behind us!

Whum!

Clang! Clang!

The crisp sound of metal colliding rings out twice. This time, Executioner and Alchemist spring into action at the same time, deflecting Grig's lethal blade and pushing her away.

Executioner: Ha! I was waiting for it!

Alchemist: ...The sharp blade whistles too loudly as it slices through air.

Alchemist: A bit hard to miss.

Grig: ...

Standing on top of a Paradeus apparatus, Grig flicks her sabre, making it hum again.

Grig: Don't go any further.

Grig: Turn back.

Commander: ...Why are you trying so hard to keep us out? What's in there?

Grig: ...

Hunter: ...A wheelchair.

Commander: What?

Hunter: I can see what I believe is a wheelchair behind the door.

Hunter: Scarecrow?

Scarecrow: The drone is in position... You are correct.

Scarecrow: The wheelchair is outfitted with shackles for the wrists and ankles. These are covered in bloodstains.

Scarecrow: It seems to be...Prepared for a prisoner.

Commander: Ange... It's Ange!

Commander: Ange, are you in there?!

Dandelion: The door is very thick. Even if someone is behind it, they can't possibly hear you.

Commander: Ange!!

Whum!

The sabre blocks the Commander's advance.

Grig: ...

Commander: ...Since you insist on getting in my way, I'm afraid I must have you removed first.

To the Commander's left, Executioner starts caressing her black blade.

To their right, Alchemist is looking at Grig intently with mounting excitement.

Agent: ...You heard the order.

Agent: Eliminate her.
Part 6: -48-6-9.txt

6

...

Whum...

In the enclosed space, Grig deflects gunshots with her blade and darts around from obstacle to obstacle.

Executioner: Take this!

Grig: ...Tsk.

The advantage in her ghostly speed is largely mitigated in these battle conditions.

Grig: ...

Alchemist: Where are you going, my lovely?

...These Dolls are consciously restricting her movements by forming an encirclement around her.

Grig: (Exhales)

Her slash sends Executioner stumbling back several steps.

Her disadvantage will only get worse if this goes on...

Gager: You're not getting away!

Grig: What?!

Grig is just about to break through the encirclement using the opening she just created, but is intercepted by Gager, who has stepped up to take Alchemist's place.

Grig has been caught in their formation.

Grig: In that case...

Grig backs off quickly and leaps towards the corner. She runs up the wall with light steps that defy gravity.

To the Commander's human eyes, she looks exactly like a specter climbing up to the ceiling.

Scarecrow: Good job. She fell for it.

The drone sticking to the ceiling suddenly lights up. Grig immediately changes direction—

Grig: ?!

Agent: I have delivered death to your doorstep.

That's when Grig finally sees it—the Doll dressed like a maid standing on the far end of the encirclement ring lifts her skirts gracefully.

The next second—

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!!!

The cannons poking out from beneath her skirts ruthlessly batter every spot on which Grig finds her footing.

Gravity-defying speed instantly becomes pointless against such attacks.

Thud!

Grig crashes onto the floor from the ceiling. By the time she gets up, all the Sangvis Dolls have already had her surrounded.

Commander: Where is Ange?

Grig: ...

Commander: Answer me and I will keep your alive for now.

Grig: ...

Grig grips her blade. Even though she is quite badly injured, she shows no intention of giving up.

Dandelion: Save your breath, Commander. Just tie her up and I will extract what you want to know from her.

ST AR-15: I agree.

The T-Dolls form a second ring outside the Sangvis encirclement, closing in on the injured Grig.

RO635: Be careful, she's still got some fight in her.

ST AR-15: That can easily be remedied.

ST AR-15: Hey, you from S.F.! Give her another round.

Agent: ...I find you rather lacking in manners.

Agent: But I shall grant your request.

Grig: ?!

Boom!

Boom!!

Boom!!!

The cornered Grig comes under Agent's second round of ruthless blasts.

When she tries to evade them, Hunter and Gager force her back into her original position.

Grig: (Coughs)

...By the time the barrage ceases, even standing has become impossible for Grig.

Commander: Stop struggling.

Grig: ...

Grig looks up at the Commander.

Her eyes slowly grow dull as she is plunged in despair. She starts muttering softly.

Grig: I'm sorry...Gray.

Boom!!!

Just then, a shot is fired, and a grenade lands near the group. When it blows up, it generates a thick cloud of smoke.

Dandelion: (Coughs) Crap, someone's here! Executioner, behind you!

Executioner: Huh?! Ugh!

A powerful mechanical tail suddenly pierces through the smoke and sends the already exhausted Executioner flying with a mighty swing.

Grig: Gray?!

Mrs. Gray: ... Come with me.

The gray figure reveals herself amid the smoke.

The tail that has struck Executioner suddenly stretches out and wraps around the injured Grig, then Gray takes off with no hesitation.

UMP45: Gr G11, seven o'clock! Open fire to intercept!

Gr G11: Leave it to me!

Bangbangbang!

Mrs. Gray: Tsk.

Grig: Gray, you—!

Keeping her coiled tail behind herself, Gray shields her face with her claw-blades as she is assaulted by a torrent of bullets.

Mrs. Gray: Ugh...!

Grig: This isn't part of the plan... You shouldn't have come!

Mrs. Gray: ...The plan makes no mention of your defeat either.

The hail of bullets is taking its toll on Gray. As her movements grow more sluggish, the Commander seizes the opportunity right away.

RO635: She won't be able to fight back!

Commander: Dandelion! Work together with the Dolls and prepare to surround them!

Dandelion: No problem... I've been looking forward to this bit.

Mrs. Gray: Wait!

Despite her terrible condition, Gray suddenly holds up her hands and flashes the Commander her usual, charming smile.

Mrs. Gray: ... Commander, don't you want to know what happened to Ange?

Commander: ...

ST AR-15: Oh boy... Even Paradeus isn't above such tricks either.

Commander: You have something to tell me?

Mrs. Gray: Why don't we make a deal?

Commander: Let you and Grig go, and you'll give me Ange?

Mrs. Gray: Quite a good deal, isn't it?

ST AR-15: Commander, this is definitely a trap.

Commander: ...Do you think I will fall for it again?

The Commander signals behind their back. The AR Team completes the formation with great coordination.

Commander: You want a deal? Alright, but leave that Nyto behind.

Commander: You can take her with you when you bring Ange here in one piece.

Mrs. Gray: ...

Gray takes two steps back with an odd look on her face. Her movements are putting everyone on edge again.

Behind her is the door that Grig was guarding.

Mrs. Gray: ...No problem. We can make this exchange right now.

Mrs. Gray: You want Miss Ange? Then I'll give you Miss Ange.

Gray retracts her claws and swishes her tail to one side before reaching out to pull the lever next to the door.

Commander: ...!

Mrs. Gray: Here, come say hello to Angelia.

Gray pulls the lever down and opens the door with a dazzling smile.

The heavy door grunts when the mechanism kicks into action. Thick, white smoke pours through the widening gap.

Through the smoke, the Commander can clearly make out the profile of the woman hanging mid-air.

Commander: Ange!!

RO635: Commander, watch out!

Mrs. Gray: Goodbye, Commander~!

While the Commander is distracted, Gray leaps straight into the smoke.

Bangbangbang!

Commander: Wait, don't shoot! We don't want to hit Ange by mistake!

Dandelion: The signals are gone—they have escaped.

Commander: Rescuing Ange is more important. Let them be.

Scarecrow: Wait a minute... Commander.

Scarecrow: The drone isn't reading any heat source.

Scarecrow: It's a puppet.

Commander: ...What?

???: Hahahahahaha! This is absolutely hilarious!

???: You're so easy to bamboozle! Oh my, this has put me in such a good mood!

RO635: That sounds like—!!

Bramedb: Hi, Commander. We meet again. ♪

Bramedb saunters into the warehouse with a squad of Paradeus troopers from the passage behind them.

Bramedb: The last time we met, it was under similar circumstances, wasn't it?

Bramedb: But this time, the tables have turned, Commander.

Commander: ...Bramedb.

Bramedb: It's my turn, dearie.

Bramedb: You're not leaving just like that.

Bramedb: I will not allow that to happen.

Her eyes glow red, and the Paradeus troopers behind her all raise their weapons.

Bramedb: Let's have some fun together, Commander.
Part 7: -48-6-10-point.txt

7

Dandelion: Don't forget, you'll need my power for this battle. My body is very fragile, so make sure you keep me safe.

RO635: The Commander has planned for it. We will protect you.

ST AR-15: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: 15, where are you going?

ST AR-15: You guys protect her. I'm going in the vanguard.

M4 SOPMOD II: Aw, don't be such a crybaby, 15. Just stay with us.

M4 SOPMOD II: Or RO will get distracted worrying about you.

ST AR-15: ...

416: Tsk, that's it?

UMP9: I was hoping for some bitch slaps...

UMP45: Alright, put away your popcorn. Let's get to work!
Part 8: -48-6-11.txt

8

...

Bramedb: I concede defeat this time. Let's share a dance again next time, Commander.

Bramedb: Just you and me.

When the EW battle is over, Bramedb has already disappeared from the warehouse.

Only her voice echoes on in the enclosed space.

Dandelion: Is that it...?

Dandelion: Commander, I've broken the electronic seal here.

Dandelion: From now on, this underground warehouse won't keep any secrets from you.

Commander: ...Good.

The Commander is unhappy to let Bramedb get away just like that, but at least they aren't coming away completely empty-handed.

Click.

Call connected.

J: Commander, is everything alright on your end? What's the holdup?

Commander: We had a minor situation. We're coming right— No, you guys come over.

Commander: We've removed the electronic seal down here. Get your people over here too and we'll search the place again.

Commander: We'll discuss the rest back at HQ.

J: "We'll discuss the rest back at HQ." God, you sound like a proper Stasi.

Still oblivious to what happened on the Commander's end, J makes a gibe and terminates the transmission.

...

Stasi HQ.

K: ...In other words, we still haven't found Ange?

J, K, and the Commander gather again at the Stasi office.

In response to K's question, the Commander shakes their head and sighs.

Commander: Ange was there, that much we know.

Commander: Gray must've picked up on the message that Ange tried to send me.

Commander: They used it to manipulate us.

J: ...But it's not all bad news. We confiscated all the goods in the warehouse.

J: We've gained a lot—we took quite a significant chunk out of them.

Commander: Indeed. The base also holds a vast amount of clues.

Commander: Not only that, they are incredibly detailed... So detailed it's almost suspicious.

Commander: Does anyone actually keep such meticulous records?

K: Perhaps it's their way of keeping a firm hold on their operations.

The Commander snorts at K's remark.

Commander: Still, we have indeed found a very important lead. We'd like to share it with you.

K: ...What is it?

Commander: I told you, didn't I? We fought that Nyto named Bramedb.

Commander: Dandelion dug out a lot of stuff while engaging her in an EW battle.

Commander: With all the data decrypted, we have learned some useful information.

Commander: Dandelion.

Dandelion: We've found an audio recording.

J: An audio recording?

Dandelion nods and places a tablet in the center of the desk.

???: ...

???: ...The technology supplied by Galatea is essential to Germany and to the Ministry of Defense.

???: I hope you'll agree, General Schweinsteiger.

J: !

J's eyes widen while the other three stare at each other in grim silence.

Schweinsteiger: Yes, yes, I understand... I do agree.

Schweinsteiger: Thank you very much for being our intermediary. I'm sure our cooperation will be a fruitful one.

???: Oh yes, I'm certain of that.

J: That voice...

K: Hush!

K's breathing quickens.

???: ...I believe...

???: ...That today is a great and important day for Germany.

...

Oberstein: Today is a great and important day for Germany!

On television, Oberstein illustrates his ideals through his impassioned and rousing speech.

A teacup is placed on its saucer, producing a delicate clink.

A man turns off the television. He gets up and turns to face the window.

A steady downpour against the murky sky obscures the man's view.

Griffin: ...Yes, I have it.

Griffin: Yes, that's very important. You did well.

Griffin: I believe this will be the ace up our sleeve.

The transmission is disconnected.

He gazes ponderously into the distance from behind his spectacles.

The Reichstag stands proud even in the heavy rain, its radiance from Unity Day still lingers.

Taking in the sight, he can't help but add another sugar cube into his tea. He stirs it with a spoon, which tinkles merrily in the teacup.

In a nondescript apartment block, a ravishing woman gently knocks on an equally nondescript door.

???: Come in.

Bramedb seems extremely nervous. Even when given permission to enter, she has to take a deep breath first before opening the door reverently.

After entering the room, she gazes ardently at the dark figure standing at the other end of the room and bows deeply.

Bramedb: Father.

Bramedb: I am here to report the success of the mission.

???: ...

The figure gives no acknowledgement to what Bramedb just said, but she knows.

Since they are at a critical stage where things are about to progress to the next phase, a single small victory means nothing to him.

Bramedb: Please rest assured... I will keep sharing your burden.

Bramedb: I will complete every mission you give me until you achieve you goal, this I swear to you.

...Yes, that's right.

...She, not anyone else, is Father's favorite daughter.
Part 9: -48-6-12.txt

    9chevron_right

Amidst the wreckage, the Dolls who can still fight escort Helian and Kryuger to the gates of the base.

Kryuger: (Coughs heavily)

Helian: Mr. Kryuger?!

Kryuger: No...I'm fine.

Kryuger watches as the reinforcements slowly enter the ruins and begin to work with the survivors to rescue the Dolls, and a stone lifts from his heart at last.

As Helian watches the Dolls wander through the rubble and take stock of what can be salvaged, even she feels a pang of sadness in her heart.

Helian: ...It's all gone.

Kryuger: There's enough left over...

Supported by the Dolls, Kryuger silently takes in the scene of devastation before him.

Kryuger: ...The people here will remember it.

Kryuger: We will all remember.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger...

With mixed feelings, Kryuger slowly sinks to his knees and scoops up a handful of dirt.

Helian watches Kryuger and walks silently to his side. Then she tears off her armband and lays it down before the gate.

Kryuger pauses for a moment, then tears off his armband as well.

Kryuger: Griffin may not exist anymore.

Kryuger: But we have protected the most important thing.

Helian: Yes.

Helian nods, and then she helps Kryuger stand up again.

She takes in the scene before her and silently close her eyes.

Helian: It's been 10 years, and I'm going to leave.

Helian: But I will always be with you.

Helian: Even if my physical body should crumble away, my soul will always walk toward you.

As the two of them execute a reverent salute, the Dolls that slowly gather behind all straighten up as well, raising their hands to the setting sun and saying their final farewells to their former home.

From the distant horizon, an MCV slowly drives toward this curious scene.

...

The familiar corridor is cordoned off with police tape. Nele waits outside in silence.

After multiple searches, break-ins, and evidence collections... What had once been a tidy lab is now totally alien to her.

Unable to bear the look on her face, Mia steps forward and rips off the frontmost tape.

Mia: Nele...

Nele: ...I'm fine, Mia.

Nele sniffles and crosses the no entry line.

Upon entering the familiar lab, she slowly walks into the middle of the room.

This was once a place she admired, where she had pinned all her hopes and dreams.

Nele: Mrs. Gray...

Mia waits outside quietly. She knows very well that right now, what Nele needs is to be alone for a while.

Nele: I'm sure Mrs. Gray would be really mad to see her lab like this...

Research reports, monographs, data files... All these things which Gray had once treasured more than anything in the world are now piled up on the ground like rubbish.

Nele: These people... They're really hard on documents...

Crouching down, Nele dusts off the covers of those documents before loading them into a cardboard box.

At this point, nobody will say anything if she takes them away.

...Just then, a picture frame appears under a thick report.

Nele picks it up.

Nele: It's Mrs. Gray when she was young...

On the back of the photo is a motto—

"Only death cannot be avoided, and only life cannot be let down."

A teardrop lands on the frame.

Nele wipes her eyes, then puts the picture frame in her cardboard box as well.

Mia: ...

As she hears the sobbing from inside the lab, Mia silently closes her eyes.

J runs through the heavy rain toward the main gate.

J: What rotten luck.

J: The weather was fine when we left.

K: We're not that soaked, just make do.

J: ...Is everyone here?

K: Yeah.

J looks up and meets K's gaze solemnly.

After climbing the stairs, the two of them head deeper into the church.

J: What did they put in the coffins...?

K: Personal belongings donated by family members... You know the rules.

K: They can't have names on their tombstones.

J: ...Of course I know that.

As they talk, they arrive at the chapel.

Under the dignified statue of Christ, a kind-eyed pastor is reading out verses from a Bible.

As special guests, J and K find their places in the first row.

J: ...

J looks at the grand coffin that is filled with all kinds of items, and he falls silent.

A storybook called "Rainbow-Flower", a rusty motorcycle wrench, a cool set of sunglasses...

J: (Shadow still hasn't got here...?)

He looks around several times, but he doesn't see the personal item belonging to his junior.

J: ...Ah, excuse me.

He raises his hand to interrupt the pastor just before he begins the prayer, then rises and walks up to the coffin.

J: ...

He undoes his sleeve and removes the cufflink inscribed with the letter "U", then gently places it on the clean white cloth.

The pastor watches his gesture with a compassionate gaze and nods to him.

With a sigh, J returns to his seat and takes another deep breath.

After that, the pastor's low yet mesmerizing voice becomes the only sound in the hall.

Pastor: Because God, in His infinite wisdom, puts the solution in our hands; and because it is only in His physical absence that the place He occupies in our souls is reaffirmed.

Pastor: The paths to the Lord are inscrutable...

Planting his closed umbrella on the ground, J silently watches as the coffin is buried.

J: ...

He feels something strange on his head. Reaching up, he finds himself clutching white rose petals which have fallen from above.

The petals are soft yet fragile in J's palm, gently curling back up on themselves.

J: Schwaben... What will happen to their bodies in the end?

K: Either returned to their families, or donated.

K can hear quiet sobbing from the crowd.

Pastor: O merciful Lord!

Pastor: Grant to the souls of all our faithful departed your mercy, light and peace. Lord, we pray that those we love who have gone before us in faith may know Your forgiveness for their sins and the blessings of everlasting life.

Pastor: Amen.

Funeral Attendees: Amen.

As the pastor's prayer comes to an end, the first load of earth is cast onto the coffin by the shovels.

Rustle, rustle.

Stroke by stroke, the souls of the heroic dead return to the earth in the company of the attendees.

J: ...

Still clutching the rose in his hands, J cranes his neck to scan the crowd.

...She still hasn't come.

K: Let's go back.

J: ...Yeah.

J crouches down, picks up a handful of dirt, and scatters it lightly on the coffin as it is buried.

J: ...It's not going to end like this.

The Commander slowly approaches the woman standing in the shade of the tree. Once at her side, they remark to nobody in particular.

Commander: I think they would be very happy if you went over.

Romy: I'm just a chief who was airdropped into her position. I don't know them personally.

Romy: Also, I know I'm not a likeable person.

Romy produces a box of cigarettes from inside her coat. She sinks her teeth into a black filter tip and pulls out a long, slim cigarette.

Romy: Besides, I've seen enough people die.

Commander: It's not a question of how many.

Romy: (Exhales)

Romy takes out her lighter and lights up the cigarette. She takes a deep drag on it, then slowly puffs a cloud of smoke off to the side.

Romy: I didn't ask you to come here to talk about this.

Commander: ...Still, I'm very grateful that you brought me here.

Commander: I wanted to see how these heroes are buried with my own eyes.

Romy: I have to admit, my opinion of you has changed dramatically.

Romy: A lot of people only excel on paper, but you're not the same.

Romy: When I look at you, I'm convinced of the possibility that idealists might actually change the world.

Commander: ...Surely you exaggerate.

Romy: You can take it that way if you want.

Commander: ...

Romy watches in silence as the coffin is lowered into the earth, and the cigarette between her fingertips burns away without a sound.

Romy: I have something for you.

Commander: What is it?

Romy picks up the carrying case on the ground and shoves it into the Commander's hands.

Romy: Well, see you then.

After the burial is over, Romy puts out the cigarette in her pocket ashtray, then turns to wave before leaving.

Commander: ...

The Commander watches her striking figure receding into the distance with mixed feelings.

Then, they undo the latches on the case and open the lid. Two neural cloud cores are placed snugly inside.

Below them are labels indicating their designations.

—AN-94 and AK-15.

Commander: ...Ange.

...

...

As the lingering light from the setting sun starts to fade, after the scattered attendees have all left, a woman holding a bouquet of fresh flowers slowly approaches the tombstone that lies above the finished grave.

Shadowless: ...Big Sis is here to see you, Light.

Shadowless kneels down next to the tombstone and lays the flowers beside the other offerings.

Shadowless: ...You left a meal for me in the fridge that day, but I kept forgetting to eat it. I only remembered it this morning, but it had already spoiled...

Shadowless: When I went out, I saw the two pots of flowers you were raising. The soil was so dry that it cracked, so I helped you water them.

Shadowless: ...You never got mad at me unless I bought too much beer.

Shadowless: Now that I've found a beer company that does deliveries, I don't need you to buy it for me anymore. They'll send it right to my doorstep. Convenient, huh?

Shadow tugs on the petals of the flowers as she slowly gets those words out. Her voice grows softer and softer, until she falls silent.

She quietly gazes at the tombstone, which is bereft of even a name.

Shadowless: If only I had been firmer on you... If only I had insisted that you not follow Mom and Dad's path...

Drip.

Drip, drip.

Her tears roll down her face and fall on the grave.

Shadowless: Light... Light... Why... Light...

Her mask of calm control finally crumbles at this moment.

As she hugs her knees, Shadowless bursts into tears in front of the grave.

【POINCARÉ RECURRENCE - END】
Credits2 command not implemented yet...

Roar—

In the dead of night, the massive transport plane makes an even landing on the runway with the help of the control tower.

The air traffic controllers on the ground guide it slowly into the hangar.

Inside the warehouse, the people who have been waiting for a long time can feel their breathing grow more ragged as they see the plane.

Soldier: ...General.

Carter: ...Go check our cargo.

The soldier nods excitedly and salutes Carter. Then, he calls his comrades over and they pour into the cabin of the plane.

Carter slowly follows behind them, watching as the soldiers unload the cargo containers in an orderly fashion.

Soldier: General, we have received and verified all the cargo.

Soldier: There is no damage and it can be used at any time.

Carter: Good.

Carter stops in front of one of the containers and reaches out to caress its cool surface.

The logo of Paradeus is distinct and eye-catching on the alabaster cases.

Carter: Gentlemen, let us celebrate the dawn of the Neo-Soviet Union.

Carter: ...From this night onward.

M4 SOPMOD II: This is so boring... Why isn't there anything in such a huge plant?!

RO635: We've barely begun the search. Be patient.

ST AR-15: Don't let down your guard. These cunning Paradeus could be waiting to ambush us...

Walking through the spacious and quiet plant, the AR Team find themselves starting at every sound and being spooked by every shadow.
Part 2: -48-D1-3-1-GD-2.txt

    2chevron_right

416: Gr G11, why are you shaking all over? Have you been listening to zombie horror stories behind my back again?!

Gr G11: I-I haven't!

Gr G11: I'm just a bit scared...

UMP9: Huh? But there isn't a single enemy around.

UMP45: I totally get you, Gr G11. There's no telling what is hiding in this spacious plant.

UMP45: Who knows if a vengeful ghost would come rushing in through that black door over there...

Gr G11: S-stop it!

UMP45: Oh right, have you heard of the legend about that factory?

UMP45: Apparently, in an abandoned factory, if you step on a black tile 13 times in a row, a ghost will take your life...

UMP45: Oh dear, you're stepping on a black tile right now.

Gr G11: (Sobs) Carry me, 416...

416: Walk on your own. We haven't even gone that far yet!

Gr G11: No... I've already stepped on a black tile 12 times in a row...

Gr G11: W-why are you all just leaving me here?! Don't leave me behind!

As Gr G11 howls in fright, the other members of Squad 404 move ahead at a brisk and cheery pace.

Khaybar: Bailey, got a whiff of anything that could be a clue?

Bailey: Woof!

Khaybar: Nothing, huh... Is this the right place, Commander?

Commander: Let's have a look around.

They have already entered the plant for some time, but they have yet to find anything. The Commander is understandably rather anxious.

Bailey: Woof woof! Ar-ruff!

Khaybar: What have you found, Bailey?

Bailey's sudden frenzied barks attract everyone's attention.

He is sniffing intently at some tracks on the floor. It looks like something was once placed there.

Judging by the high decibel of Bailey's barks, it must have been highly hazardous substances.

Commander: We're just a bit too late...
Part 2: -48-D2-3-1-GD-2.txt

2

Commander: ...How many of these hard drives are still usable?

RO635: Considering the physical damage...Barely any.

RO635: Even if they hadn't wiped them, it would be impossible to access the data stored in them.

M4 SOPMOD II: You know, why do humans waste so much time and effort deleting files on their computers?

M4 SOPMOD II: They can just smash their hard drives!

ST AR-15: Have you considered the fact that hard drives aren't usually meant to be single-use consumables?

Commander: Oh, you have a point.

After a brief discussion, the Dolls go back to searching for clues amid the damaged equipment.
Part 3: -48-D2-3-1-GD-3.txt

3

UMP45: I've been wondering.

416: About what?

UMP45: Just how influential are these people in Germany?

UMP45: They have factories and plants all over the country.

UMP45: They have people everywhere, and if something happens, they just abandon ship.

UMP45: The phrase "The monk can run but the temple remains" doesn't apply to them at all...

UMP45: If only I also had that kind of money...

UMP9: Stop dreaming and help me move these tiles, 45.

UMP9: I think I see something underneath.

UMP45: Coming...
Part 4: -48-D2-3-1-GD-4.txt

    4chevron_right

ST AR-15: Commander, we have swept the entire plant, but other than some Paradeus stragglers, we haven't found anything.

Commander: ...

Commander: Withdraw.

RO635: At least we didn't encounter any tough battles. Let's go, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm tired! I just wanna sit in this crate and get Bailey and Banana to drag me back...

ST AR-15: Are you trying to bleed Bailey's and Banana's batteries dry? Get up.

M4 SOPMOD II: No.

SOP-II stubbornly sits in a crate. When it rolls onto its side, the bottom is revealed.

Along with an order manifest with slightly blurred handwriting.

Commander: ...

Commander: SOP-II, you're a genius.

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, I know I'm one.

