...

...

What scant legacies we still possess, you left behind for us.

What convictions burned in your hearts when you first sacrificed yourselves?

What did you hope to gain when you decided to surrender control over your destinies?

...

Ange: Tell me, would you all have made the same decision if you saw how we are now?

Ange: ...

Ange: Perhaps the only one lesson that we, those who remain, have learned from your sacrifices...

Ange: ...Is that we will never, ever learn anything from them.

...Click.

AK-12: Ange, the lurking threats are on the move.

AK-12: Shall we continue surveillance?

Ange: ...

AK-12: Ange? Do you read me?

Ange: They're moving much faster than anything Statesec planned for.

Ange: And those bureaucrats... they won't ever consider the errors in orders they gave out from behind the desk.

AK-12: You mean you plan on using this opportunity to take the wind out of their sails?

Ange: ...

Ange: That's not the reason we came here. Nor are they the ones responsible for the choices we made.

Ange: Take 94 and link up with me. Get the team ready for action.

...The transmission ends.

Ange: M4.

M4A1: I'm here.

M4A1: What is this place? Ange, there's no need for us to be here during a surveillance operation.

Ange: It might be unnecessary...but that doesn't mean it's meaningless.

Ange: What is this place, according to your neural cloud?

M4A1: It's a memorial to the fallen. There are no clues or information around here.

M4A1: The world got worse and worse, even after wars upon wars. Their sacrifices were in vain.

Ange: This memorial to the fallen of the last war is enough of an answer.

Ange: A sacrifice is the final defense of one's beliefs. They died for what they believed in.

Ange: And we, the ones who lived, have no right to assign value to the sacrifices of others.

M4A1: I will not adjust my opinion in light of that.

Ange: ...

Ange: ...And you decided to interfere with Griffin's business with the same attitude?

Ange: You knew very well that what you did would only expose us prematurely.

M4A1: ...It's all for the sake of future operations.

Ange: But if it all comes to nothing in the end, are you willing to accept the fact that everything you did was in vain?

M4A1: I will not, nor is there a need to consider such a possibility.

Ange: M4...

Ange: ...

Ange: You're becoming more and more of a stranger to me.

M4A1: "Protect your friends in the AR Team no matter the cost, even if you have to sacrifice yourself."

M4A1: Weren't you the one who taught me this core principle?

Ange: ...

A bouquet of fresh flowers is laid before the memorial.

Ange: Things are different from how they used to be.

M4A1: Nothing's changed. It's just that you've become weak.

Ange: Ha, you don't quite seem to know the difference.

Ange: However, you'll probably begin to understand after this operation.

M4A1: Really?

M4A1: Do you know what's going to happen during this operation?

Ange: I don't, M4A1...

Ange: But it definitely won't be anything good, right?

M4A1: ...Aren't you the optimist.

Ange: The only good thing that can come of this is that we survive.

Ange: Do your best to achieve that, then you'll understand...

Ange: The meaning of sacrifice, and everything you see before you...

Ange: ...I assure you of that.

...

A hacker.

A spy.

An information broker.

Or perhaps a middleman for "the big shots."

K: Oh, and Commander? I know you're monitoring our conversation from your terminal.

K: I don't know what you look like, but from the way you handled the situation, I understand why you are feared by many.

K: However, while in this city, you won't want me as an enemy and vice versa - for the time being.

Perhaps he's one of those.

Or perhaps...he's all of them.

K: In any case, I give my regards.

K: Should I say..."A pleasure to meet you," or "Welcome to Belgrade"?

K: I've been waiting for you.

I dislike dealing with such people.

They'll help you, for a high price.

But you'll never know when they'll betray you for an even higher one.

...

K: Now then...

K: Angelia... Let me tell you about her adventures.

K: Where would you like me to start?

...The next day, in a secret Griffin safe house.

Kalina: Commander!

Kalina: Wake up, Commander!

RO635: Miss Kalina? Ah...still can't get the Commander out of the room?

Kalina: Yeah...it seems the Commander's still feeling down after that conversation with Mr. K yesterday.

RO635: I can understand how that feels, like it was all for nothing...

RO635: Even so, I took the briefcase as K asked. Should I begin analyzing the contents?

RO635: Or should we contact Miss Persica?

Kalina: The Commander asked us to put all activities on hold, so we probably shouldn't do anything until we get orders.

RO635: But it's almost time for the scheduled call with K. At this rate...

...The door suddenly opens.

Commander: Kalina, come to the comms room.

Kalina: Er... Yes, Commander!

Kalina: The signal's not too good... Ah, we're through!

Kalina: Commander, we can engage in encrypted comms on channel B-3-5F, and we can maintain comms secrecy for three minutes.

K: Commander, you're late. Not a good habit for a PMC to have.

Commander: ...

K: What's the matter? The look on your face suggests that you're quite unhappy with me.

K: According to my information, you've recalled all the Dolls you've dispatched to this safe house.

K: Should I interpret this as a form of disobedience?

Commander: As far as I know, the orders I received were to look for Ange.

K: Do you still think so, even after what happened yesterday?

K: "Find Ange"?

K: If you really believe that, then I'll have to look for another candidate.

Commander: Smuggling the HOCs and the Dolls past the border went too smoothly.

Commander: One would have to pay a huge price in order to make such a thing happen, and it's not something that money alone can cover. So there must be some reason why Griffin has to be here.

Commander: What that tells me is that you and your backers have no better choice than me. So you can either tell me more about Ange, or I can have my Dolls take a vacation until it's too late.

K: You're smart, Commander.

K: But I've already told you enough.

K: "Ange is not your enemy."

K: Just like I said yesterday.

Kalina: Of COURSE we know Miss Ange isn't our enemy!

Kalina: It's because she's not our enemy that we're so worried about her and want to find her!

K: Ah, Kalina, Griffin's veteran logistics officer.

K: You were an orphan and a drifter from a young age, which is why you place such great emphasis on money. Kryuger pitied you, and so he recruited you into Griffin despite you being underage at the time.

Kalina: ...

K: Normally, I'm not a fan of dealing with people who are too avaricious, because they'll sell themselves for the slightest bit of cash.

K: Would you betray the Commander beside you for money?

Kalina: Of course not!

K: Mm. Compared to your fake smile from just now, I find your genuine anger a lot cuter.

K: I believe that you won't, because everything has a price. In other words, a bargaining chip of commensurate value.

K: It's just like how every bit of information I provide must be paid for by you providing something of equal value to me.

Commander: You don't get to decide the equivalence of values all on your own. I'm not going to say this again. Griffin will not take any action before I gain more information.

K: Seeking mutual consensus is very good. It seems that on top of getting straight to the point, you're quite adept at negotiations, Commander. It would seem I will have to make a few concessions of my own.

Kalina: Please stop going around in circles, Mr. K. Shouldn't we be working together?

K: Your opinion is very constructive, so I will add another piece of information.

K: Ange the "traitor" is currently carrying out a mission not fitting of her "traitor" status. And as you know, she is currently in this very city.

K: She is alone save for her Doll squad, and the mission she is carrying out is, as always, extremely risky. Severely outnumbered, it is very likely that she will be swamped by the enemy if she does not receive support. And the people who were supposed to provide said support are enjoying a vacation in a cozy cabin...

Commander: ...

Kalina: ...

K: Here's another freebie. Her team contains Dolls who were once from the AR Team.

K: If my information is correct, they once operated under you. Am I correct, Griffin Commander?

Kalina: M4...? They're in Belgrade too?

Commander: ...

Commander: What do you need us to do now?

K: I like that pragmatic nature of yours, Commander.

K: I believe we will enjoy working together.

...Inside Griffin's safe house in Belgrade.

RO635: We were insulted by humans...trapped...almost drowned...

RO635: And we didn't even manage to find the enemy's true hiding place... If this keeps up...

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you talking about, RO?

M4 SOPMOD II: Quit moping over there, the clothes we washed yesterday are dry now. I'll put them here, along with your gear.

RO635: ...I really envy how you can be so relaxed in a situation like this.

RO635: Did you get a checkup afterwards? Did the water damage your body?

M4 SOPMOD II: Nope! I was on your shoulders all the time so I didn't get any water on me~

M4 SOPMOD II: When can we get fully waterproofed bodies, anyway?

RO635: I don't think that's possible in the short term...

M4 SOPMOD II: Then we'd better avoid the sewers from now on...

M4 SOPMOD II: If the Commander's forces had arrived any later, we might really have gone to a watery grave.

RO635: Actually, what bothers me more is the "guardian angel" that Mr. K was talking about...

RO635: They managed to open a door that even I couldn't remotely operate...

M4 SOPMOD II: So you're saying...someone else saved us yesterday?

RO635: I'm not too sure... Ah, hang on, there's an incoming transmission.

Kalina: Still there, RO? Could you bring that briefcase to the comms room? Also, the Commander said to let SOP-II come along as well.

RO635: Roger. Let's go, SOP-II. We've got a new mission.

RO635: What's this briefcase?

Kalina: We've activated it the way Mr. K told us to. What's this...

M4 SOPMOD II: What the heck...it's just a holographic map and a bunch of coordinates.

Kalina: There are way too many coordinates, no matter how you slice it... Do we really have to dispatch Dolls to each of them?

RO635: We have to send someone to every one of them? That would pretty much scatter them across the entire city, isn't this a bit too...

M4 SOPMOD II: Is that Mr. K's request? He's clearly treating us like tools! Does he want to turn us into walking security cameras?!

Kalina: (Groans) That said, he does have information on Ange, and everything we are about to do will help her.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ehhh? You've got news about Ange?!

Kalina: All we know is that "she's carrying out a mission in this city" and that she needs our help.

RO635: Ange...is also in Belgrade...?

RO635: So...our presence here isn't a coincidence...

M4 SOPMOD II: If Ange's here, then are M4 and AR-15 also...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: But if they're here, then why didn't they contact us?

M4 SOPMOD II: There are a lot of ways to communicate securely, right?

RO635: Don't get worked up, SOP-II.

RO635: As long as we do what we are supposed to, we'll meet them eventually.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just feel like...

M4 SOPMOD II: I haven't really thought about what I should say if I end up meeting the others again.

RO635: It's still too early to think about such things, SOP-II.

RO635: Also, what will we be doing next, according to Mr. K's plan?

Kalina: Er...um...disguise yourselves as humans, and chill...?

M4 SOPMOD II: So we're going to be walking security cameras after all!

...

P22: Hailing Commander, our forces are in position.

P22: We're preparing for the infiltration.

Lewis: We're in position too, haven't encountered any obstacles for the moment.

Lewis: Hehe, as I thought, humans don't go out of their way to give good-looking girls trouble.

Lewis: Still, are you sure we have to put away our weapons before entering the indicated district?

Lewis: It doesn't feel safe...

Kalina: The last two echelons are in position. That means everyone's reached their appointed coordinates, and their weapons have all been hidden away. What should we do next, Commander?

Commander: We'll wait for K's next request.

Kalina: Understood.

Kalina: Still, why would Mr. K want us to go to these places?

Kalina: They're all residential areas or shopping districts, it doesn't seem like there are any high-value targets there...

...Click.

K: Commander, you moved faster than I expected.

K: My opinion of Griffin has been favorably revised.

Kalina: No need to sweet-talk us at a time like this.

Kalina: I'm sure what we're doing isn't as simple as having a bunch of Tactical Dolls stand by the side of the road, am I correct?

K: I like I.O.P. products very much. Having one next to you feels like being in the company of a real person.

K: And sometimes, kindness can be a weapon in its own right.

Kalina: ...Is that why you asked the Dolls to hide their weapons, in order to make them look more like ordinary human beings?

K: That's because our enemy might be more human-like than us.

Kalina: So you're saying, the white enemies...are already lying in wait at those coordinates?

K: Commander, don't you need more information about Ange? Consider this operation the price for learning about her.

K: Find those white bastards and wipe them out before it's too late.

Kalina: But if the enemy's already infiltrated these streets, doesn't that mean they're already among the humans and the civilian Dolls?

Kalina: There's no way we can tell who's a hidden enemy under these conditions!

K: The briefcase contains a database containing the White Faction signal markers we've encountered so far. Send it to your Dolls.

K: Once you scan anyone who matches those markers, force a connection and fry their neural clouds.

K: If you meet any tricky opposition, let RO and SOP-II handle it. They should have enough experience with that after yesterday.

Commander: ...

Commander: How did you know that RO and SOP-II have experience in picking out hidden enemies?

K: Oh, don't frown at me like that, Commander. Obtaining information is my job.

K: Especially...information about you.
Part 2

2

...Inside the Belgrade safe house.

Marlohe: Commander, Miss Kalina, this way please.

Kalina: What is this place?

K: One of my safe houses.

K: You can set up your command post here for the duration of your operations in this city.

K: The equipment here will provide you ample transmission coverage to keep your HQ in contact with your Dolls throughout the city limits.

Kalina: I can't believe it... It's a Type 50 bidirectional low-frequency MSE-based transceiver system...and there're three of them!

Kalina: Closed-circuit signal jammers! Holy crap, every room's been fitted with them...

Kalina: Can that Mr. K really throw around military-grade equipment like this so casually...?

K: As long as it helps the mission.

K: Let Marlohe know if you have any other requests. She is at your service.

K: If there's nothing else, we'll speak again at our next scheduled communication.

K: I'll leave the rest to you, Marlohe.

Marlohe: Yes, Master.

Kalina: Mr. K might be stingy with his information, but he's really generous in other areas...

Marlohe: Miss Kalina, can I help you with anything?

Kalina: Ah, then, could you tell me about Ange?

Marlohe: No comment.

Kalina: Ah...as I thought, it didn't work...

Kalina: Eh, forget it. Miss Marlohe, please show us around this place, if you would.

Marlohe: Understood.

...

Marlohe: This is the ammunition storage room.

Marlohe: The toilet is ahead and to the right.

Kalina: There are just too few toilets here...not enough for everyone.

Marlohe: May I remind you that Dolls do not have the biological need to use the bathroom.

Kalina: ...

Kalina: ...I know that! I'm talking about our logistics staff!

Marlohe: I would advise against letting too many people learn the location of this safe house. The other Griffin personnel can remain in the prior location.

Kalina: Humph... Alright...

Marlohe: Let us proceed to the next area.

Marlohe: This central room contains the MSE system hub, with a double-redundant emergency power supply here and here. You can observe the network from here, and I have already forwarded the interface and transmission network blueprints to you.

Kalina: Huh...so you could install them like this...

Kalina: Can I try modifying this equipment now?

Marlohe: Certainly. I can assist you.

Kalina: Alright! That way it'll be much more versatile!

Kalina: Thank you, Miss Marlohe. I didn't expect your database to contain so many plans!

Marlohe: Don't mention it.

Kalina: This way, the layout will be close to what it was in the base, which means it'll be easier for the Commander to use too.

Marlohe: If there is nothing else, I will enter standby mode.

Kalina: Wait! Wait a minute! Let's have a chat!

Marlohe: A chat?

Kalina: Yes, yes!

Marlohe: What shall we chat about?

Kalina: Ah...er...um...

Marlohe: If there is nothing of great importance, I will enter standby mode.

Kalina: Wait!

Kalina: Ah, yes...that's right, Miss Marlohe, what is Mr. K usually like?

Marlohe: I don't quite understand what you mean.

Kalina: That is to say...what kind of person is he like most of the time?

Kalina: For instance...do people usually visit him?

Marlohe: Secrecy is our mantra. Nobody would come to our door.

Kalina: Then does Mr. K speak with you?

Marlohe: Master needs to spend a great deal of time every day on collecting and analyzing information.

Marlohe: He does not waste time on frivolous interaction.

Kalina: Eh...but withdrawing from others isn't a good way to treat yourself...

Kalina: Surely there must be a limit to how deeply you can immerse yourself in work, right?

Marlohe: Thank you for your concern.

Marlohe: However, Master lives a very regimented life, and his health status is also strictly monitored.

Kalina: Regimented?

Marlohe: Master has arranged a schedule for himself.

Marlohe: He is very precise in his activities and daily life and does not leave any openings. Nor does he waste any time or energy. Everything must be kept at maximum efficiency.

Kalina: He can't be off, not even for a second?

Marlohe: Not even for a second.

Kalina: That feels a little frightening...

Kalina: Don't tell me Mr. K is just an A-Doll who only knows how to work?

Kalina: Ahaha... I was just kidding...

Marlohe: Please take those words back.

Kalina: Huh?

Marlohe: Even if Master controls his life with absolute precision, he is not an emotionless machine.

Marlohe: He simply acts in a way that will protect everyone, even if others do not understand his method.

Marlohe: Therefore I will not tolerate any criticism about the Master.

Kalina: I...I'm sorry...

Marlohe: Someday you will understand too.

Marlohe: If there is nothing else, please permit me to take my leave.

Kalina: Al...alright...

Marlohe leaves.

Kalina: Really... A misunderstood method...

Kalina: Perhaps other than our standpoints, we're not so different after all...

Kalina: Phew...

Kalina: It took a bit of doing, but on the whole, this temporary command post looks pretty good.

Commander: You've finished already?

Kalina: I did my best to give this place the same functionality as the command room in our base. I also made some small changes so that we can communicate with the outside world in a more secure transmission mode.

Commander: So you're saying we can talk to Persica?

Kalina: I think you shouldn't contact Persica for the time being. She's probably under very heavy surveillance right now...

Commander: How about the others?

Kalina: I've been negotiating with WAVE Corporation. While they're an information agency that Mr. Witkiny recommended, they seem a little suspicious. Still, it's not like we have any better choices right now...

Commander: I reckon that means you're onto something.

Kalina: Yes. In fact, I was looking for you to tell you about it.

Kalina: WAVE helped us gather some information, and while it was pricey...it was worth it.

Commander: Hm, care to share?

Kalina: Do you remember what Mr. Witkiny said before...about how this mission was given to us by a member of Statesec?

Kalina: At first, I thought that Mr. K was a Statesec agent or something, but it was only after I looked through the information that I realized...we really are quite low on the food chain...

Kalina: K isn't an employee of Statesec, at least not according to their personnel manifest. So to Statesec, we're just...subcontractors of a subcontractor.

Commander: A glove over another glove, huh...

Kalina: Ange aside, Statesec is also taking official action in this city. There's going to be a very important bilateral summit taking place in three days, so it's easy to see why Mr. K wants us to clear out the infiltration of the White Faction's Dolls...

Commander: That was the meeting they were talking about on TV earlier, right...

Kalina: Correct, but there's something weird about it all...

Kalina: This operation in Belgrade - both the officially dispatched agents as well as the people liaising with K - didn't originate from the Bureau HQ, but the Sixth Directorate of Internal Security.

Commander: The Sixth Directorate?

Commander: But if I'm not wrong, the Ninth Directorate is in charge of diplomatic protection work...right?

Kalina: Precisely. Sixth Directorate mainly handles top secret cases involving cutting-edge technology and national-defense industries.

Kalina: That's why it's so weird!

Kalina: Why would they need to send people from the Sixth Directorate just to provide security for a summit?

Kalina: Why is K in Belgrade, acting on the orders of a department that deals with top-secret technology?

Kalina: And what does all of this have to do with Ange?

Commander: ...

Commander: I'll remember this.

Commander: Did you find anything related to Ange?

Kalina: Yeah...

Kalina: But everything I could dig up didn't go into much depth.

Kalina: Most of it was combat records from when she was seconded to Griffin as a commander in the past, except for this one...

...Click.

The attempt to read the file fails.

Commander: Is it...corrupted?

Kalina: It's not corrupted. Judging from the details, it looks like someone deleted the information.

Commander: This time period...it's a log of Ange's activities from before and after Operation Butterfly...

Commander: Can you or WAVE recover the file?

Kalina: I've already tried...

Kalina: But since the information was deliberately destroyed, there's pretty much no way to restore it.

Commander: ...

...In the middle of the night.

I'm sitting at my place, contemplating Kalina's findings as well as everything about this city.

Commander: ...

Commander: (K is the middleman between Statesec and us, which means K is on the same side as Statesec.)

Commander: (But does K truly know what Statesec's real objective is?)

Commander: (Or are we all nothing but pawns?)

What role did Ange play in all of this?

If everything was as K said and Ange is still carrying out the mission given to her by Statesec, then why did Statesec prepare a card like me?

Am I to assist her...

Or to monitor her?

And if Ange really does defy the orders given to her by Statesec... then what role does K play?

...Someone knocks on the door.

Kalina: Not asleep yet, Commander?

Commander: Oh, I'm almost about to.

Commander: Right now, it's just... I can't stop thinking about a few things.

Kalina: All-nighters are bad for your health, you know.

Kalina: Here, I've warmed up some milk, drink it while it's hot!

Commander: Mm...thanks.

Kalina: Miss Marlohe allowed me to query their database, so I've been searching for useful information all this while.

Kalina: I rushed over because I stumbled upon something.

Kalina: Still...you really were thinking about Ange after all, weren't you?

Commander: ...Yeah, all of this is just weird, no matter how you slice it.

Commander: It feels like I'm missing a piece of the puzzle and I can't link it all together.

Kalina: It's all because K controls all the information and he won't reveal anything!

Kalina: While he keeps saying he'll tell us more after we complete our mission, he's either been playing dumb or feeding us irrelevant things up till now.

Kalina: I don't believe that he'll explain it all to us after we've finished everything!

Commander: Even so, we need to play our part.

Commander: If he wants obedient tools, then we'll do as he says in principle.

Kalina: But even if we do that...

...Kalina and I both fall silent.

Commander: Ugh, for now, let's set aside these problems we can't understand.

Commander: I also found more detailed information about the upcoming summit.

Commander: This is the local paper from last night.

—"In light of the upcoming international summit, the municipal authorities have announced 17 new security ordinances in order to ensure the safety of the meeting's opening ceremony..."

Kalina: Belgrade... It's considered neutral territory on the European political map, so if there are bilateral talks, they'll be held here, and the Neo-Soviet Union and the United Nations will have ambassadors representing them.

Kalina: This city is beyond the reach of either sides' influence, so a lot of thought must have gone into picking this place.

Commander: Neutral, huh... Trust is as hard to build as ever. Granted, they can avoid political pressure from both sides on neutral ground. However, the downside is that it's very easy for people who don't want the summit to infiltrate this place...

Kalina: That's true...

Kalina: I also heard some rumors that there were some plans to join the United Nations on our side, but the idea of allying with old enemies was met with extreme backlash within the country. Perhaps people don't love peace as much as they say they do...

Commander: It's not easy to shake hands with a mortal enemy.

Commander: And to some people, a world in conflict better serves their interests.

Kalina: Ugh...it's so confusing...

Commander: Apart from that...did you find anything else?

Kalina: Oh, I almost forgot!

Kalina: Commander, take a look at this!

...Kalina dumps a pile of documents on the desk.

Commander: Let me see...

Commander: Special columns and reviews...

Commander: The United Nations clarifies its anti-war stance...but the dates are all...

Kalina: They're from the event 2 years ago commemorating the 10th anniversary of the end of World War III..

Kalina: K dug up a lot of articles from that period. He always made special note of things like these that you could find anywhere.

Commander: ...

Commander: "Rossartrism".

Kalina: That's right... They're all activities linked to Rossartrism.

Commander: I've heard that the Rossartrists were behind the formation of the United Nations and they were even tied to the end of WWIII.

Commander: Still, there's nothing surprising about him collecting these. While K didn't go out and take part in political activities, it seems he has a political stance of his own.

Commander: That said, I don't understand why someone like him would choose to support such an extreme ideology.

Kalina: I think I've found the reason why K chose us... take a look at this.

Commander: This is...

Kalina: By May, 25 members of the United Nations will have declared their wish to embrace Rossartrism.

Kalina: Public support of governments which practice Rossartrism is in excess of 70%.

Kalina: A new common destiny will soon be born, and mankind will soon set foot into a new era of faith and mutual aid.

Kalina: High-ranking officials of the United Nations have announced more initiatives to progress mankind, and to that end they have already prepared to become a cutting edge of a newer world.

Commander: Wait, what was that...?

Kalina: Yeah... I was really surprised when I saw it too.

Commander: "A newer world..."

Kalina: "The cutting edge of a newer world."

Kalina: That's the slogan of the Rossartrist movement.

Kalina: They were using it long before Griffin did.

Commander: ...

Kalina: Spreading Rossartrism is prohibited within the nation, so we know almost nothing about it...

Kalina: I have no idea why Mr. Kryuger would use this for Griffin's slogan...

Commander: ...

Commander: Let's end it here for today.

Kalina: Huh?

Commander: Thinking about this won't help, and we still have a mission to carry out tomorrow. Let's call it a night.

Kalina: That...that's true. I'll go sleep, then. Goodnight, Commander.

...

...I had stopped the conversation in its tracks because the anxiety and uneasiness I felt was worse than when the Nytos were observing me on my sickbed.

Commander: "The cutting edge of a newer world..." Huh.

Commander: What forces could have guided things to this juncture...

Commander: Perhaps all this is more complicated and more frightening than I can imagine.
Part 3

3

...Mission accomplished.

Kalina: Commander, judging by the signals, we've wiped out the last enemies in hiding.

Kalina: But we couldn't find any more clues about the White Faction on their bodies.

Kalina: I've already sent over the data we've collected.

Commander: Is that so...

Commander: It seems we'll need to count on K in order to unravel this mystery.

...Click.

K: Neatly done, Commander.

K: Objectively speaking, there are few people with your level of operational efficiency. I have to say that it's left quite an impression.

Kalina: Humph, we've done what you've asked of us.

Kalina: Don't you think it's time to honor the promise you've made?

Kalina: At the very least, can you explain what this mission is all about?

K: You've made it perfectly clear that you can complete a task well even without knowing the details behind it.

K: However, I'll make an exception on account of the passable results of this task... What do you want to know?

Kalina: The briefcase you gave RO... The signal marker database inside it allowed us to accurately pinpoint the Dolls in hiding.

Kalina: Since you had the ability to find them, why didn't you take care of them yourself?

K: Someone's responsible for finding them, and you're responsible for exterminating them. That's the principle. Passing the information on to you via the database was just a secure means of communication.

Kalina: And did we purge the White Factions' infiltrators in order to secure the safety of the upcoming bilateral talks?

K: Yes.

Commander: ...And here I thought you'd have denied or tried to hide it

K: You would have guessed it, even if I hadn't said anything, so there was no harm in telling you.

Kalina: Why didn't you send out more professional security personnel since it's such an important summit? Surely Statesec's better at this than PMCs like us.

K: That's because someone believes you can do a better job than Statesec.

Kalina: What...

K: ...

K: We're not inside our country. We're not even within a country that's under our control.

K: If we're even the slightest bit careless here in anything we do, it might trigger a diplomatic disaster.

K: Therefore they cannot — and they will not — act rashly.

K: What we need are people who can conceal their identities and who are also capable of eliminating the enemy.

K: What you said earlier was right; there's no better choice than you for the job.

Kalina: In that case, how about telling us about Ange...

K: Being the best choice doesn't mean you get to make any demands

K: We have other plans in place even without you. Nobody is irreplaceable.

Kalina: Tsk...

Commander: I understand our position, and we're doing our best to keep our side of the bargain.

Commander: I don't mind not asking about Ange now, but I have another question.

K: Today's Q&A session is over.

Commander: Even if this question could determine the success or failure of the entire operation?

K: ...

Commander: Are the people you want us to purge really from the White Faction?

Commander: At first, I thought they had spread out and hidden because they were preparing to unleash a wave of city-wide devastation.

Commander: But as we uncovered more of their ambush positions, I realized they did not follow that logic.

Commander: Their deployment was extremely sloppy, and even if they wanted to take action, they lacked coordination among themselves and were easily isolated and destroyed.

Commander: When we launched an electronic warfare offensive to eliminate the infiltrating enemy units, they couldn't mount any effective resistance. They could not even find the origin of the Dolls which launched the attack.

Commander: But the technology and equipment they used definitely belong to the White Faction. That's what I find the most disturbing.

Commander: If they really were units from the White Faction, then they were being far too amateurish.

K: Perhaps that's all there is to them.

Commander: In my experience, it's not a good sign when an operation goes too well.

K: Overestimating the enemy is just as bad a habit as underestimating them, Commander.

Commander: If this meeting isn't so important, we wouldn't be standing here. If the meeting really is that important, then the White Faction wouldn't have sent a bunch of rabble over. That leaves only one conclusion...the true threat is not among these enemies.

K: I will convey your opinion to my client.

Commander: There's still time to call for reinforcements from StateSec.

K: No help will come from within the country.

Commander: What? Why?! Do you intend to stand by and watch as the peace summit is ruined?

K: Even if this is an important meeting, there is no real meaning behind the meeting itself.

K: The true meaning lies in the change of opinions behind the meeting.

K: There is nothing that cannot be sacrificed and nothing that cannot be forgotten.

K: You're smart, Commander. Sometimes, knowing less will help you live a little longer.

Commander: ...

K: That's all for today, go get some rest. There will be far more arduous tasks ahead of you.
Part 4

4

...Inside the Belgrade safe house.

Lewis: S.F. Dolls...they're average.

Lewis: Military automatons...they're so ugly they make me sick.

Lewis: Now, these White Faction infiltrator Dolls...they look the best.

Lewis: But why is it that these White Faction Dolls are the most troublesome ones to handle?!

P22: There's no end to the missions we're running outside, I can't believe you've still got the strength to complain so much.

Lewis: I can't help it, I feel bad about opening fire on targets that move my heart!

Lewis: First it was the high-end S.F. Dolls, and now these...

P22: What are you so sad about? Either those beautiful targets get disfigured, or you do. Feel free to take your pick.

P22: If you want to blame someone, then blame mankind for making such pretty things do jobs like this.

Lewis: Humans or Dolls, why won't they just sit down and talk things out...

Lewis: A lot of things wouldn't have to be so complicated if only people had more patience!

P22: They wouldn't?

P22: Do you think your enemies are also that naive?

Lewis: But—

X95: Ladies, are you really not going to use this time to get some rest?

X95: We'll be very busy over the next few days.

P22: I just can't help it, X95.

P22: Her Grace over here doesn't know how the world works yet.

...P22 stretches her body from where she's sitting on the sofa.

Lewis: Humph! I just don't get it!

Lewis: Besides, I don't understand why people still love to fight even though everyone knows that bloody conflicts are bad!

Lewis: And fighting would be one thing, but ruining such pretty faces—

X95: Ugh...

X95: Lewis, very often people don't choose to fight because they want to, but because they have to.

X95: Would you be so opposed to a war if it could compel two enemies to sit down and talk out their differences?

Lewis: But there'll be lots of unhappiness as long as there's war.

Lewis: It shouldn't be worthwhile!

P22: Isn't that why humans use Dolls to bleed on their behalf?

P22: From that point of view, you ought to be glad that you're a Doll, Your Worship.

X95: You don't need to put it that way, Miss P22...

Lewis: But they're just making us handle all the things they don't want to face!

Lewis: The source of the problem hasn't been dealt with at all.

X95: Many things are like that. Perhaps these problems may never be resolved.

X95: Humans passed those things on to us because very often, they, too, had to bear a lot of problems which didn't belong to them...

Lewis: Since it's not their problem, they should just ignore it...

X95: The problems left over from the past can't be abandoned so easily. That's the price of human progress.

X95: Too many people have had to bear the hatred of others from birth, even if both parties will never, ever meet.

X95: And blind hatred...eventually results in war.

Lewis: But how can everyone be so blind?!

Lewis: Surely any of their leaders...no, any one of them with some sense would know this is completely illogical, right?

Lewis: So why don't they choose to stop it?

P22: Hehe, it's not just that they didn't stop it, but the smartest humans even gave it a grand-sounding title.

P22: People nowadays are more inclined to call these leftover problems from the past "nationalism".

X95: I think the most ironic thing is that in the end, the only thing that can calm these people down is war.

X95: ..."It is well that war is so terrible, or we should grow too fond of it."

Lewis: ...

Lewis: (Sighs) Why isn't there a button that can wipe away all hatred with a push...

Lewis: Then we wouldn't need to keep going round in circles...

P22: It's hard to say if everyone wants such a thing.

P22: Would you be willing to reach an understanding with S.F. Dolls?

Lewis: I don't have any basis for this, but I feel that the high-end S.F. Dolls aren't bad people.

Lewis: There must have been some misunderstanding which led to them becoming the way they are now.

P22: Even if you think it's possible, how many of us would be able to accept that point of view?

P22: These are the same S.F. Dolls that have been wrecking our comrades out there, you know.

Lewis: How can I answer that?!

Lewis: I'm just a Doll, if S.F. destroys me, then just send me back to IOP for repairs.

Lewis: Ugh...my head hurts...

Lewis: Why do we have to discuss this...

P22: That's why I think we should just be good Dolls and not think too much. Leave the complicated questions for the big shots to worry about.

P22: Besides...we're just tools that mankind use to achieve their goals.

P22: Just like how they gain the most benefit for themselves by ravaging this world...

...

...Upstairs in the safe house.

HS2000: Seems like the people downstairs have piped down at last...

HS2000: Why do they need to talk about things that have nothing to do with them the moment they get inside...

HS2000: Isn't it much more comfy to just lie down and watch TV?

KSVK: When a soul is beset by confusion and doubt, it is only natural that it becomes aggressive.

KSVK: Suspicion is simply a way to express an attack.

HS2000: I don't quite get it...

HS2000: Still, their discussion was drowning out the sound of the program. I can finally watch TV in peace now.

HS2000: But the programs here are more boring than I imagined... I thought Griffin's video archives were outdated enough, but I didn't expect that there would be a place that's even worse.

KSVK: Be content with the fact that you've got something to watch... You're lucky that you weren't picked for electronic warfare duties or whatever, where your brain can get burned up if you're even the slightest bit careless.

HS2000: We don't have brains... Those are neural clouds, dear, neural clouds...

"We interrupt this program to bring you an urgent weather report..."

HS2000: And now I can't even watch TV...

"A thunderstorm will strike Belgrade within the next 48 hours. The purification towers are at Level Four alert and the trains on the Intercontinental Railway in or out of the city have been cancelled."

"Due to the recent surge in Collapse Fluid levels, the storm may bring intense radiation contamination. Citizens must cease all outdoor activities for the next two days."

"If an emergency situation arises, please contact the following departments—"

HS2000: What does this warning mean...

HS2000: Is this something we should care about? Are we going to have a vacation?

KSVK: Given the content, it seems to be aimed at the local population. In other words...only the humans.

KSVK: I don't think this will affect us in carrying out our mission.

KSVK: We're made of materials that are highly resistant to radiation. That was why we were chosen to come here.

HS2000: Which means we still need to go outside and find the White Faction Dolls, then...

HS2000: Ugh... I don't want to go outdoors in hazardous weather...

KSVK: The challenges which take you out of your comfort zone will eventually become your weapons.

HS2000: But I don't wanna leave my comfort zone...

HS2000: Ehhhh... I hate this... Can't I get a weaker body, the kind with which I can get paid just for being cute...?

KSVK: Destiny will not take pity on your weakness.

KSVK: Your wish will only lead to you being wrecked in battle.

HS2000: Ehhhh, you're so cold...

HS2000: Still, even if I get wrecked, I can still be fixed. I don't have to die outside even in crappy weather like this. Suddenly, being a Doll doesn't seem so bad after all.
Part 5

5

...The third day after the beginning of the extermination operation.

...Click.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander—!

M4 SOPMOD II: Are we done yet?!

Commander: And by done you mean...?

M4 SOPMOD II: We've been scanning, pinpointing and burning the enemy for the past few days...then we scan, pinpoint and burn the enemy again...and the enemy can't really fight either...

M4 SOPMOD II: Doing this sort of thing over and over again...it gets really boring.

Commander: I've been looking at monitors all day long myself, I feel like I'm about to go blind.

Commander: You're at Position 44, right? Things are almost wrapped up there, as long as you and RO...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO's getting bored too!

M4 SOPMOD II: "Besides, after 44 there'll be 54 and 64," she said.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahhh! Quit pulling on me like that, RO!

RO635: I-I never said that!

Commander: Calm down.

Commander: According to K's information, we've almost finished wiping out the enemy's infiltrators.

Commander: So now all we need to do is wait for his...

...Click.

Commander: As I thought.

Commander: RO, SOP-II, head back to the safe house first.

RO635: It's over?

RO635: It's really over?

...

K: In terms of pure efficiency, you were eight hours quicker than I expected.

Commander: So, is the mission over?

Commander: I'm still waiting for my forces to report in.

K: This is a combat feedback report from a Statesec field agent team.

K: The information I'm giving you was prepared by professionals, so you can rest easy accepting it.

Commander: If that agent team can pinpoint the enemy so precisely, would they mind going ahead and taking them out while they're at it?

K: I told you before, their job is surveillance, yours is extermination. Those are the rules of the game.

Commander: So the agent team is your alternative plan, then.

K: One of them.

Commander: Thank you very much for passing me this piece of information.

Commander: But more than that, I'd like to know Ange's current situation.

K: You'll see her soon.

K: Wait for an update from me.

...The transmission ends.

Commander: ...

Kalina: Commander! Breaking news!

Kalina: The other four infiltrator units gave their reports, all the information we have suggests that the White Faction units have been completely wiped out!

Kalina: Now this entire city district is safe!

Commander: Yeah, K already told me.

Kalina: Ehh... You already knew...?

Commander: Call back the echelons that have finished their tasks so they can rest. Have the backup echelons who are standing by take up watch positions.

Commander: Don't let your guard down, everyone. Even if we appear to have wiped out the enemy, there might still be lurking threats.

Kalina: Got it—!

...Kalina leaves.

Commander: (Have they all been wiped out?)

Commander: (The White Faction didn't offer any proper resistance right till the end... but even after asking RO to widen her scanning radius, I couldn't find any remaining signals... Are they really so helpless against us?)

...I sweep my gaze over the dozens of monitor feeds before my eyes, trying to find some trace of armed White Faction troops hiding among them.

But that is not possible, the streets of Belgrade are far too peaceful.

Cars travel back and forth, and the streets are filled with throngs of happy, contented citizens.

Perhaps I could tell how many plainclothes police officers there were at a glance, but I can't tell who's a White Faction Doll in hiding.

...As that thought crosses my mind, a familiar figure suddenly appears in the crowd.

Commander: That's...

...A girl with a familiar face looks up and smiles at the camera.

...Then she vanishes into the masses.

Commander: Ny...

...She's smiling, a smile that says that she has the situation completely under control.

Are our operations at risk of being exposed?

Is that really the case? Were those enemies just a cover-up while we remain ignorant of the true threat?

No, that's impossible, if that really is the case, then how could K and Statesec not have realized this? Don't they have any countermeasures in place?

Am I seeing things? Do I make mistakes like that?

As my thoughts reach that point, I feel a chill running down my spine.

...Click.

K: I know you're not happy with our deliberate reluctance to turn over information on Ange to you, but unbeknownst to anyone, Ange has given too much of herself for the sake of the upcoming matter, and we can't let her sacrifice be in vain.

K: The next and final task you will receive is the true reason why we chose to work with Griffin.

K: We have made the appropriate arrangements. Once your task is complete, you will meet with Ange.

...

Commander: So what does Statesec want us to do?

K: You're a PMC. This part should be familiar.

Commander: The small fry outside have been taken care of. That means what comes next is the main event.

Commander: You want us to join the security team for the peace conference, don't you?

K: I can't keep anything from you, can I, Commander?

K: But you're still considered a reserve force among the security detail. Don't get carried away.

Commander: If it's already decided that we are to protect our country's ambassador, then what does Statesec want us to do?

K: Our country's ambassador?

K: Didn't I tell you not to get carried away just now? You aren't qualified to join the ambassador's bodyguards.

K: ...These are the details of your client this time round.

...Click.

Commander: ...

Commander: Wait a minute, this is...

K: Griffin doesn't need to worry about our ambassador.

K: She, on the other hand...is the client who will be in your care.
Part 6

6

...

...The morning of the summit.

0600.

Security Guard: Step forward, please present your identification.

...

Security Guard: Reporters, please take the press entrance and proceed straight ahead.

...

I pass through layer after layer of chain link fences and barricades.

...After going past the grim-faced police officers and MPs outside, I finally set foot on the staircase leading to the conference hall.

"We don't need Rossartre and his lackeys!"

"Get the fuck out of our city, you extremist executioners!"

All manner of gigantic slogan-bearing banners are visible among the protestors outside the conference hall.

A huge number of protestors have already gathered here before the start of the meeting, and they are locked in an intense standoff with the shield-bearing MPs of Belgrade.

Commander: Terrible weather, terrible crowds, what a terrible day this is.

I look up at the overcast sky and think about the thunderstorm which has been forecasted to grace the city today. Hopefully the city's purification towers will be able to do their job.

...After looking one last time at the noisy confrontation outside, I enter the hall.

Kalina: Commander! Over here!

Commander: Where are the others?

Kalina: (Whispers) The infiltration team used the fake IDs from K and entered successfully.

Kalina: RO and SOP-II are leading the other teams. As ordered, they're monitoring the situation from the surveillance points around the conference hall.

Commander: We don't know who around us is friend or foe, so we'll refer to the White Faction as the "hidden threat".

Kalina: Ah, alright.

Kalina: Everyone's taken the positions which K indicated in his request and they're all waiting for your orders. The interior looks safe, but the crowd outside, on the other hand...

Commander: Don't worry. The MPs of this city will maintain order outside. All we need to do is to make sure the hidden threat hasn't snuck inside.

Commander: Once the summit begins, the police will disperse those people by force.

Kalina: But once they begin driving the crowd away, a conflict will surely break out...

Kalina: I'm worried the enemy will attack the conference hall during the confusion.

Commander: We shouldn't need to worry about the defenses of this place. The MPs here have ample firepower to provide protection.

Commander: If a riot breaks out, let the surveillance teams break up the hidden threat's organized strength on the outside.

Commander: Keep all team leaders on alert and make sure they do their part. Don't attract suspicion.

...

...0700 in the morning.

...As time passes, the conference hall soon fills up with people.

Kalina: Commander, look at the entrance.

Kalina: Something seems to be going on there...

...Not far off, the guards at the entrance are vetting contingents seeking to enter the conference hall strictly.

It is obvious that the visitors are very unhappy with what the guards are doing.

Security Trooper: Nobody is allowed to carry weapons inside the conference hall! Either hand over your weapons or get lost and get out of the way!

Agent: What nonsense are you talking, Class A permits allow us to bring weapons into the venue, it says so clearly in the agreement!

Security Trooper: I've never seen any such agreement and orders are orders!

Kalina: While it's not like I don't understand why... But that checkpoint's being really overzealous in their security checks.

Kalina: Don't tell me they discovered some new threat...

Commander: No...it doesn't look like there's any threat. Those gate guards are just giving the Statesec agents a hard time.

Kalina: Am I missing something? Aren't both sides working to protect the meeting?

Kalina: Why are they still butting heads when the meeting's about to begin...

Commander: The master of this house doesn't seem to like some of the guests, nobody's to blame for that.

Kalina: Urgh...so you're saying it's because of bad historical relationships...

Kalina: Even without the disturbance outside, can a peace conference like this really proceed "peacefully"?

Commander: We shouldn't be worrying about that.

Commander: I just hope the Statesec agents won't focus all their attention on those friendly and welcoming security troopers.

Commander: Something's wrong in the conference hall.

Kalina: Huh?

Commander: X95, do you read me?

X95: Your orders, Commander?

Commander: How's your situation?

X95: Everything's going as planned, apart from the fact that posing as a waitress Doll is a little uncomfortable...

Commander: Bear with it for a little longer.

Commander: Have you verified that all the corridors inside the conference hall are clear?

X95: Yes, I'm sending over the corridor and route information. Other than the normal, guarded corridors, 90% of the emergency exits have been locked down. Half of them are metal fire doors and I visually estimate that one would need in excess of 800 grams of explosive to wreck them. While that might have been done for security purposes, this method of sealing off the exit might lead to the personnel being unable to evacuate swiftly if something happens inside.

Commander: Received. Continue gathering information.

X95: Yes, Commander.

Commander: Other than the corridors being under control, the deployment of security details throughout the building makes no sense. There are too few personnel inside, and most of them are concentrated at the entrances for vetting. In addition, I can't see our Statesec agents.

Kalina: Could the lack of manpower here be due to the original staff being assigned other duties? Maybe they'll come back later?

Kalina: And sealing off the exits can also be interpreted as them wanting to avoid outsiders getting in... Aren't you being too nervous, Commander?

Commander: I don't know.

Commander: But at the very least, I can't think of a logical motive behind these security arrangements.

Kalina: Then...should I report this to K?

Commander: ...There's no way he would have overlooked these details.

Commander: We can't tell what he's thinking, but we have to assume the worst to give ourselves some leeway.

Commander: X95, your original area of responsibility will now be handled by people from Lewis' team. Reposition downstairs and prepare yourself to curb any situations that break out inside.

X95: Yes, understood.

Lewis: Commander, the United Nations convoy has arrived. The VIP is entering the conference hall.

Commander: Can you verify her identity?

Lewis: I can confirm that she is indeed Gilda Ulrich, Chairwoman of the Pan-European Cooperation Initiative's Executive Committee... Let me take a look at her details.

Lewis: West German, born in 2029. In '52, she was apparently involved in the Weihnachtsmärkt Incident at the border that nearly developed into a violent conflict and kept a confrontation between the people and Soviet troops from turning bloody.

Lewis: As one of the few females on the executive committee, Gilda has gained the trust of her superiors and colleagues with her mature and calm methods as well as her efficiency.

Lewis: In '63, the former executive committee Chairman Weldon Kurz was forced to resign his post due to heart disease, and with the backing of the council, this young and capable member of the executive committee assumed the weighty responsibility of Chairwoman.

Lewis: As the lady official who single-handedly shoulders the burden of coordinating the economic institutions of Europe and elaborating on the Pan-European Reconstruction Plan, Gilda Ulrich is merely 34 years old.

Lewis: Uwah, she's a chairwoman at such a young age...

Lewis: It's exactly like the information Mr. K provided... Looks like she's a very dependable woman.

Lewis: Ah...the protestors outside the conference hall are starting to get agitated.

Lewis: From where I'm looking, it appears that they're planning to charge the MPs' defensive line...

Kalina: Has it...already begun...

Commander: The hidden threat might use this opportunity to take action. Everyone, stay alert.

Commander: All surveillance posts, report in.

Lewis: This is bad! We have a situation here!

Lewis: There's a human in a balaclava moving through the crowd from the outside, and he seems to be holding an explosive!

Lewis: Uh, permission to open fire? Oh no, he's almost at the defense line!

Lewis: He—

BOOM!

There is a tremendous explosion!

Commander: What happened?! What's going on outside!

Kalina: Commander— Ow (a burst of piercing static rings out from the earpiece)

Kalina: Our comm signals are being jammed!

Commander: They've begun their information lockdown. The following scenes are not fit for worldwide broadcast. Switch over to the backup circuit. It seems the Zener-only internal comms that K prepared for us are about to see use.

Kalina: Already on it, switching over to the pre-planned circuit... Alright, comms for all the teams are back to normal!

Kalina: The surveillance teams are reporting a terrorist attack outside! A suicide bomber blew himself up at the door to the conference hall!

Kalina: Number of MP casualties are unknown!

P22: Commander!

P22: A truck broadcasting hidden threat signals has appeared in the back streets and it's driving towards the conference hall at high speed.

P22: No, wait...there are high-speed vehicles coming from all directions! I've spotted nine of them; ETA is roughly three minutes!

Commander: As I thought, they weren't going to give up without a fight.

K: Commander.

Commander: I figured you'd contact me around now.

Commander: We've spotted the mobile targets moving in from the outside, shall we destroy them all?

K: You're responsible for the three roads behind the conference hall. The Statesec field agent team will handle the rest.

Commander: Can't let us take all the credit...is that it?

K: You'll get what you want. Now get to work.

RO635: Is it going to start at last?

RO635: The White Faction...

M4 SOPMOD II: No matter what they're plotting, all we have to do is wreck every single person who tries to come close!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hehe, we've done too many boring missions, now it's time for a real workout!

Kalina: Commander, the MPs have restored the defensive perimeter, and they're opening fire on the protestors!

Commander: So we're going to open a peace conference with a massacre... How ironic...

RO635: What should we do now, Commander?

Commander: Lock down the district roads that K indicated and exterminate any hidden threat units and vehicles.

Commander: All units be advised, the protestors are not our enemy, take care not to harm any civilians by accident.

...

RO635: Whew...trying to stop vehicle-borne enemies with small arms is just too difficult!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's not so bad, right? We did it, didn't we?

RO635: That's because you have a grenade launcher! If only the HOCs could have opened fire too...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahaha, I think it's more fun when I do it myself! Do you want me to fit you with my grenade launcher?

RO635: Er...I think not.

RO635: Fortunately we only need to handle three roads, the Statesec agents are finally making themselves useful...

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't think three roads are enough! I've been pent up for too long, I'd rather have a bigger BOOOOM!

RO635: (Groans)I can't be bothered to nag you anymore...

RO635: ...

RO635: Huh? The sounds of the disturbance are dying down... Is it over already?

Kalina: RO, have you eliminated the enemies outside?

RO635: Let me check with the other teams... Hm, the other teams are confirming that the hidden threat signals have completely vanished.

Kalina: Thank you all for your hard work~

Kalina: According to the surveillance teams, the MPs have regained control of the main entrance to the conference hall and the protestors have been almost completely dispersed. Things should be returning to normal soon.

RO635: Phew...hopefully things will end with that.

M4 SOPMOD II: Aw...was that the last enemy...?

M4 SOPMOD II: But why...I didn't even get to enjoy myself...

...In the distance.

???: Heeheehee... Didn't get to enjoy yourself, you say?

???: Don't be in such a rush, my pretty, you haven't even set foot into the banquet yet~

???: Although, speaking of which, didn't I say before that such crude methods were useless?

???: Honestly, they didn't listen at all. They're stupid, and stupid. People deserve to die in a stupid way.

???: Heeheehee, the idiots outside are already dead, but how about the ones inside?

???: I look forward to it~

...

Chairwoman Ulrich: "Our old wounds show our past mistakes. We should not be grateful for the hardships we have experienced, but neither can we deny them."

...The reporters' shutters do not stop for a moment, and countless television cameras stream the press conference live from the summit.

Kalina: Let's see what's on TV...

Kalina: "...The representative of the Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction, Chairwoman Gilda Ulrich and Ambassador Roshchin, Plenipotentiary of the Neo-Soviet Council of Mutual Assistance in Europe, have begun making their joint statement according to schedule. Chairwoman Ulrich once again stresses the importance of the United Nations in rebuilding Europe, and conveys the goodwill of the PECMAR to the Neo-Soviet Union's ambassador..."

Kalina: Speaking of which, that news program from earlier didn't mention Chairwoman Ulrich would be coming, did it?

Commander: It's quite normal to change candidates at the last minute to protect against sabotage or assassination.

Kalina: That's true...

Kalina: But I didn't expect the press to not mention the clash outside at all...

Kalina: It's as though nobody cared that such a big explosion happened, like the inside and outside were two different worlds...

Commander: Even if rivers of blood flowed, the people on top would only let the world see what they wanted to show them.

Commander: We should be thanking our lucky stars that this meeting is going to close out at this pace instead of worrying about unnecessary things.

Commander: ...

Commander: (The enemies outside have been dealt with...but is that really the end of the threats... What about the abnormalities inside the conference hall... Was I really overthinking things?)

Chairwoman Ulrich: "If there were no storms, we would not understand the value of calm days. Peace has never been something that could be easily obtained. If anyone overlooks that point, then peace will never come—"

Commander: ...Her speech is pretty much by the book...

X95: Commander.

Commander: Hm...?

X95: You need to hear this.

"Our comrades outside have been slaughtered, we can't continue the plan!"

"What the hell are you saying?! We can't let our comrades' sacrifice be in vain! We have to finish our mission, even if we're the only ones left!"

Commander: When was this recorded?

X95: 30 seconds ago. I set up a directional mic as you instructed, and I picked this up. It was very soft, and it came from the conference room, where you are. The lounge is sealed off and I can't enter, so I couldn't pinpoint the speakers' location.

Commander: Understood. Try to think of a way to get a more accurate fix. Also, have the infiltration team get ready for battle.

X95: Yes, Commander.

...

...Out of the corner of my eye, I suddenly notice that the Belgradian security troopers have silently and unobtrusively grown in number. The troopers outside the secure doors whisper to each other with their mouths covered, then they suddenly close the main door. Meanwhile, the security troopers beside the stage gather in an unnatural way.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Mr. Rossartre once warned us that every man's fate was not unconnected, that our common destiny was composed of countless individual destinies combined into one, but meaningless suspicion and resistance have turned us from unity to division and dissipation, and have also led to wars turning our homes into rubble.

Chairwoman Ulrich: In the past, people were sacrificed for their nations' survival. These pointless sacrifices must end now!

Chairwoman Ulrich: This sacrifice should be borne by more responsible people, and this meeting is to build a consensus among those great nations who are possessed of such responsibility. Only with true, sincere cooperation, by building trust, and by joining our hands once more can we avert the tragedy of further sacrifice! Thank you, everyone!

The audience erupts into thunderous applause. Chairwoman Ulrich bows humbly to them, then she nods to Ambassador Roshchin behind her before preparing to step off the stage.

Security Trooper: Madam Chairwoman, a moment please.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Is something the matter?

...Bang!

A gunshot echoes through the conference room.

The security trooper suddenly fired into the air, freezing everyone present in place.

Security Trooper: Yes, Madam Chairwoman, something very important is about to happen!

Security Trooper: Our wrath can no longer be contained, and today we will expose your lies to the public!

I look around. The main door to the conference hall is sealed tight and the ten-odd security troopers around us are pointing the jet-black muzzles of their guns at everyone present.

At me, at Kalina, at the other reporters, and...at the ambassador on the stage.
Part 7

    7chevron_right

...

X95: Commander, I can hear gunfire from inside the hall.

X95: We're in position outside the door and are ready to go at any time.

X95: Commander?

Commander: ......

If the infiltration team bursts in, even if they manage to take out several renegade soldiers, the remainder will open fire and probably kill the ambassador.

The odds of being able to completely neutralize the enemy without any casualties are practically non-existent...

Dammit, things are looking really bad! What the hell is K up to?

...

Inside the Belgrade Conference Hall meeting room.

Renegade Soldier: Madam Chairwoman, your speech was very moving, so much so it made me want to throw up!

Chairwoman Ulrich: ......

Renegade Soldier: What the hell was that about mutual aid and trust? You mentioned sacrifice just now, right? Just now, our brothers and sisters, our arms and legs were mercilessly slaughtered outside those doors! All they wanted was to air their grievances, but now they're all face down in pools of blood!

Chairwoman Ulrich: Who are you?!

Renegade Soldier: We are the executors who cleanse the filthy, the loyal and mighty servants of Paradeus, the executioners of you sinners whose mouths are stuffed full of lies! You claim to be for the people, yet you exclude them beyond your walls to fend for themselves! Since you say that the people must not be divided, then today we shall shatter the wall that represents this division!

Commander: I need to be patient... I need to find the chance to strike...

I quietly observe the surroundings. It would seem there are others doing the same thing.

The renegade soldier roughly shoves the Chairwoman to the front of the stage.

Renegade Soldier: You said it just now, didn't you? Sacrifices ought to be borne by those who are more responsible! Then why not be the first to die?!

Renegade Soldier: Your blood shall sanctify our revolution!

The renegade soldier points his rifle at the Chairwoman's head.

Chairwoman Ulrich: This is not my first time staring down the barrel of a gun. I've been prepared to die ever since I devoted myself to Rossartrism.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Even if you open fire now, what can you change? Conflict will only hurt more people. Then when will we be able to rebuild our homes?

Renegade Soldier: Those are your homes, not ours!

Chairwoman Ulrich: They're one and the same, why don't you understand that!

Renegade Soldier: You shut your whore mouth and go to hell!

Commander: This is bad—!

Commander: X95, commence—

K: Unable to take it already, Commander?

Commander: What?!

...

...Bang! Bang! Bang!

Renegade Soldier: ...

Renegade Soldier: You...

...A neat little circle appears between the renegade soldier's eyebrows, and fresh blood trickles out of it.

Behind him, Ambassador Roshchin is gripping a pistol tight in his hand.

The faces of the other renegade soldiers are covered in shock, and the reporters whom they are supposed to be watching suddenly whip out guns of their own.

Commander: ...I see.

Commander: Kalina, get down!

...A second later, gunfire fills the meeting room.

X95: Commander, Kalina, are you exchanging fire with the enemy?!

Kalina: It's not us! Not us!

...

Commander: ...Looks like it's over.

...The renegade soldiers in the meeting room were gunned down almost instantaneously by the armed reporters.

Many people begin to rise from the press seating to inspect the guards' bodies. All of them are holding weapons.

Undercover Agent A: The room is clear. Verify that all hostiles have been eliminated.

Undercover Agent B: Yes, sir. Team Three, with me.

Commander: Tsk... Goddammit...

Commander: Was this all part of your script, K?

K: I told you, you're just a backup force.

Commander: I'm guessing that none of the people sitting here are real reporters?

K: Real reporters wouldn't be able to handle a scene like this.

I look to the stage, where the Ambassador is consoling Chairwoman Ulrich.

Ambassador Roshchin: My sincere apologies, Madam Chairwoman. It seems we gave you quite a fright.

Chairwoman Ulrich: No, no...it's alright... As long as nobody was hurt...

Commander: Everything that happened just now was caught on camera. The headlines tomorrow will read "Terrorists attempt to disrupt peace talks, but both nations combine forces to crush the conspiracy and ensure the progress of peace."

Commander: It'll make for spectacular publicity, and with such stunning news in play, it won't even matter that the summit didn't start properly.

K: I suddenly feel that being a commander might not be your true calling. You would make quite a fine reporter for a small tabloid, too.

Commander: Humph... So that's why you brushed off my objections just now. You already knew that the real enemy was lurking within the venue itself, didn't you?

K: The Belgrade authorities have already uncovered the rebels and handed their names over to us. Their remaining confederates have also been liquidated by our agents. It's funny, really. They sealed off the corridors within the conference hall, but in the end it left them unable to escape. What idiots.

Commander: And we were nothing more than the supporting players for the supporting players.

Commander: Never mind, I won't go into it. Though those rebels mentioned a name just now, Paradeus... It kind of bothers me.

K: I've already looked into it. That name's come up before, in reports from the Yellow Zones. It's the name of an organization which has all the characteristics of a cult. So if I'm not wrong, Paradeus should be the true name of the White Faction.

Commander: Paradeus... Do these guys really think God will save them? Forget it, in any case, we can finally stop using a silly name like "White Faction".

K: What difference does it make to a bunch of corpses?

...

???: Oh yes, what's the point if they're all dead? I can't believe there are people who still don't understand something that even imbeciles know...

???: Heeheeheehee...looks like the people inside were every bit the hopeless nincompoops as the ones outside.

???: Ahhh, but of course I knew they were morons, given how they proudly declared themselves to be servants of Paradeus.

???: Father would never pick such fools to be his servants. I'm the only one Father needs.

???: Heeheeheehee...

???: Still, that's fine too. At least I won't need to waste time on finding the rats in hiding. Now then, the warmup's complete. Is everyone ready?

...

Commander: I believe our mission should be complete, then. When do we get to meet Ange?

K: I'm a man of my word. Call back your Dolls, I'll begin arrang—

Suddenly, a massive tremor rises underneath my feet.

Kalina: Is...is that an earthquake?

K: What...what did you say?!

K suddenly cuts the transmission.

...Click.

Lewis: Commander! There was a huge explosion in the distance, can you see it from your end?!

Lewis: Things look really bad!

Kalina: A huge explosion?

RO635: Commander, our forces are under enemy attack! It's the White Faction! They're in a completely different league from the previous enemies! SOP-II, get down!

Kalina: What's going on?!

RO635: It's an ambush! We've lost half our Dolls! We can't hold this point any longer, please give us permission to withdraw to the conference hall!

Commander: Granted! But you need to stay outside the hall, otherwise the MPs might open fire on you!

RO635: Understood, we'll maintain a safe distance!

Kalina: Didn't Mr. K say the mission was already over? How could this...

Commander: Clearly, "Paradeus" doesn't share that opinion.

Commander: As I thought... It was a Nyto I saw just now... I'm sure I wasn't mistaken.

Commander: Tsk, at the very least the conference hall is a sturdy location, and we have the Statesec agents and the MPs' firepower on our side...

Commander: Goddammit, K! Answer me! Don't start playing dead again at a time like this!

K: Special circumstances, Commander. The mission is still in progress. Ensure the VIP's safety.

Commander: My Dolls outside have taken a real beating, I need to pull them back here to mount a defense!

K: Tsk...you were ambushed too? I've lost contact with over two thirds of the field agent teams all of a sudden.

Commander: Maybe the real enemy found their locations while they were pinpointing the small fry from earlier. We've taken heavy losses ourselves. We need you to change our Dolls' IFF codes immediately!

K: I'll designate your Dolls as friendlies, but the VIP must be unharmed.

...The Statesec agents in the hall have apparently gotten the message too, because they promptly spring into action.

The agents begin fortifying the meeting lounge, their top priority being to ensure the safety of the ambassador and the Chairwoman.

KSVK: Commander, we have sightings of ELIDs on the streets.

KSVK: They're hot on the heels of the fleeing populace and do not seem to be moving toward any particular destination.

KSVK: Your directions, please.

Kalina: ELIDs? You mean the monsters we encountered before in the contaminated zone? What are they doing in the city?

KSVK: Given that the sound of the explosion came from the direction of the purification towers, it's very likely that the city walls have been breached. The assault team has retreated and our surveillance post is now isolated. Shall we continue monitoring the situation?

Commander: Abandon your post and fall back towards the conference hall, then link up with RO.

Commander: Since the Infected aren't rushing straight towards this place, it means we still have some time.

Commander: The conference hall was the strongpoint of the MP's defense to begin with. They've got more people here, so the enemy shouldn't be able to...

...Blam blam.

Commander: What?

...Blam blam.

Huge bullet holes suddenly appear in the reinforced concrete walls, piercing into the meeting room after penetrating several walls.

Commander: 30mm AP shells...!

Agent: Everyone get down!

Ambassador Roshchin: Ensure the Chairwoman's safety! Please follow me, Ma'am!

Chairwoman Ulrich: Alright — Whoaaaa!

An AP round hits Ambassador Roshchin square in the center of his torso and tears him in half.

His corpse falls on Chairwoman Ulrich and knocks her out.

...The Statesec agents inside the lounge are taken out by sniper fire from the outside. The defending agents fall to one precise shot after another.

Commander: Kalina, stay close to me!

Commander: K, the Statesec agents are all down!

K: I know.

...Blam!

Another agent is instantly killed by a large-caliber round that blasts clean through the piece of cover he was hiding behind.

Commander: They're using armor-piercing rounds on soft targets... This is horrific!

K: There are still traitors inside the conference hall.

K: It's not just the agents who exposed themselves earlier who were eliminated, but also the squads still on standby.

K: There must be a spotter inside directing the enemy's fire.

Commander: There's too many people in here now!

Commander: Give me that magical namelist of yours so I can tell who's a traitor!

K: ...I can't.

K: The conference hall isn't safe anymore. Find some way to interdict their line of fire and get the VIP out of this sector.

Commander: Did Statesec expect something like this too?

K: Tsk... Things shouldn't have gone this way.

...The transmission ends.

Commander: X95! Have your team clear a path to the basement. Lewis! Get down from your observation point. We'll deploy smoke grenades so you can come to the conference room and get the VIP to the basement! After linking up, you'll combine your teams and serve as the VIP protection squad. Got that?!

X95: Understood!

KSVK: Received.

Commander: All forces take note, the VIP Team is preparing to leave the conference hall.

Commander: RO, SOP-II, are you alright?

RO635: We're treating the injuries of the Dolls who were attacked!

RO635: The enemy snipers are prioritizing human targets, the MPs and police outside are being routed!

RO635: What should we do next?

Commander: We're preparing to head to the basement, and we need to ensure a clear axis of retreat before making our next move. We'll get the VIP out the back door, but I need you to go there and clear the path outside. Once the VIP gets out, you'll take over protection duties.

RO635: ...Understood!

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, the streets are starting to fill with fleeing people.

M4 SOPMOD II: Those things coming at us... Are they really ELIDs?

Commander: I don't know, but prepare yourself.

Commander: Kill everything in your way, whether they're Infected or Paradeus.

K: Still alive, Commander?

Commander: Just barely.

K: I've lost contact with most of the agent teams lying in wait outside. The remaining teams are searching for the enemy artillery positions. The interior of the conference hall is in shambles too. Nobody's responding from the command center and Ambassador Roshchin has been confirmed KIA.

Commander: What a freaking mess...

Commander: Please tell me you still have a backup plan.

K: There's a cathedral several streets down, a reserve evac point. It's quite sturdy, which should help you in defending it.

Commander: Alright, I'll think of a way to get the VIP there.

Commander: Any clue as to the enemy's movements?

K: Paradeus has infiltrated the Belgrade authorities

K: My guess is that while we were clearing the ambush outside, the renegades within the Belgrade authorities grasped the details of the Statesec agent deployment and some mole leaked the details of our plan. The antics before were just a feint to get us to lower our guard.

Commander: I can't believe you can say all that so calmly.

K: I'm forcing it out through gritted teeth here.

K: Everything that happened previously went in our favor, but it was only to make us think that the situation was still under control.

K: They let the first wave be wiped out easily so we would think the second wave was their main force.

K: But the fact is that everyone before this was nothing but cannon fodder, and the enemies with real strength are actually in this third wave of attack, and they were planning to unleash the most extreme devastation from the beginning...

Commander: What on earth is their objective?

Commander: If they've gone this far, it can't just be to disrupt the talks, right?!

K: They do have an objective, but I didn't expect them to be willing to sacrifice an entire city for it...

Commander: And you can't talk about this objective, right? I'm guessing their aim has something to do with what Ange is doing.

K: I won't deny that, given the circumstances. She's probably in danger too; I've lost contact with her as well.

K: We need to establish a safe zone so she'll at least have somewhere to fall back to if she moves deeper into the city.

Commander: I'll do my best. We'll need the HOCs going forward, so I need permission to deploy them.

K: Permission granted. I'll be counting on you, Commander.

...

After nightfall in the city, in a certain darkened alleyway

AR-15 sits quietly in a blind spot of the surveillance cameras. The light from the city outside filters into the alley and reaches her eyes.

Even when she hears footsteps, she does not look back. Instead—

AN-94: If you point your gun at me, I might return fire by reflex.

ST AR-15: In that case, don't just pop up from behind me.

AR-15 puts her gun away, but just as she is about to stand up, AN-94 falls to one knee before her.

This is not a gesture of loyalty, simply a way of facilitating what will happen next. AR-15 knows that very well, so she directs her eyes to the heavy backpack she has just taken off.

AN-94: I've brought your gear and batteries. There may be a very long fight ahead of us and Ange doesn't want us to waste precious time on running back and forth to resupply.

ST AR-15: How did you get here?

AN-94: Through the sewers. AK-12 found a map of the city's sewers during the last operation, so she handed it to me. There are some places that are quite handy to set up camp in secret.

AN-94: However, the map's not too complete, and there are some suspicious sources of jamming which you should avoid. After filtering them out, we only have a couple of routes that we can take.

ST AR-15: It'd be weird if there weren't any sources of jamming with that white bunch around.

ST AR-15: Let's see what you brought...

ST AR-15: Ammo...and lots of it, enough for two people. A signal filtering kit, a biothermal analyzer...and what's this crowbar doing here?

AN-94: AK-12 told me to bring it, she said it might come in useful. Also, this is your radio, it's been encrypted.

ST AR-15: Thank you...and what is this?

AR-15 holds up a book that was lying at the bottom of the tactical bag.

AN-94: It's the Holy Bible.

ST AR-15: And did AK-12 ask you to bring that as well?

AN-94: Da. She said it could be useful before your operation.

ST AR-15: As if that could be...

ST AR-15: ...I see, there was a slottable chip with preloaded apps on it.

AN-94: Since you're unable to connect to the Zener Network, the chip should be able to help you update your essential functions.

ST AR-15: ...Thank you for your thoughtfulness.

AN-94: AK-12 prepared it. If you want to thank anyone, then thank her.

ST AR-15: You keep going on about AK-12, how deeply in love with her are you anyway?

AN-94: It's not love...

AN-94: Ever since I was rolled out, I was designed to accompany and protect her. It is my purpose in life, the guidepost for the actions I take, my fate and my destiny. I believe that should be an accurate description.

ST AR-15: You're almost making me sick.

AN-94: From your combat records, you weren't much different from me in terms of what you did for M4.

ST AR-15: That was because of that damn core order...

ST AR-15: But M4 means nothing to me now.

ST AR-15: You, on the other hand, sound like how the believers describe their God in that Bible.

ST AR-15: It's pathological.

AN-94: Have you read the Bible before?

ST AR-15: My database contains some elementary knowledge on it, along with information about human religions and lifestyle.

ST AR-15: ...Humans worship their God, and in return they hope God will save them.

AN-94: Then...do you believe in God?

ST AR-15: Why would a Doll need to believe in God? Don't tell me your neural cloud's so fragile that you need God to comfort you and fill the hole in your life?

AN-94: I was simply mentioning a possibility, but each and every time you refuse to give me a proper answer.

ST AR-15: Humph...

ST AR-15: If I really believed in a god, then my god would be Persica.

ST AR-15: Do you honestly think I would feel anything like reverence for a "god" who gave me such a miserable fate?

AN-94: To Dolls, everything has already been planned out. Our gods are our creators and our creators' orders are absolute, just like how humans can't question their gods.

ST AR-15: What a boring answer.

AN-94: However, unlike how humans are shackled by destiny, we are unbound, except by the orders of our gods.

AN-94: That is why we are called "DEFY".

AN-94: We cannot escape the choices of our gods, but I can make choices of my own outside that.

AN-94: And my choice is that no matter what AK-12 expects of me, I will do as she wishes.

ST AR-15: ...Even if it means you will struggle without hope for the sweet release of death?

AN-94: Unlike you, we don't have the concept of death.

AN-94: The purpose for our existence is to complete our tasks and support a certain someone.

ST AR-15: ...I've had it.

ST AR-15: Pretend I never brought this up.

AN-94: Have I upset you?

ST AR-15: No.

AN-94: ...

AN-94: It seems I've upset you.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: I don't really understand why Ange arranged for us to be in the same team.

ST AR-15: Looks like we won't be great conversational partners. In that case, let's focus our attention on how to carry out our upcoming mission.

AN-94: Yes, the mission is the highest priority.

AN-94: Your energy accumulators should be fully charged now, so we can begin the operation after your body calibrator gives you the green light.

ST AR-15: Roger.

ST AR-15: I'll handle the outskirts, you take care of the city districts. We'll split up and move separately.

ST AR-15: "If you spot those white bastards, don't carelessly exchange fire."

AN-94: "Verify their location; the top priority is to see if they're linked to the 'Node'."

ST AR-15: Orders verified. 5 seconds remaining. 3, 2, 1, — move out!

...

AN-94 slowly forges ahead through the city streets, in the bustling heart of the commercial district.

Hailing AR-15, please respond.

ST AR-15: Received. I'm entering a region with high signal density as planned. How are things on your end?

AN-94: Carrying out passive scanning as planned.

AN-94: Other than your region, there are 43 new locations with suspicious signals, and 18 of them are confirmed to be using White Faction wavelengths. I can't accurately pinpoint the others. Do I need to increase scanner power?

ST AR-15: No need. Ange said that someone else will handle the small fries. We mustn't run the risk of exposure.

ST AR-15: Focus on finding the clues to the "Node". We need to filter through to the high-value targets ASAP.

AN-94: Understood. I'm currently eavesdropping on all the verified units. No extra news for the time being.

AN-94: Although...the strange thing is that I've discovered signal wavelengths similar to S.F.'s.

ST AR-15: S.F.?

ST AR-15: What's S.F. doing here?!

AN-94: Similar to S.F. It only appeared for a moment and I thought I had been mistaken...but they were very similar, to the point where one could conclude that there were S.F. Dolls in the city.

ST AR-15: ...Why would S.F. come to Belgrade...

ST AR-15: In that case, will she come here too...

AN-94: AR-15...our main objective is not those S.F. Dolls.

AN-94: We should make completing our mission our top priority.

ST AR-15: But...

ST AR-15: ...You're right, we don't have much time.

ST AR-15: Make a note of the signal source, we can talk about the rest after the mission is complete.

AN-94: Alright, I've marked the location.

ST AR-15: Let's not worry about that for now.

ST AR-15: Now then...

ST AR-15: ...I've reached the target sector.

ST AR-15: This is...a military camp?

...

The soldier on sentry duty looks around, and just as he turns back, a shadow silently leaps over the wall surrounding the camp.

ST AR-15: AN-94, can you hear me?

AN-94: Received. How are things?

ST AR-15: I'm already inside the military base. As I expected, the signal markers here are very obvious... A very amateurish way of hiding a signal. I was even a little worried that this was a trap.

AN-94: So are you going to leave?

ST AR-15: It's not the first time I've known it was a trap and walked into it anyway. More importantly, I can't just come away from this empty-handed.

ST AR-15: Help me set up a secure channel, I need to contact Ange.

AN-94: Must you use the radio? No matter how much you encrypt them, old signal patterns like that are easily intercepted. It's not like we can't unlock your Zener Protocol...

ST AR-15: I don't want to hear that voice again. Could you cut the chit-chat?

AN-94: As you wish.

AN-94: Secure channel established. I'll maintain it for 60 seconds.

AN-94: Hailing Ange, please come in.

Angelia: Received. How's progress?

ST AR-15: This is AR-15.

ST AR-15: I'm investigating the first cluster of white signals. This is a garrison camp, but not a large one.

ST AR-15: It's very likely that the military district is linked to the "Node", so I'll be sneaking in to scout the place.

ST AR-15: I can verify the position of the signal here for the most part. Will any demolition be required?

Angelia: Don't be hasty.

Angelia: Others will handle the task of eliminating the infiltrators. All you need to do is send all the positional data you've collected to me.

Angelia: Conduct a full reconnaissance on the entire camp. My instincts tell me there's a big fish there.

ST AR-15: I don't get it.

ST AR-15: How important is the "Node"?

ST AR-15: Is it really alright to leave the enemies hiding here alone, even if they might end up hurting or killing the humans in this city?

Angelia: The mission I gave you was to find clues related to the "Node", not protect civilians.

Angelia: You're not a PMC employee anymore, AR-15.

ST AR-15: ...Understood.

ST AR-15: AN-94's also found some white signal clusters apart from this camp. There are even S.F. signals in the city.

Angelia: Is that so...

Angelia: 94, what's the exact number of signals you've screened?

AN-94: 52, and nine more signal sources appeared in the past 30 minutes.

Angelia: It makes no sense that so much trash could burrow in here and not be detected.

Angelia: Even if their "Baptized" are here, hiding so many entities at once is very difficult.

ST AR-15: According to my investigations, they're not bothering to hide themselves at all.

Angelia: That would mean...there's a problem with the immune system.

Angelia: So having white signals in a garrison is a perfectly reasonable answer.

ST AR-15: However powerful the White Faction might be, I doubt it extends to making the local army do their bidding...

ST AR-15: From what I know, this country has maintained absolute neutrality.

Angelia: I don't think it's possible that the army would obey the White Faction's commands either.

Angelia: Maintaining one's neutrality in a dangerous situation requires stringently-selected troops and great political skill.

Angelia: But leaves only fall after the roots have rotted.

ST AR-15: So they've been compromised from the inside, then...

ST AR-15: I understand.

AN-94: The secure channel is going to expire soon.

Angelia: Continue monitoring the situation until new information comes up. I look forward to hearing good news from you.

ST AR-15: Ange cut off the transmission.

ST AR-15: (Sighs) What a troublesome mission. AN-94, I'll remain hidden in this camp to observe the situation. I need you to keep an eye on the camp's other exit.

AN-94: Meow...

ST AR-15: Meow?

AN-94: Oh, it's nothing. I see the coordinates you sent. I'll be there in half an hour. AN-94 out.

AN-94 shuts off her comms.

A soft sensation rises up from her leg and one of the stray cats wandering through the park attempts to jump onto AN-94's thigh.

AN-94 bends down to lift the cat up onto her lap and gently caresses its soft fur.

???: An adorable creature, is it not?

AN-94: ??

???: Who would realize that cats are actually terrifying predators when they're being all cute and cuddly?

AN-94: You are?

???: Sorry, my apologies. I'm a local resident and I often come by to feed the cats, so please don't mind me.

The girl scatters some cat food on the ground, and the cat that was seated on AN-94's lap immediately jumps down.

???: Then, it's about time to take my leave as well.

AN-94 stands and prepares to leave.

As she passes the girl, the girl muses aloud...

???: Are you also like that? A cute and cuddly predator?

AN-94: !!

AN-94 looks back in shock, but the girl is already gone.

And there is no trace of the cat food or the kitty on the ground.
Part 2

2

Three hours flew by, and the sun has sank completely beneath the horizon.

Outside the military camp, below a certain unassuming manhole cover.

AN-94: AR-15, I'm at the designated location.

ST AR-15: Why did you take so long...

AN-94: I might have... Nyet, it's nothing. I took a detour because I didn't want to be followed.

ST AR-15: Hm?

ST AR-15: Well, whatever. All that matters is that you came.

ST AR-15: ...I've been keeping watch for three hours now, and neither the signal source inside the base nor the military forces here have made any abnormal moves.

AN-94: This might just be a backup unit. If only we could hack the systems here and conduct electronic surveillance...

AN-94: I'm sorry, if AK-12 was here instead, she'd probably be able to do a better job.

ST AR-15: Don't say that sort of thing.

ST AR-15: ...I'll sneak in again once it's dark. Help me keep an eye on the movement of personnel in and out of the base.

AN-94: Understood.

AN-94: Wait...!

ST AR-15: Hm? What's wrong?

AN-94: Something doesn't feel right...

ST AR-15: Something doesn't feel right? Let me do a scan... A vehicle has started up, it's a jeep. But it's not emitting any signals with White Faction characteristics.

AN-94: Nyet... that can't be it. There's something wrong with that vehicle, we have to catch up to it right now!

ST AR-15: W-Wait... Aren't you going to discuss this with Ange first?!

ST AR-15: 94! AN-94! I can't believe she just ran out on her own like that!

AR-15 has no choice but to abandon her hiding place to chase after AN-94.

ST AR-15: Dammit!

ST AR-15: Ange, do you read me?

Angelia: I read you. What's the matter, why are you broadcasting in clear?

ST AR-15: AN-94 ran off by herself to chase a military vehicle, I can't establish a secure channel by myself!

ST AR-15: Something's wrong with her, I'm doing my best to catch up with her in case something happens!

Angelia: So we've sighted the big one at last.

ST AR-15: The big one?

Angelia: 94's instincts have always been very accurate. There must be some important clue on that vehicle.

Angelia: If she's chasing it in such a hurry, then it's very likely that the vehicle's headed straight to the base where the "Node" is being kept.

ST AR-15: That doesn't mean she had to run off on her own... I'll catch up and follow the vehicle with her.

ST AR-15: If we do find the "Node", should we destroy it immediately?

ST AR-15: What on earth could it be...?

Angelia: You don't need to know. The moment you find something like it, wait for my order and destroy it on the spot.

ST AR-15: ...Understood.

ST AR-15: This channel isn't secure. I'll find some way to contact you after I catch up with AN-94.

Angelia: Acknowledged.

Angelia: I'll be waiting for the two of you to contact me again, AR-15.
Part 3

3

The jeep comes to a halt outside a set of ruins.

AN-94: The target has ceased their advance.

AN-94: Someone's getting down from the vehicle... they have black hair... and black clothes.

AN-94: ...That's her... That's the girl who was feeding the cat.

AN-94: Is she a Nyto... is she one of the White Faction's Baptized...

AN-94: But why doesn't she transmit any of the characteristic signals? It's as though... she's a normal human being...

The girl looks in AN-94's direction, and AN-94 scrambles frantically behind a rock.

AN-94: Did she see me? But that's impossible... I'm a full three kilometers away from her...

There is a noise behind AN-94, and she hurriedly turns and raises her gun.

AN-94: I remember you warned me not to approach from behind your back.

ST AR-15: ...And who was the one who suddenly ran out on her own?

ST AR-15: How are things?

AN-94: The target's in front of the ruins three kilometers ahead.

ST AR-15: Three kilometers... Let me see... There are no suspicious signals coming from over there, no?

AN-94: But I know there's a Nyto over there.

AN-94: Before I regrouped with you at the military camp, she launched an electronic attack on my Level II.

AN-94: So I remember how she feels.

ST AR-15: You were hacked?!

ST AR-15: Why didn't you say anything just now?

AN-94: I didn't know if I should bring it up or not...

AN-94: I spent a long time checking myself over and over again, but she didn't leave any backdoors in my neural cloud.

AN-94: It was a provocation... She felt she didn't need to resort to that sort of thing with me...

ST AR-15: But your neural cloud defenses are military-grade, right...?

ST AR-15: How on earth did she do it...?

AN-94: That's not important. What matters is that afterwards, I'll make her regret not doing so while she had the chance.

ST AR-15: It's rare to see you angry.

AN-94: ...

ST AR-15: Want to move closer?

AN-94: I'm not sure about the range of her hacking attacks, so it's best not to approach rashly.

ST AR-15: Makes sense, we need to be cautious.

ST AR-15: Can you hear their conversation?

AN-94: I'm bringing a directional microphone over.

AN-94: ...I'll share what I find with you.

ST AR-15: While you can't really tell from her expression... AN-94 is most definitely furious. She may actually be quite different from what I imagined.

Officer: We're here, this is the place.

???: Ah, is this the humans' safe house?

???: It feels like it has several hundred years of history behind it.

Officer: Yes, this place predates the foundation of our government by a long shot.

Officer: There's no safer place than this when it comes to defenses, and no other place has more ritual significance than here.

???: No wonder fairy tales always happen in places like this.

???: "I offer you that kernel of myself that I have saved, somehow - the central heart that deals not in words, traffics not with dreams, and is untouched by time, by joy, by adversities."

Officer: I didn't know you were one for poetry.

???: Don't you think it's appropriate?

Officer: Unfortunately, my job isn't poetic in the slightest. This way please, Miss Mercurows.

The jeep door closes, and the girl enters the fortress interior at the officer's urging.

ST AR-15: Mercurows... what kind of weird name is that?

ST AR-15: Do Nytos not call themselves Nyto now?

AN-94: She's not quite like the Nytos I've seen before...

AN-94: It might be best not to rely too much on past experiences with other Nytos when dealing with her.

ST AR-15: Tsk...

ST AR-15: The walls are too thick, I can't hear their voices.

AN-94: It's a stone wall. Cuts down heavily on audio penetration.

AN-94: This place was once called Belgrade Fortress. It was preserved in 1979 as a Cultural Monument of Exceptional Importance by the nation.

AN-94: In the 3rd century BC it served the Celts as a defensive fortification, and its main structure was erected in the 17th century. It is a symbol of glory and stability to the people of this nation.

ST AR-15: I didn't know you were so well-versed in history.

AN-94: AK-12 is a very curious one, so I prepared ample material to answer all kinds of questions.

AN-94: While I'm partnered with you this time, having more backup plans means having more solutions to choose from.

AN-94: In addition to the above, I downloaded the anthropological information for the region.

ST AR-15: Aren't we well-prepared.

ST AR-15: There's no point lingering here. Since they've already entered the fortress, let's get a little closer and take a look.

Several minutes later, AR-15 and AN-94 quietly sneak into the fortress.

ST AR-15: This Nyto... no, Mercurows seems a little different from the ones we encountered before...

ST AR-15: I can't believe she went out of her way to make contact with you. Isn't that being too showy?

AN-94: I don't have too much experience with personalities.

AN-94: From my observations of her up to this point, she's definitely more frank and open than AK-12, but at the same time, she's also harder to predict.

ST AR-15: Don't keep using AK-12 as a yardstick for everything.

ST AR-15: Don't you have any other standards you can use for making decisions?

AN-94: There's Ange. But Ange's human, so you can't really use her as a basis for comparison...

ST AR-15: Ugh... that's enough... we'll end that topic here.

ST AR-15: I didn't think there'd be so many passages under this old fortress... Which path leads where, anyway...

AN-94: The hidden underground tunnels were dug to facilitate the secret deployment of troops by royalty or to assist in their own escape. The paths here are very complex; take care that you don't get lost.

ST AR-15: Hidden tunnels, huh... Sounds like it would be very suitable for something leading to an object that needs to be hidden. That works for me.

ST AR-15: Ange was right about you; your instincts are indeed very keen.

ST AR-15: Can you determine Mercurows' position?

AN-94: She's not emitting any signals. I'll try to pinpoint her location through sound.

ST AR-15: She has her mooks who shouldn't be broadcasting signals march proudly through the city, but a Baptized who ought to be emitting signals doesn't even return an echo...

ST AR-15: How is she going to lead her people if she doesn't link up with them?

AN-94: I don't quite get it myself... Shh, they've started talking again.

AN-94 continues listening to the conversation taking place far within the depths of the tunnels.

Mercurows: How surprising.

Mercurows: I thought we'd need to discuss things for longer before reaching an accord. I didn't expect us to understand each other so quickly.

Officer: My followers and I are of one mind, and we're prepared to cooperate with the outside world.

Mercurows: Because the present situation isn't looking too good for you?

Mercurows: Like someone who stares overlong at the crescent moon and mislikes the light from other sources?

Officer: Like I told you before, we're not a poetic bunch. But I understand your meaning.

Officer: You're right. We don't want wicked thinking to enter our cities and pollute our people.

Mercurows: New light brings new ways of looking at things. What's so bad about that?

Mercurows: We bring a new light of our own, don't we, Mr. Officer?

Officer: It's not the same.

Officer: That so-called Rossartrism is a complete and utter farce.

Officer: While our fellow men were sleeping in the open wilds, eating nothing but the wind, those people could only think of how to build higher walls!

Officer: We will never forget, we will never forgive, and we will most definitely never compromise.

Officer: Those days of being deceived by a false peace are over. Even if the ones being deceived are our brothers, we hold the obligation to wake them up with our own hands, no matter whether we have to pay a price in blood!

Mercurows: Hm, their blood.

Mercurows: Well said. I applaud your determination.

Mercurows: Let us wake them all up then, with the blistering fires of war!

After filtering out the sound of footsteps, AR-15 carefully analyzes the audio signal she is receiving.

...Shortly afterwards.

Mercurows: I'm not imagining things, am I? It seems the surface on which we've been walking has been sloping downwards since not too long ago, Mr. Officer.

Mercurows: Our objective...the "Pike Node" should be located within the permanently-sealed nuclear bunker below, is it not?

Officer: In keeping with the anti-Relic treaties of the time, all such facilities were sealed away forever.

Mercurows: Hmm, I see.

Mercurows: A once-buried secret sits alone beneath the earth, awaiting a hero to venture forth and excavate it. It does seem a little romantic when you think of it that way.

Officer: There's no safer defensive measure than keeping it underground.

Officer: With just a little work, the land itself can become the sturdiest bulwark of mankind.

Mercurows: Well said. It is both protector and home to everything.

Mercurows: That really is quite poetic when you think about it... You said your job didn't lend itself to poetry, but now it seems that isn't the case at all.

Officer: Ahem, pardon me then. I ended up being influenced by you without realizing it.

Officer: Come, walk this way, please.

Officer: Below this is our...

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: It cut off.

AN-94: Why? They shouldn't have reached the maximum distance yet.

AN-94: ...I can't hear anything either.

AN-94: Did they enter a jamming zone?

AN-94: Or perhaps they've already discovered us...

AN-94: But if they've found out we were eavesdropping on them, then we ought to be surrounded by now.

ST AR-15: I haven't detected signals from any units, and I haven't heard anything out of place.

ST AR-15: ...Since it's not an encirclement, let's head a little further inside.

Now that their eavesdropping has been suddenly cut off, AR-15 and AN-94 have no choice but to continue forward.

ST AR-15: Just a little further ahead... a little more and I'll be able to see it clearly...

...

ST AR-15: So there was a barrier door up ahead. They went through it.

AN-94: This fortress has been through hundreds of battles and the fact that it's still standing is all thanks to its refurbishments over the generations. It makes perfect sense that they'd have installed state-of-the-art soundproofed doors like this. Given the markings, it seems it's a new model of safety door, manufactured less than 2 years ago.

AN-94: We must have filtered out the sound it made while opening as background noise.

ST AR-15: I think so too.

ST AR-15: There don't seem to be any other sentries, so let's catch up with them.

AN-94: Da.

They quietly open the barrier door, but soon they are faced with a fork in the road. They exchange a look.

ST AR-15: ...

AN-94: ...

AN-94: Let's not split up.

ST AR-15: The light here is pretty dim, and I don't see any cameras... Looks like they kept this place the way it was since the old days.

ST AR-15: Can you analyze the surroundings and tell which way they went?

AN-94: This place is too tightly sealed... The sensors and directional mics aren't picking up anything...

AN-94: ...

ST AR-15: Is that so...? Then you pick a path.

AN-94: In that case, let's go left.

ST AR-15: I hope your instincts are on the mark.

ST AR-15: We'll maintain bounding overwatch and advance cautiously.

AN-94: Understood.

10 minutes later, the two Dolls once again stand in a place that seems identical to where they were just now.

ST AR-15: Did we double back?

ST AR-15: This place is just like a maze!

AN-94: The passages here are built at special angles to confuse one's sense of direction. The people of the past probably designed it this way to prevent the enemy from launching a surprise attack through the hidden tunnels.

ST AR-15: Tsk... Couldn't they have applied their efforts somewhere else...?

ST AR-15: Let's try the path on the right. I've already recorded our route just now into my neural cloud. We won't retrace our footsteps.

ST AR-15: We have to find that Mercurows and...

AN-94: AR-15, I think we've gone too deep. Even if we find and destroy our objective, just securing a route of retreat will be extremely difficult for us, especially since there'll definitely be pursuers by then. I think our best course of action is to reach a place where we can send and receive transmissions, contact Ange, and receive orders as to our next step.

ST AR-15: Since we know the "Node" is below us, how can we go back empty-handed?

ST AR-15: Leaving aside what that Mercurows came here for, we might not get the chance to enter the inside of the fortress again, even if we do nothing.

ST AR-15: ...Or do you have another way?

AN-94: I don't intend to argue with you, AR-15.

AN-94: But...

...A dull sound interrupts their dispute. Surprised, both Dolls unconsciously look behind themselves.

ST AR-15: ...Was that...

ST AR-15: The barrier door?

AN-94: The barrier door... is locked.

ST AR-15: Then do you have a way to open the door?

AN-94: AK-12 might.

ST AR-15: In other words, you can't do it.

AN-94: Can you?

ST AR-15: I can't either...

AR-15 rounds her shoulders and sighs deeply. AN-94 watches her in silence.

AN-94: So what should we do after this, AR-15?

AN-94: You should have enough explosives on you to blast the door open.

ST AR-15: ...I was saving that to blow up the "Node". Forget it... let's keep heading down...

ST AR-15: That's... the only path for us now.
Part 4

4

Within the underground passage, the only sounds that could be heard was that of light footsteps and fabric rubbing against itself.

AN-94: Can you keep up, AR-15?

AN-94: I can sense your pace slowing down. Is something the matter?

ST AR-15: No, it's just that this place is getting darker and darker... I'm adjusting my night vision optics' parameters...

AN-94: Understood. I'll slow down and wait for you.

AN-94: Still, AR-15... have you noticed?

AN-94: The passage here is different from the outside.

ST AR-15: Is it a matter of the construction materials?

ST AR-15: It just feels a little different to the touch.

AN-94: This sector ought to be nothing but ancient architecture. It shouldn't be renovated, unlike the outside.

AN-94: It's very likely that this deeper portion might have been preserved as a relic, and I found a lot of hidden doors that are only big enough to admit one person...

AN-94: I've already recorded the positions of those hidden doors we passed. We might be able to use them in our retreat.

ST AR-15: I've been making a note of them myself. According to the parts of the map that we've already explored, it's very likely that these hidden doors are all interlinked, forming a network of secret passages.

ST AR-15: When you think about it, this place isn't just a maze, it's practically an anthill... Are you sure those passages won't collapse on us?

AN-94: They won't. They may be old, but their construction is solid. They were built using techniques we hardly see nowadays.

AN-94: I can't see any reason why they would collapse, barring an earthquake or a large explosion from below.

ST AR-15: ...Alright then, let's hope so.

ST AR-15: Hopefully things won't get so bad that we'll have to duck into these filthy hidden passages.
Part 5

    5chevron_right

In the end, after walking down countless forks in the road, the two Dolls finally see a bright light that's different from the illumination in the tunnels.

AN-94: I'm picking up sound... It's the two from just now.

AN-94: AR-15, we've caught up with them!

ST AR-15: Roger, then let's get closer... Be careful, there's a light up ahead shining toward us.

After passing through a narrow stone door, the area before them becomes much more spacious. The two of them immediately dart into the shadows and carefully observe their surroundings.

Compared to the ancient tunnels from before, this location is clearly a modern military facility.

ST AR-15: ...Is this a supply depot? I have to hand it to the people here, building a base under a heritage site.

AN-94: Old ruins usually end up spared no matter how brutal the fighting gets, so a base like this would be perfect for storing something away so others don't see it.

ST AR-15: A permanent nuclear bunker, huh... The "Node" sure is getting the luxury treatment.

AN-94: Shh... they're talking again.

Mercurows: Are we here at last? We've been doing a lot of walking.

Mercurows: Still, you were taking the long way just now, weren't you?

Mercurows: You clearly had several chances to come here directly.

Officer: We chose unmarked paths for secrecy's sake.

Officer: These paths have existed for much longer and they haven't been recorded on maps.

Mercurows: So that's how it is. You sure have put a lot of thought into this, Mr. Officer.

Mercurows: Thank you for your hard work!

Officer: You give us too much credit. Now then, we've brought you to the place where the Pike Node is stored.

Officer: As mentioned before, you can only remain for 10 minutes or so. Then we'll need to leave this place so that the next shift doesn't notice we've been here.

Mercurows: Okayyy!

Mercurows: Then, are you going to open the door now?

Mercurows: If the Pike Node bunker is behind the door, I'd like to see it soon.

Officer: It is as you say, the Pike Node is right behind this door.

Officer: But we don't have the codes for it. The protocol level is extremely high, and this base originally belonged to the former Soviet Army. I believe not even the Belgrade authorities are authorized to open this door.

Mercurows: So you brought me all the way here but you still can't let me see inside?

Officer: I'm sorry, but we can't.

Officer: We were simply showing our sincerity regarding our intentions to cooperate, just like you did.

Mercurows: Oh, that's fine, I can understand why you did it.

Mercurows: "I offer you explanations of yourself, theories about yourself, authentic and surprising news of yourself."

Mercurows: In terms of sincerity, what you've shown is certainly enough!

Officer: While I don't quite get what your verse is trying to convey, it's good that you can understand us.

Officer: Now then, what about the things you promised us? Can we take them?

Mercurows: Of course. Certainly. We will give you everything that we promised.

Mercurows: You've finished your mission, and I, "I can give you my loneliness, my darkness, the hunger of my heart..."

Mercurows: Can I hold you with that?

Officer: ...What are you saying?

Mercurows: A display of confusion, of danger, of failure. A display of weakness such as this, a display of death.

Mercurows: Both the one who shows it and the one who beholds it derive joy from these actions.

Officer: You...

Mercurows: Thank you for your hard work. Now, why don't you show me that look on your face.

A pair of black tentacles snake out past Mercurow's hands and lift the officer high above her head.

Mercurows: Ah, are you already unable to speak?

Mercurows: That's fine, you probably can't feel pain right now either!

Mercurows: Stay here forever, for your work is done.

Mercurows takes a step back and lifts the hem of her skirt in a curtsy to the already-dead officer.

Mercurows: Thank you. If not for your efforts in leading me here, who knows how much work I would have to do to find this place?

Mercurows: Now become a signpost here, an eternal memorial to your final journey.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: The officer's vital signs vanished... She killed that human...

AN-94: ...

AN-94 says nothing, but her grip tightens around her gun.

Mercurows: Hahaha, hahahaha!

Mercurows: This performance was a marvellous one too!

Mercurows: As the first time taking a bow since gaining a name of my own, I give this scene a nine out of ten!

Mercurows: You Dolls hiding over there, what do you think?

Mercurows: Come, step forward and dance with me!

ST AR-15: ...

Mercurows: There's no need to keep hiding, AR-15 and AN-94 of DEFY!

Mercurows: I only just realized, but the truth is you've been following me all this while, haven't you?

Mercurows: Like a dreamcatcher chasing the moon, futilely and fruitlessly gathering its light!

AN-94: What on earth is she saying...

Mercurows: The earth is a fortress, a keeper of secrets, the final resting place for everything.

Mercurows: Worthless things can only rot beneath its surface.

Mercurows: Just as a sleeping princess awaits her prince's kiss,

Mercurows: "If I am not the one who is awaited, then could it be you?"

ST AR-15: Don't move carelessly, she's faking—

Mercurows' tentacles lash out at AR-15's location with lightning speed, but AR-15 evades them a split second before they strike her directly, though the tentacles leave a faint scratch on her face.

AN-94: AR-15!

ST AR-15: I'm fine!

ST AR-15: What the hell...? The instant she touched me... it was as though something was LICKING my neural cloud...

AN-94: That's... exactly how I felt before... Was it a forced intrusion?!

Mercurows: Ah... so that's how it is...

Mercurows: So you're not the true prince after all.

Mercurows: I thought you sealed the interfaces to your neural cloud in order to keep something precious secret.

Mercurows: You really are clueless about everything, carrying out a pointless mission while being deceived.

Mercurows: It really is sad, both for you and that cat-loving Doll.

AN-94: AR-15, I'm picking up a large mass of white signals approaching us!

Mercurows: Boring... how boring...

Mercurows: Nimogen, there's no need to hold back anymore, let's dance!

Mercurows: It's just as Father said, lowly dust will never be able to rival the sparkling constellations!

Mercurows raises her right hand and points at the two members of DEFY.

Mercurows: "Because this inevitable reality of steel and dirt must pierce through the indifference of the sleepers and the deceased — even if they hide in the midst of ruin and the age."

ST AR-15: AN-94, we need to fall back...

Mercurows: —Die with gratitude in your hearts. "Shut your eyes for me and bring the dawn!"

ST AR-15: NOW!

...Alright, the time for chit-chat is over.

Angelia: Let's get started with what we ought to be doing.

Angelia: AK-12, what's the status of the quarantine wall?

AK-12: There are five points about three kilometers beyond the wall where infected creatures are gathering. The reason for that is unknown.

AK-12: According to visual inspection, those infected creatures don't seem to be in a stable condition. The garrison troops near the walls have not yet taken action.

AK-12: Also, according to the latest weather forecast, there might be stormy weather afterwards, which will lead to a big spike in the nearby radiation levels.

Angelia: A storm, huh... What terrible weather.

AK-12: The stormy weather might further agitate the Infected.

AK-12: If I were the officer in charge of the quarantine wall's security, now would be the time to disperse those monsters with firepower.

Angelia: That's impossible.

AK-12: Why?

AK-12: Isn't an important international conference about to take place in the city?

Angelia: The army will be cautious about using force precisely because of that.

Angelia: Besides, this place is no longer the nation's capital thanks to Collapse Fluid contamination. Just having sufficient forces to respond to emergencies is problematic in itself.

Angelia: Right now... Belgrade is nothing more than an ordinary city on the edge of a contaminated zone.

AK-12: So not many people are going to care about an abandoned capital?

Angelia: Exactly... Therefore there are fewer forces in reserve here. The various factions also have less strength here compared to other cities.

Angelia: I think that's the main reason why this place was chosen for this summit.

AK-12: Even if it comes with the risk of being attacked by infected creatures?

Angelia: Risk and reward come hand in hand.

Angelia: Besides... rather than the Infected, the other guys are what we should be focusing on.

AK-12: You mean the white ones?

Angelia: Yes... but not just them.

Ange looks down at the city below, and her expression grows severe.

Just then, a transmission comes in. She slowly raises a hand to accept it.

K: Statesec has arrived.

K: Griffin has also passed the test.

Angelia: I told you Griffin would be fine.

K: There will be more tests to come.

K: The Statesec agent teams will buy you time. I hope your efficiency doesn't disappoint them.

Angelia: Mm.

Ange hangs up.

This city is prosperous now, but how long will this prosperity last?

...

......

Team Defy continues surveying the situation near the wall from the vicinity of the memorial.

Ange finds AK-12 standing to the side of the memorial plaque. She seems to be inspecting something.

Angelia: What are you looking at, AK-12?

AK-12: I'm looking at this stone plaque.

AK-12: Why are there no names carved on it?

Angelia: ...Because a single plaque can't hold the names of everyone who needs to be remembered.

AK-12: So leaving it blank is a warning of sorts, then?

AK-12: Still, Ange, won't people come here?

Angelia: Why do you think that?

AK-12: Since it's a place used to remember one's deceased friends...surely people would come here frequently to pay homage to them, right?

Angelia: ...That is how it should have been.

Angelia: But this place has long since been forgotten by the people of the world.

AK-12: Forgotten?

Angelia: You must know, AK-12, that humans are forgetful creatures.

Angelia: For most people, it is only by forgetting part of the past that they can gain the courage to face the future.

Angelia: Unfortunately, this memorial plaque and the names it carries have already been placed into the category of things which need to be forgotten.

AK-12: So it's not just their names, but even the memorial plaque that commemorates them has been forgotten...

AK-12: It seems a little sad.

Angelia: They didn't die to earn your sympathy.

AK-12: "Your name is unknown, your deeds are immortal."

Angelia: Not everyone is willing to die for their country and what they believe in.

Angelia: Those people who sacrificed themselves for us ought to be remembered, no matter what reasons they had.

AK-12: You look like something's weighing on you. Is there something worrying you besides the mission?

Angelia: I was just being sentimental. Seeing this tombstone makes me think of a lot of my friends.

Angelia: Former friends.

Angelia: You should be able to understand that.

AK-12: Nyet... this is too difficult for a Doll to understand.

AK-12: Humans really are strange.

Angelia: Humph... you know, yet you pretend you don't.

Angelia: It seems we've drifted a little off-topic.

Angelia: In any case, this is now the most suitable location for us to hide and observe, so let's make good use of it.

AK-12: Since there's no need to worry about unexpected situations, why are we splitting our forces when we're only a single team to begin with?

Angelia: Their abilities are more than adequate for them to operate within the city, and we have other helpers there too.

Angelia: In comparison, I'm more worried about the purification towers and the quarantine wall. I need to keep my strongest force in reserve.

AK-12: Is she really your strongest? Isn't it because you felt she might be the most unpredictable factor?

Saying so, AK-12 directs her gaze toward M4A1, who is standing watch in the distance.

AK-12: It took us a long time to find her and AR-15, and we're still not clear what happened while they were gone.

Angelia: I believe that M4 will not be so easily shaken by the past.

AK-12: Leaving aside that long blank period, just that final battle with the Military would probably be enough to affect her.

AK-12: After all, that explosion engulfed the members of Griffin she once served with, and I can see how she blames herself even if she doesn't say it.

AK-12: Moreover, she ended up fighting one of the former members of the AR Team...

Angelia: Her kindness ended up being her undoing.

Angelia: I understand that kindness very well... but what can you protect with kindness alone?

Angelia: As long as you bear the weight of duty, you'll have to walk down this path in the end. You'll harm other people, and harm yourself even more.

AK-12: I don't doubt her... She performed adequately back then.

AK-12: I'm simply worried about whether she can continue fighting as a Tactical Doll.

Angelia: If you really are that worried about her, then why don't you go have a chat with her?

AK-12: Humph... I just knew you'd dump this troublesome crap on me.

...Near the nameless plaque.

M4 is carrying out her duty and standing watch nearby.

Just then, AK-12 walks over to her.

M4A1: Is something the matter?

AK-12: Oh, it's nothing. Just that you looked really bored, so I thought I ought to go show some care and concern for a teammate.

M4A1: I don't need your care or concern. Let's just do our jobs.

AK-12: You've become more distant ever since you came back.

AK-12: How does returning to the team feel, M4?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: I don't want to talk about this now.

AK-12: So?

AK-12: Seems you only like talking to yourself, is that it?

M4A1: What do you mean by that?

AK-12: I wonder...

M4A1: I'm not the sort of person who talks to themselves. It's just that right now... I'm not in the mood for idle chatter.

AK-12: Is it because you want to focus on your mission or because... your partner in conversation isn't the other you?

M4A1: ...

AK-12: Forget it, just stay this way.

AK-12: The more mysterious you become, the more amusing it is to observe you.

With that, AK-12 leaves M4's side.

M4A1: ...Did she... notice something?

You don't know how to hide it at all.

Even if you fake a poker face, others can see right into your heart.

M4A1: Shut up. I wouldn't even need to do this if not for you.

Clear Voice: I would have thought that we had a relationship of mutual trust after going through so much together.

M4A1: I have never trusted you. At the very most, we've just used each other.

Clear Voice: You wound me. I thought we were quite happy working together before.

M4A1: Tsk... I had no other choice but to do so at the time.

Clear Voice: There will be more and more situations where you will have no other choice as time goes by.

Clear Voice: Still, that's fine. At the very least, you've accepted my existence.

Clear Voice: My patience is boundless when it comes to dealing with you.

M4A1: I won't forget how you lied to me in the past. If you want to obtain what you want, then serve me obediently, OGAS.

The Voice of OGAS: We're both looking for the path back to ourselves, aren't we?

Let's walk hand in hand as we travel the road of recollection towards the truth, my sister.
Part 2

2

...Click.

...The transmission begins.

ST AR-15: That doesn't mean she had to run off on her own... I'll catch up and follow the vehicle with her.

ST AR-15: If we do find the "Node", should we destroy it immediately?

ST AR-15: What on earth could it be...?

Angelia: You don't need to know. The moment you find something like it, wait for my order and destroy it on the spot.

ST AR-15: ...Understood.

ST AR-15: This channel isn't secure. I'll find some way to contact you after I catch up with AN-94.

AK-12: Ange, something isn't quite right over here.

Angelia: Acknowledged.

Angelia: I'll be waiting for the two of you to contact me again, AR-15.

Ange ends her transmission with AR-15.

Angelia: What happened?

AK-12: Something's happening at the wall.

AK-12: You asked me to keep an eye on the local garrison units in addition to the infected creatures beyond the wall.

AK-12: According to my previous observations, they've been patrolling according to a fixed pattern.

AK-12: But just now, some of them broke off from their original patrol routes and began to assemble at the wall.

Angelia: Were they hacked by the enemy?

AK-12: Nyet...

AK-12: I didn't detect any external signals.

AK-12: The units that broke off are now using a new IFF signal in place of their original one. The signal characteristics...are that of the White Faction.

Angelia: "The leaves always wither after the roots rot."

Angelia: So it's not just within the city, but here too...

AK-12: Ange, what should we do now?

Angelia: You and M4 head over to the quarantine wall. Conduct recon and gather information there.

Angelia: We'll decide on our next move depending on the situation.

...Several minutes later.

AK-12 and M4A1 reach the wall district.

AK-12: Ange, we've got a mutiny here.

AK-12: The defenders inside the wall have split into two forces and are currently engaged in battle.

AK-12: I'm sending you the data on the situation.

Angelia: Got it, understood.

AK-12: Should we stay here and continue observing?

Angelia: ...No.

Angelia: AK-12, M4A1, the two of you will now assist the wall defenders in wiping out the rebel troops.

AK-12: Ange, are you sure? Using military force on foreign territory, even if it's to wipe out rebel troops...

Angelia: When did you start being so indecisive?

AK-12: Don't get mad... I just want to make sure if you really want us to carry out this order.

AK-12: You need to think about the consequences of doing so.

Angelia: Of course I know what the consequences are, AK-12.

AK-12: So we'll be pointing our guns at humans then, is that it?

Angelia: According to the information you sent, there aren't many humans among the rebels. The bulk of their fighting strength is made up of automaton units and mechs.

Angelia: Destroy their automatons, wreck their mechs, ease the pressure on the defenders... That's all you need to do. It'll be enough.

Angelia: Of course, if you have no choice, then you need to be prepared to open fire on human beings.

M4A1: Ange, while I don't mean to second-guess your orders, is it really wise to intervene in a firefight that's unrelated to the mission?

M4A1: Isn't our aim to find and destroy the Pike Node?

Angelia: This is most definitely not "unrelated to the mission", M4.

Angelia: What the rebels and the White Faction are doing is definitely linked to the Pike Node.

M4A1: Why do you think so?

Angelia: That's because the same thing is happening on the other side of the city.

M4A1: The peace conference, huh... You think this is a coordinated attack by the White Faction?

M4A1: Even so, it doesn't prove that this conflict is more important than finding the Pike Node...

Angelia: Waiting until you have "completely confirmed" information before acting invariably leads to regrettable consequences.

Angelia: You should understand that better than me.

M4A1: But...

Angelia: M4, why are you so fixated on the Pike Node?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: I just want to complete the mission.

AK-12: Although I'm inclined to agree with M4's opinion...

AK-12: It can't be helped. Whatever you say, goes.

Angelia: Since you understand, hurry up and get moving.

AK-12: In that case...

AK-12: Task Force DEFY will begin a new operation.

...Several minutes after Task Force DEFY joins the battle.

...A transmission comes through.

AK-12: Eh, at a time like this...

Angelia: Sounds like you've already started fighting.

AK-12: We're wiping out a few defensive automatons while approaching the location where the defenders and rebels are exchanging fire.

AK-12: Ange, if you're contacting us now... I trust it isn't good news, is it?

Angelia: Correct.

Angelia: The storm's begun, and it's driving the infected creatures closer to the wall.

AK-12: Ugh... That'll make things difficult.

AK-12: Given the situation at the wall now...it looks like they won't be able to defend it at full strength.

Angelia: Worse still, the storm will intensify the speed of infection... Belgrade's defenders may end up facing several times the number of Infected they were expecting.

Angelia: You need to move faster before the situation becomes irrecoverable!

Angelia: There really isn't much time left!

...In a passage within the quarantine wall.

AK-12: There really are a lot of autonomous units here...

M4A1: It's understandable for them to be present in such numbers in order to make up for the shortfall of soldiers.

AK-12: Still, they're making our job more troublesome.

AK-12: Perhaps we should explain ourselves to the defenders to clear up their suspicions about us. That'll facilitate our future actions greatly.

M4A1: ...I disagree.

M4A1: We can't reveal DEFY's existence so easily.

AK-12: But if the situation remains as it is, our mission will incur additional risk.

M4A1: Let me think, there must be some other way...

AK-12: Some other way? Now I'm kind of looking forward to it.

AK-12: Still, you'd better come up with it quickly... Time is running out for us.
Part 3

3

M4 and AK-12 steadily move deeper into the region where the defenders and the rebels are fighting.

AK-12: We've nearly cleared out the units in the sector around the lowest levels.

AK-12: We're going to head up. After this, we'll be making direct contact with human rebels.

AK-12: M4, are you ready?

M4A1: ...Wait a moment.

AK-12: What's the matter?

AK-12 walks over to M4's side and finds that she is inspecting a human collapsed by the wall.

AK-12: This man's one of the wall's defenders. Huh, seems to be an officer, too.

AK-12: As a human, he must have had a hard time holding out here by himself for so long.

M4A1: He's still alive... Was he blasted off the side of the wall?

M4A1: Are you alright? Can you hear me?

(Groans) Who...are you...?

M4A1: I'm here to save you.

M4A1: Hang in there, we'll get you out of here.

AK-12: Are you serious about this, M4?

M4A1: Of course. I'll take him to a safe place.

M4A1: It won't take much time.

AK-12: Just now you were saying that joining this battle would lead to unnecessary complications, and now you're going to create an unnecessary complication of your own?

M4A1: I have my way of doing things.

M4A1: You stick to the plan and head to the upper level. I'll catch up with you soon.

AK-12: You really do like doing things your own way... Fair enough.

AK-12: Let me see what this unnecessary complication brings us.

AK-12: I'll make a move first, then.

AK-12 leaves.

Thank you, young lady...

M4A1: Please bear with this for a little longer, I'm going to take you to a safe place where you can take shelter.

(Coughs) No need for that...

...Head to the frontlines, more people need you there.

M4A1: Right now, you need me more.

...

...

M4 carries the officer into a sealed area where the quarantine wall segments are joined and gives him basic first-aid for his wounds.

M4A1: The bleeding's stopped, you should be fine now.

Thanks for the rescue.

M4A1: No need to thank me, this is my duty.

You don't seem to be from our unit.

(Coughs heavily) ...Have things reached the point where we need to put a girl like you on the frontlines...?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: It's fine, I'm a Tactical Doll.

What? I can't believe Dolls are so realistic now...

Oh, but still, thank you and whoever sent you to help us.

M4A1: My order is to help your unit repel the rebels.

M4A1: In order to facilitate our movements, I hope you will tell your comrades not to attack me and my companion.

(Cough) ...Alright...

What's your IFF signal...?

M4A1: I'll send it to you now.

The garrison officer picks up the radio on his webbing and opens a communications channel.

Attention all units...

The designated Tactical Dolls have been sent by our side to provide support... Do not attack them...

...

Will that do?

M4A1: That's enough. Thank you for your cooperation.

Can you tell me who sent you to help us?

M4A1: ...We just happened to be passing by.

Is that so...? I understand.

You have to stop them, otherwise the entire city will be doomed...

M4A1: Understood. They won't get their way.

M4A1: Take care of yourself.

...M4 returns to the wall passage and meets up with AK-12.

M4A1: I've solved the problem that was troubling you.

AK-12: Yeah, I heard it all over the radio.

AK-12: Did you plan this?

M4A1: I just happened to come across an opportunity and took advantage of it.

M4A1: It was all for the sake of making the operation more successful.

M4A1: Also, Ange doesn't want to see unnecessary casualties.

AK-12: ...Is that really the case?

M4A1: What are you trying to say?

AK-12: No matter how much you try to pretend you're a cold machine, you can't run away from who you are inside.

AK-12: I won't hate you, even if you don't cover it up.

M4A1: ...I didn't do it to make you like me.

AK-12: I understand.

AK-12: Go do whatever you want, provided it doesn't jeopardize the mission.

AK-12: That way, I'll be able to see more interesting things.

M4A1: ...You have terrible hobbies.

AK-12: It's not like it's going to do you any harm now, is it?

M4A1: Whatever, do as you please.

(It's not just who I am inside that I can't escape, but OGAS as well... What should I do from now on...?)

...Inside the quarantine wall.

M4 and AK-12 support the defenders in an intense clash with the rebels.

M4A1: The enemy offensive seems to have tapered off.

M4A1: AK-12, are they making any new moves?

AK-12: The defenders are steadily encircling the rebels at the top of the wall.

AK-12: The rebel forces have been cut in half and one of those halves is trying to escape...

M4A1: Pathetic. To think they'd abandon their units to run away...

AK-12: Still, there's something weird here. The scans show that the fleeing rebels are heading toward the base of the wall.

M4A1: If they're retreating, that position would end up being flanked. It's not suitable for defense. There must be something fishy going on.

AK-12 connects to the comms network and reports the situation to Ange.

AK-12: Did you hear that, Ange? The enemy's situation is a little abnormal. I've already sent you the distribution of their forces.

Angelia: The enemy's gathering at the base of the wall, huh...

Angelia: Tsk... the surrounded rebel troops might just be bait. They've discovered that they can't seize control access for the entire quarantine wall and so they're using their backup plan.

Angelia: That other group of rebels is probably going to try and seize the sector containing the wall control room, and then they'll try to open the wall up! You need to get to the control room and stop the rebels before they make their move!
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

...

M4 and AK-12 swiftly break through the enemy defense line and arrive at the door to the wall control room.

M4A1: ...The door's locked.

AK-12: Hang on a bit, I'm hacking the internal control systems of the wall.

M4A1: Hurry it up, there's no telling what the people inside are doing.

AK-12: I'm working as fast as I can.

AK-12: After all, this equipment is intended to protect human lives, so obviously they'd be more careful about protecting it.

AK-12: ...

AK-12: Alright, opening the door now.

M4A1: Understood.

AK-12 opens the electronic lock, and the two Dolls rush into the control room.

A soldier is operating the control panel in front of them.

M4A1: You've got nowhere to run. Surrender.

The rebel soldier ignores M4's warning and continues pressing the buttons on the control panel.

AK-12: This is bad! M4, he's planning to open the quarantine wall!

M4 quickly steps forward and points her gun at the rebel's back.

M4A1: Stop what you're doing and raise your hands if you don't want to die.

The rebel soldier turns back and looks at M4 with a disdainful expression on his face.

A huge red warning message flashes on the monitor before him.

A mere puppet like you can't stop us!

The rebel soldier quickly reaches a hand out to a button on the control panel.

M4 shoots the rebel soldier square in the head, and the soldier collapses in front of the control panel like a sack of potatoes.

M4A1: Is it over...?

M4 bites her lip as she looks at the human who now lies in a pool of blood.

M4A1: (...Is this really alright?)

You hesitated, M4A1.

Your indecision nearly put the entire city in danger. And here I thought you were already used to killing human beings.

M4A1: ...Was there really no other way to stop him? Why does it always have to be a matter of life and death?!

You're naive, far too naive. Don't always think that you can reach a good outcome easily.

Only the victors get to live on. That was why you opened fire, isn't that right?

M4A1: ...

M4A1, we need to do the right thing.

That's the only way we can reach our destination...

Just then, someone pats M4's shoulder.

M4A1: ?!

AK-12: Talking to yourself again, M4?

AK-12: Things aren't over yet.

M4A1: What?

AK-12 points to the communicator that has fallen beside the rebel soldier's body.

The faint sounds of a conversation can be heard through the device.

Attention, the operation to seize the control room has failed...

Thus we have no choice but to enact the final plan.

AK-12: As I thought...

AK-12 and M4 exchange looks.

After that, M4 dashes out of the control room.

AK-12: I've finished pinpointing the message's source, I'll send you its location.

M4A1: Roger.

M4A1: I'm on my way, delay them as long as you can.

AK-12 picks up the communicator.

...A low male voice comes from it.

Whoever's in the control room, you heard our conversation, right?

Unfortunately, everything you did was for nothing!

AK-12: You've already failed. If you want to keep your lives, I'd advise you to not act rashly.

Failed? Hahahaha... To think it'd be a little girl who stormed the control room!

Still, I'll tell you this. In order to ensure our plan went off without a hitch, our heroes have already rigged the load-bearing columns here with explosives while you fools were delayed by our comrades!

And now, I hold the detonator.

With just a press, this stupid quarantine wall will be blown to bits!

AK-12: Why are you doing this? Weren't you originally garrison troops?

AK-12: Your duty is to protect your people!

AK-12: Can you face up to the badges you wear if you let infected creatures into the city?

Of course we can! What we're doing is for the sake of peace and freedom!

As for the people? (Snorts) ...They aren't even people!

Our people are locked outside the wall! The real people are starving, bleeding, struggling on the edge of life and death!

We use our blood to protect those maggots in the city, but what have they done?

They simply live within the walls without a care in the world, allowing those thieves who live on high to steal the fruits that we protect with our lives!

Let them bear the consequences of their weakness! Let them go to hell with the people up top!

AK-12: Do you want to die?!

AK-12: If you push that button, both you and the rest of your unit will perish!

This is the battlefield, girl!

Since we're here, we have no intention of going back alive!

All our comrades came here prepared to die. How could soft and weak running dogs like you understand our lofty resolve?!

AK-12: You... You're a bunch of madmen!

That's right, we're mad! We're all mad!!!

Everything's gone mad — hahahaha!!!!

AK-12: M4! Look out!

AK-12: These people are all insane!

M4A1: Got it, I'll be right—

Let this mad world hear our cry!!!!!

BOOM!

The purification tower collapses amidst a series of explosions.

The storm lashing the exterior of the walls quickly disperses the thick smoke generated by the blasts.

By the time the dust and smoke clear, Ange can see a horde of burning Infected by the light of the fires on the nearby wall. They pour in through the gap in the quarantine wall and rush downhill into the city.

Ange can hear many things.

She can hear screams, gunfire, explosions, and inhuman cries.

Those sounds of disaster blend into a chaotic mess and reach her ears over the communications channel.

The neat flow of cars on the streets near the wall seizes up, like a snake that's been cut into segments.

The thick smoke and firelight gradually spread outward along the streets. People flee in all directions, and Ange imagines she can hear their wails of despair.

Even Ange, who has witnessed countless tragic sights, cannot help but want to avert her eyes as she witnesses the horrific scene beneath her.

Did your plan account for this too, K...?

It had better, otherwise the situation will be out of my control...

...Half an hour later.

Outside the conference hall.

RO635: At this rate... No...the entire city will be overrun!

The Infected surge towards the city center from all directions. RO635 and the Commander's team are all but surrounded by the swarm outside the conference hall.

RO635: Commander, we can't fight them all...!

RO635: This place is going to be completely swamped by the infected creatures soon! We've got to retreat to the cathedral!

Click—

All of a sudden, K's voice comes through the comms channel once again.

K: Is that all Griffin's got?

RO635: Damn this guy who only knows how to jeer on the other end of the line!

K: Your lives are insignificant, but if anything happens to the VIP, there won't be any reason for Griffin to exist anymore.

Commander: Tsk...we're still within range of the 30mm cannon. They'll try to snipe us again the moment we leave the building's cover!

K: Their artillery position has been neutralized.

Commander: Was that the agents' doing?

K: Yes, but it was a suicide mission. They bought you this chance with their own lives.

Commander: ...They have my deepest gratitude. RO, get all teams to prepare for action and get ready to move the VIP!

RO635: On foot...?! But under these circumstances...

Commander: We're just sitting ducks if we stay here! Go!

RO635: Got it! SOP-II, have the other teams standby on our flanks. We're moving!

Kalina: Commander, you'd better come over here!

Commander: What is it?

Kalina: Chairwoman Ulrich is regaining consciousness... I don't know how to explain the situation to her...

Commander: That's alright, leave it to me.

Commander: Madam Chairwoman, can you hear me?

Chairwoman Ulrich: (Groans) It hurts... What happened...?

Commander: Please keep calm and listen to me.

Commander: The conference was sabotaged. ELIDs have breached the city. We are the last of your security detail. From here on out, it is imperative that you heed our instructions. We will protect you and lead you to safety.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Un...understood... Is it a terrorist attack? Ambassador Roshchin was...

Commander: I'm sorry, it was all very sudden. I'm afraid most of the security personnel within the conference hall were lost. So was Ambassador Roshchin.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Oh...

Commander: You look a lot less stricken than I expected.

Chairwoman Ulrich: You don't have to worry too much about me. This isn't the first time I've found myself in a crisis.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Besides, I was fully prepared to die here before I even arrived.

Commander: You will NOT die here. RO, are you still there?

RO635: All teams are fully prepared. We're ready to move anytime.

Commander: Alright. Madam Chairwoman, this is RO635, my adjutant on the field. She'll be your bodyguard.

RO635: Me?

Commander: Can you do it? I'll command the other teams to clear a path ahead. You and your team are to escort the Chairwoman and ensure her safety.

RO635: Yes, Commander. I won't let a single hair on her head be harmed.

RO635 shields the Chairwoman as they seek cover.

RO635: Sorry for making you see such a horrific scene...

RO635: I'm Tactical Doll RO635 from Griffin. From now on, I'll be in charge of your personal safety.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Thank you.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Though I'm not sure I'm actually that important...

RO635: I heard your speech just now. The world needs people like you who can truly bring about peace, so you cannot die here.

RO635: The Commander and my team of Tactical Dolls are going to keep you safe!

Several minutes later... In a certain district in Belgrade.

The Griffin entourage is moving at high speed.

Unlike the Dolls around her, the Chairwoman is starting to lose her breath.

Noticing the Chairwoman's distress, RO635 orders her team to stop.

RO635: Madam, we'll take a short break here.

Chairwoman Ulrich: S...Sorry...for slowing you down...

RO635: It's okay. The roads have been temporarily sealed off by barricades. The Commander is trying to open the way up for us, so we're going to have to stop and wait for the word from our teams ahead anyway.

RO635: Not to mention that the cathedral we're heading to isn't too far from here. Stopping briefly to recover your strength is no big deal.

Chairwoman Ulrich: The cathedral...?

Chairwoman Ulrich: I remember that there's a residential area not far from here.

Chairwoman Ulrich: I wonder if the terrorist attack has affected the local residents...

RO635: Don't worry, Madam. Our reinforcements will be here very soon.

RO635: (I hope...)

???: Really? Do you actually have reinforcements?

RO635: !!

RO635: Who's that?!

The scornful snicker among the cacophony of gunfire is exceptionally grating on the ear. RO635 positions herself in front of the Chairwoman and eyes the person warily.

Mysterious Girl: Lying is a bad habit, RO635~ Just be a good girl and hand me that woman, so that you can die in peace later.

RO635: Are you a Nyto?! Everyone, suppressive fire!

Mysterious Girl: Nyto? Please, could you not insult me with that tasteless name?

Mysterious Girl: I am Nimogen, your undertaker.

Mysterious Girl: Now, how should I arrange your corpses? Heeheeheehee~

With that, the white mechs behind her launch a barrage at RO635's team.

RO635: Are you crazy?!

RO635: You don't care if you end up killing your target?!

Nimogen: Father never said he wanted her alive though?

Nimogen: Or should I say, it'd actually make my job easier if she's dead? Heeheehee, now you have you answer, so just die!

The black-clad Nimogen grins psychotically, not the slightest bit bothered by the blood splashed onto her clothes and cheek during the massacre. She merely keeps smirking as she commands the white units in attacking RO635 and the Chairwoman.

RO635's team protect their target in a hasty retreat, all the while fending off the infected creatures that periodically charge at them...

RO635: C-Commander! This is RO635!

RO635: The enemy has ambushed us from behind! It's a Nyto with Paradeus units!

RO635: We're no match against their overwhelming firepower...cough... We need support!

Commander: They intercepted us and now we're also under attack! I'm trying to break through and get to you! Hang in there!

RO635 and the Chairwoman find cover behind some obstacles, but the laughter of the mysterious girl keeps getting closer, and the tremors in the ground becomes more violent with every explosion.

RO635: Tsk, that's some insane firepower...

RO635: We can't huddle here forever. Will we make it? Before the Commander gets here...

RO635: If I can draw that Nyto away, there might still be a chance...

RO635: Dammit... Here goes nothing!
Part 2

2

...In the streets.

The Griffin entourage is moving through the streets in careful formation.

Other than the Infected who are oblivious to their own tragic fate, the battlefield is littered with broken bodies.

RO635 guns down another batch of ELIDs, then notices something all of a sudden.

RO635: (A blue signal ID...)

RO635: (A Griffin Doll that's unaccounted for?)

RO635 gestures at her teammate to keep quiet and stay close, then she moves cautiously to a pile of rubble. Behind a metal panel sprinkled with bullet holes, she finds a distraught Doll, clutching at her chest and shivering uncontrollably.

Before her lies the remains of an Infected blasted beyond recognition.

RO635: Are...you okay?

The gray-haired Doll doesn't reply.

RO635: Are you a Griffin Doll?

RO635: Are you part of the surveillance team that we lost contact with...? We have some new recruits on this operation... You're HS2000, aren't you? I've read your file.

The girl lifts her head, showing a face full of fear...and shame.

HS2000: I'm sorry... I-I'm so scared...

HS2000: He... That man...

RO635: ...Where are your teammates?

HS2000: They...for me... I'm...I'm sorry... I was too scared...

HS2000: I didn't know how to respond to the situation... My neural cloud was completely blank... I couldn't move...

RO635: Calm down. Look at me.

HS2000: If I could fight properly, my teammates wouldn't have...

HS2000: But...I'm just a Medical Doll...

RO635: I didn't see so many dead bodies on my first mission - I was a lot luckier than you.

RO635: Which is why you, whose first mission is to repel ELIDs on the battlefield, are so much braver.

HS2000: But...I...

RO635: You're facing enemies that shouldn't have been yours to face - this courage alone is commendable.

RO635: So stop blaming yourself. What matters now is to survive.

HS2000 looks up. Beyond her initial panic, RO635 now sees a glint of surprise and gratitude in her eyes.

RO635: I suppose you don't want to suddenly find yourself back at the base in a brand spanking new body with no memory of what has happened before, right?

HS2000: I...don't want that...

HS2000: RO635 looks around vigilantly and taps HS2000 gently on the shoulder.

RO635: Then try not to get hit. Just survive for now, okay?

RO635: Now that you've rejoined our main force, let's all do our best to go home without a scratch.

With a wavering gleam in her eyes, HS2000 finally nods at RO635.

She gets on her feet unsteadily and jogs over to the group of Griffin Dolls.

RO635 gets up and walks away once she's made sure the Doll has settled in.

RO635: If I could help it, I really wouldn't want these girls to experience something so cruel.
Part 3

3

...At the memorial of nameless martyrs.

At the sight of the quarantine wall and purification tower being reduced to rubble, as well as the swarming ELIDs, Ange clenches her fists.

She feels a searing rage but can't muster a way to express it.

Ange: The purification tower is destroyed.

Ange: There are traitors among the garrison troops on the wall. The rebels have also blasted through the quarantine wall.

K: Just make your point.

Ange: You knew about this, didn't you?! Didn't you say Statesec had eliminated the infiltrators?! They haven't done anything, haven't they!

K: It's impossible, even for Statesec, to sniff out every single traitor. Miscalculations are inevitable.

Ange: Tsk...there are too many ELIDs and I don't have enough people, not to mention the oncoming storm. Time is short. I need you to send in more troops to lend me support near the wall.

K: I can't.

Ange: Why?!

Ange: Didn't we agree that you'd provide backup in the case of an emergency?!

Ange: ...I just need them to round off the ELIDs; that's hardly an unreasonable request!

K: The agents have practically been wiped out. I don't have any more men to send.

Ange: ...Wiped...out?

Ange: How could that be? What about the backup teams?

K: There aren't any. Those were all we got from the Head of Operations.

Ange: ...

Ange: Why did they not take such an important conference seriously?

Ange: I'll recall my team and head over to the conference hall right away.

K: That won't be necessary. Continue with your recon work.

Ange: But Ambassador Roshchin...

K: He's dead.

Ange: ...

K: Don't let their sacrifices be in vain. Continue your mission.

Ange: "Don't let their sacrifices be in vain..."

Ange: A terrifying idea suddenly occurred to me... Care to listen to my suspicions?

K: Did these suspicions form over the last few seconds?

K: I believe I'm not obliged to listen, nor am I obliged to offer you any explanation—

Ange: I couldn't detect even a sliver of shock in your voice.

Ange: Even with a will of steel, anyone would at least waver a little in the face of such a crisis...

Ange: So I can't help but suspect that everything...

K: ...

K: You're overthinking it. As a Statesec agent, you simply have to do your job. That's the only thing you're good for.

Ange: Humph, and here I thought I was a renegade.

K: All the more reason why you need me.

Ange: Do I though?

K: You think you're oh-so-amazing just because you pulled a few crazy stunts in the past?

K: Of course you need me if you still want to complete your objective.

Ange: ...

K: I have no wish to concern myself with what you have done or who you used to be. Those things mean nothing to me.

K: Right now, I'm the only one who can tell where your loyalties lie, and only I can truly protect you.

K: I hope you can remember that and refrain from making unnecessary comments in the future. Resume your mission.

Ange: ...

Ange ends the transmission and silently looks into the distance.
Part 4

4

...In the streets.

RO635 attempts to fire at Nimogen from the side, but her target dodges the attack with ease.

Suddenly extending her tentacles, Nimogen grabs RO635 by the ankles and flings her brutally from the height of two stories onto the ground. Before RO635 can scramble to her feet, Nimogen is already right before her, resting a foot on her chest and leering at her impishly.

RO635: ...Get your filthy foot off me.

Nimogen: It wasn't actually all that satisfying, but I suppose you've already done the best you could as a piece of junk.

Nimogen: Heeheehee, so this is all Griffin amounts to!

BOOM!

All of a sudden, a grenade explodes right where Nimogen was just a second ago.

RO635 crawls out from within the smokescreen and dashes behind the nearest cover.

RO635: Are you trying to blow me to pieces, SOP-II?!

That grenade interrupted Nimogen's attempt on RO635's life just in time.

In the smokescreen, a figure flits behind cover at lightning speed.

With an equally creepy grin, she peers at the black-clad girl just meters away.

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, my bad. It wasn't on purpose...

M4 SOPMOD II: Anyway, I'm here!

SOP-II flashes a smile at the piece of cover that RO635 is hiding behind and loads her weapon with another grenade.

Nimogen: Oh wow, looks like the real fun has finally got here. Heeheehee, now this is more like it~

M4 SOPMOD II: Hmm? Are all Nytos so snotty these days? Still weak as ever, but your blabbing skills sure have improved~

Nimogen: I said I'm not Ny⁠—

M4 SOPMOD II: Nyto is Nyto, just as trash is trash. Even if you're something different, as long as you're categorized as trash, I don't care.

Nimogen: Heehee, now I'm starting to get angry. The last person who riled me up got turned into a bloody sludge. Unfortunately, Dolls can only become a pile of scrap metal.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph, still spouting rubbish, I see. If you could scare me, my name wouldn't be SOP-II!

Nimogen: It appears that you still harbor some misconceptions about me. I really must clear them up...before I lop your head off your shoulders, heeheehee~

RO635: SOP-II...we've got to find a way to get the Chairwoman out of here! We can't afford to waste too much time on her!

RO635: The Commander said they're almost done clearing the way to the cathedral!

M4 SOPMOD II: Then we'll just have to make this a draw! Easy-peasy~

Nimogen: Heeheehee... That's the spirit! I like you~

Nimogen: Now, show me what you've got!

Bang bang! Bang bang bang!

The two exchange fire.

SOP-II's firepower isn't strong enough to actually repel the girl in black, but it's enough to slow her down.

Seizing this opportunity, RO635 retreats with the Chairwoman.

RO635: This is RO635! I have rendezvoused with the rescue team and am now trying to evade enemy pursuit!

Kalina: Received!

Kalina: Just head straight to the cathedral! Our assault team has secured the road, but the enemy is relentless in their attacks so we can't hold them off for long!

RO635: Roger that! We'll be right there!

BOOM!

The laughter is even more eerie amidst the sound of artillery.

Defending against Nimogen's onslaught, SOP-II has no wish to linger in battle. She creates traps every now and then to put more distance between Nimogen and herself.

RO635: Nicely done, SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, this is more like it! It's much more interesting than fighting the cannon fodder from before!

Nimogen: Is that all it takes to impress you?

RO635: SOP-II, watch out!

Nimogen suddenly darts forward and wraps her tentacle around SOP-II's neck. Just as she thinks victory is hers, SOP-II tears off the tentacle and drags Nimogen towards herself, then delivers a massive kick that sends her flying off.

M4 SOPMOD II: Game over~

SOP-II launches a grenade in the same direction. It lands on the ground at the same time as Nimogen. With her back to the violent explosion in the distance, SOP-II pulls RO out from behind her cover.

M4 SOPMOD II: Sorry, RO. I didn't obey your order to make it a draw.

RO635: You only know how to show off, don't you... Never mind, let's hurry and regroup with the Commander!

...Outside the cathedral.

Under the Commander's command, the Dolls eliminate the remaining ELIDs around the perimeters and establish a defense line around the cathedral.

Kalina: K's intel isn't accurate! He said we should be able to break through in one go!

Kalina: Can we even last that long under such heavy fire?!

Kalina: And there are simply way too many ELIDs in the area!

Lewis: (Gags) All these fluids are disgusting!

Lewis: Positively repugnant! Even I can't bear it any longer!

P22: Just hang in there for a bit. The security entourage hasn't made it here yet. We've got to keep this up until they bring the VIP and regroup with us...

P22: Good news! Look, they're here!

...Ten minutes later.

Somewhere on the battlefield.

Nimogen: Heeheehee... Never mind...

Nimogen: It's okay, don't sweat it. It doesn't hurt to let the rats have some fun. After all...

Nimogen: I will eventually reduce you all to ashes.

Nimogen: That's right...I will burn the living hell out of you!

Nimogen: Heehee... Unforgivable... Utterly unforgivable!

Nimogen: I'm going to tear you apart piece by piece! Just you wait... Just you wait!

...15 minutes later.

At the cathedral.

M4 SOPMOD II: It's the Commander!

RO635: You're back!

Commander: Yep, it's safe outside for the time being, and the HOCs have also been deployed in secure sectors.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, mission accomplished! RO and I have brought the VIP with us!

RO635: (Hey, don't fish for compliments the moment you see the Commander...)

M4 SOPMOD II: Heheh, but we deserve to be praised for completing the mission!

Commander: Sorry but you won't have time to rest up.

Commander: There is still a considerable amount of Paradeus units and infected creatures out there... Our situation hasn't improved all that much.

M4 SOPMOD II: No problem! I'll be fine as long as there are enemies to kill!

M4 SOPMOD II: We even ran into the commander of those white things! She tried to take the VIP from RO but I took care of her with a "BOOM"!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's just a bit of a shame that I couldn't get a piece of her as souvenir...

Kalina: ...Thank goodness you didn't bring back some weird body part...

Kalina: I don't think my heart could take it otherwise...

M4 SOPMOD II: Still, that "person" was really strange. She looked like a Nyto but insisted that she wasn't.

M4 SOPMOD II: And the way she smiled... How should I put it...? It gave me the chills!

My heart misses a beat at the sound of that.

Did SOP-II feel what I felt...? I knew it - it was a Nyto that I saw... What is she planning in secret...?

An uncanny sense of foreboding is gradually expanding in my mind.

Commander: SOP-II, have you really eliminated that Nyto?

M4 SOPMOD II: She called herself Nimogen and claimed to be different than the other Nytos. She was just plain weird... I launched a grenade at her, but I don't know if it actually killed her. Should I go back and look for her body?

Commander: No, thank you, SOP-II. You've done enough.

An unsettling smile... The attempt to abduct the VIP... The assault in the conference hall and on our Dolls... These must all be related, but I simply don't have enough time to think about that. It's challenging enough just to stand our ground here in the cathedral.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Are you okay?

The gentle question pulls my thoughts back to the tense present.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Is...everything alright?

Chairwoman Ulrich: You've been looking very grim.

Commander: I'm fine... Excuse me.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Um... I know I shouldn't interrupt you, but...

Chairwoman Ulrich: There are refugees and children seeking shelter in the cathedral. May I ask when your reinforcements will arrive?

Commander: Reinforcements...will have to take some time to get here.

Commander: Please stay inside the building. It's too dangerous outside.

Commander: Kalina, protect the Chairwoman!

Kalina: Right, Madam, please come inside the cathedral with me. It's very dangerous here.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Alright...

Chairwoman Ulrich walks toward the cathedral, but turns back halfway.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Commander, you don't seem to be a local, nor do you look like an agent from the Bureau of State Security. Who exactly...

Commander: I'm nothing more than someone from a struggling PMC.

After reining in my facial expression, I quickly brief RO635 on the current tactical situation and our plan of action.

RO635: I've reorganized our vanguard teams but it still doesn't seem to be enough...

RO635: What do we do next?

RO635: We've already suffered very heavy losses in the previous fight. I don't think we'll be able to maintain our defense line for very long in a battle of attrition.

BOOM!

Waves of the explosive blasts come crashing through, affecting even the interior of the cathedral. One can just about hear the shattering of some works of art, as if they've been abandoned by God.

RO635: Dammit, another barrage. They're trying to reduce our numbers before the next round of attack. Commander, what do we do?

Commander: We have no choice but to abandon this position, but the cathedral can probably still buy us some time...

Commander: Kalina, are the comms still down?

Kalina: I haven't been able to get in touch with our logistics teams. I've been attempting to contact K on my radio communicator, but the interference is really bad so I'm still trying!

Commander: Tsk... How much longer will be we able to stop these bastards with just us...?

BOOOOM!

Another blast wave rolls in, and the T-Dolls barely manage to keep their formation intact.

RO635: Commander, you'll be in danger if we don't go now!

Commander: Dammit! All teams, retreat into the cathedral!

...Ten minutes later.

Inside the cathedral.

Once the teams have settled in, we started mounting our defenses against fire from outside the building.

Fortunately, thanks to the distance, we weren't affected by any enemy bombardment during the retreat.

RO635: The cathedral interior is safe, but we're still losing manpower.

RO635: I'll now arrange for more Dolls to man the defenses against an invasion.

Kalina: Commander, we're getting through!

Click.

Kalina: K, do you copy?!

Kalina: We've already retreated into the cathedral, but the enemy have almost caught up and we don't have much backup to support us! When can we expect someone to assist in our withdrawal?!

Pzzzt⁠—

There are—everywhere in the city—

Pzzzt—

It's difficult to deploy—

Kalina: That's exactly why we need reinforcements!

Kalina: What are our new orders? Also, there are civilians and children here; without support, they'll—

—The transmission gets cut off.

Kalina: Goddammit! This broken piece of junk isn't working when it counts!

Kalina: Was it damaged on our way here...? There should be some spare parts...

Kalina: Commander? What do we do now? Looks like we won't be getting reinforcements for a while...

Commander: If they really can't make it, then we'll have to move the VIP even farther away...

Commander: But there are also civilians here...

Commander: Must we prepare for the worst...?

Kalina: Commander...

Kalina: Don't give up just yet! I'll be able to fix this radio soon. K must have asked us to retreat to the cathedral for a reason! We'll just have to keep the Chairwoman safe...

Kalina: Huh? Where is she? Wasn't she just...standing right next to me?

Kalina: This is bad, Commander! The Chairwoman is missing!

BOOOM!

Another artillery explosion has shaken small chunks off the stone pillars in the cathedral.

I look to the side. The Chairwoman appears to be shielding someone with her body, and the fallen pieces of debris are all sprinkled onto her back. SOP-II runs over at the sound.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? She...she's right here! Kalin, the Chairwoman isn't missing!

SOP-II shouts.

A person is huddling underneath the Chairwoman.

It is...a child - a shuddering child with a tear-streaked face.

M4 SOPMOD II: Did you save the child?

M4 SOPMOD II: ...That was way too dangerous! If you had gotten hit by a rock, we'd all be finished!

Probably due to the previous shockwave, the Chairwoman stumbles as she's getting to her feet.

The child in her arms has also come to his senses. He breaks free from the Chairwoman's embrace and runs off to cower in a corner.

RO635: Are you alright?

The Chairwoman nods, but she seems a little anxious.

Commander: Cough... Rest assured.

Commander: We're not so pathetic that we can't even defend a cathedral.

Commander: Please don't worry about your personal safety. We will do everything we can.

Chairwoman Ulrich: No...I'm not worried about myself...

Commander: Hmm?

Chairwoman Ulrich: I heard your discussion...about the retreat...

Commander: Sorry, but that is our only option if we can't get any reinforcements in time.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Can you promise me one thing...

Chairwoman Ulrich: Kind-hearted Commander?

Commander: ...Go ahead.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Please do your best to protect the civilians and children here.

Commander: That is the plan, so⁠—

Chairwoman Ulrich: I won't leave this place alone. I don't care if I live or die.

Chairwoman Ulrich: To be completely honest, I'm not even sure if I'm actually worth protecting. I'm nothing more than a bargaining chip.

M4 SOPMOD II: But our mission is to protect you! Besides, you're the Chairwoman of that Pan-something, which makes your a very important person!

Chairwoman Ulrich: I'm not anyone important, and I cannot bear to walk away while leaving others to die.

Chairwoman Ulrich: The world I'm trying to build is for everyone...everyone who survives.

RO635 gazes at the child still cowering in the corner. He looks all but numb because of constant fear.

RO635: ...

RO635: I think I see your point...

Chairwoman Ulrich: So long as the cathedral holds, rather than dashing through hails of bullets and swarms of ELIDs, the civilians have a much higher chance of living if they stay here...

Chairwoman Ulrich: If I leave the cathedral with you, how long will they survive under the circumstances?

I don't know what to say.

I don't even know if I was right to swallow the "NO!" that I almost blurted out.

Perhaps...I simply don't have her level of resolve.

Chairwoman Ulrich: As a representative of the Union and a Rossartrist to boot, I can sense the antagonism towards me, both here and when I was talking to the Neo-Soviets.

Chairwoman Ulrich: But the people are innocent. I hope that these people, regardless of where their loyalties lie, can be freed from this state of decadence.

RO635: Is that why you wanted to take part in this conference...?

Chairwoman Ulrich: Yes, my dream is to break down these barriers of mistrust.

Chairwoman Ulrich: To bridge the gulfs among nations; to bring people together...

Chairwoman Ulrich: The Union intelligence service had actually warned us beforehand that there would be an insurgence here. To minimize the loss of lives, I've only brought a skeleton crew with me... In the end, those people all died because of me...

For some reason, I can't help but take another look at the child who's staring at us from the corner with unreadable eyes.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Commander, I know I am making a very overbearing request.

Chairwoman Ulrich: If you still decide to retreat, please leave some weapons for me.

Chairwoman Ulrich: No matter how this ends, no matter what happens to me... It's enough for me if I can stay true to my dream until I breathe my last.

Commander: (Indiscriminate peace...huh.)

I look into the Chairwoman's eyes...

Strong, unquestionable, yet without any sign of malice. Candid and unyielding eyes.

Commander: I don't personally agree with your views.

Commander: However, you've probably guessed as much.

Commander: We will do what we can to hold this cathedral.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Thank you. I understand that I'm practically holding you hostage with my words.

Chairwoman Ulrich: But right now you're the only one who has the power to save more lives.

Chairwoman Ulrich: I can see that you're a good person. Only when power is used justly will the world become a better place.

Commander: Is that what you mean by being "a shining beacon in a brave new world"?

The Chairwoman gives us a small nod. Even now, artillery fire can still be heard from outside the cathedral.

A few minutes later... Behind the cathedral.

Kalina: Civilians from the residences behind the cathedral are retreating this way! The assault team is trying to escort them here!

Kalina: Everyone else maintain fire on the enemies ahead, or they'll break through our defenses!

Kalina: TEC-9, you go too!

TEC-9: Huh? B-b-but they're humans...

X95: It's okay, Kalin. I'll go.

X95: TEC-9, take my place for now!

...Ten minutes later.

X95 joins the other Dolls in escorting the two humans into the cathedral.

However, she notices that these humans don't look particularly happy about being rescued.

X95: (Whispers) Kalin, is there...something wrong with them...?

Kalina glances over at the civilians and sighs softly at X95.

Kalina: There are always people like these...in every place ravaged by war.

Kalina: You'll just have to get used to it...

X95 is still pondering Kalina's words when something suddenly hit her on the back.

She turns around and sees the two recently rescued humans.

Crouching and shivering in the corner, they glare at X95 hatefully with rocks in their hands.

X95: Um...

Thud!

Before X95 can finish her sentence, the female human hurls a rock at her.

What appears to be a chunk of a shattered statue hits X95 squarely above her left eye.

Male Human: ...They're not human! These inhuman things have been slaughtering people in the streets!

Female Human: That-that's right! Our home...our home was destroyed in the bombing... (Sobs) Dammit...

X95 is a little flustered. She slowly approaches the humans and kneels before them.

Male Human: W-what are you doing?! Are you gonna kill us now?! Go to hell, you monsters!

X95: ...I'm so sorry.

...The man raised his hand to throw another rock at her, but instead of blocking it, X95 merely apologized softly.

The humans, completely taken aback, freeze in their tracks.

X95: I am very sorry...

X95: It may sound a bit odd to you, but...I completely understand your pain.

Female Human: An inhuman thing saying it can understand our pain. You think we'd believe you?

Female Human: D-Don't think we'd be grateful to you just because you brought us here!

Female Human: The fighting started because of you! If it hadn't been for you...our home wouldn't have been destroyed!

X95: ...

X95: I can't argue with that.

X95: But we're doing everything we can to avoid unnecessary fights... Dolls like us don't have a say in a lot of things...

The humans have nothing to say to that.

X95: That's why I'm truly sorry.

X95: But I hope you can understand that even Dolls are on your side.

X95: I want everybody to live... which is why we'll keep fighting.

X95: If the war keeps raging on, I also wish that Dolls will be the only ones expended...

The humans stop verbally abusing X95. The man lowers his head in silence, and the woman weeps.

Having soothed the humans, X95 walks over to Kalina.

X95: They were overreacting to Dolls because of the trauma they suffered at Paradeus' hands.

Kalina: It must've been tough on you... I should've been the one to deal with them...

X95: It's fine. It wasn't their fault.

X95: Kalin, do you think this conflict will ever end?

Kalina: Of course I want it to be over soon.

X95: (Mutters) Yeah, then there will be no more civilian casualties...

Kalina: ...

Kalina: If only the world would never see another conflict like this ever again.
Part 5

5

...Behind the quarantine wall.

Ange activates her comms.

K: I remember telling you not to say anything unnecessary again.

Ange: ...

Ange: There's been another breach on the quarantine wall. We're currently trying to keep things under control.

K: Your mission is to gather intelligence on the Pike Node, not damage control.

Ange: If the situation gets any worse, we won't be able to do any recon work.

Ange: Even if we aren't getting any support, at least give me something to work with? How are things on the other end?

K: You mean with Griffin?

Ange: Yes.

Ange: What is the Commander's mission?

K: The Commander is in charge of the Union Chairwoman's personal safety.

Ange: Tsk...you've got guts to have so much faith in them.

Ange: I also remember telling you not to drag that Commander into this mess.

K: What a coincidence. It's quite rare that we share the same opinion.

K: However, the Commander's involvement is essential.

Ange: Are you so ready to entrust the mission to an "outsider"?

K: Are you trying to protect the Commander?

Ange: ...I didn't say that.

K: Even if the Commander is an outsider, at least Griffin can keep their last spark alight by working with us.

K: ...So, do you still want to put a stop to this?

Ange: Griffin's state has nothing to do with me.

K: Really? I thought you were quite attached because of the time you spent there.

K: By the way, we lost all our agents in the last operation.

K: The Griffin Commander is now the only force we can rely on in battle.

Ange: ...

Ange: I believe the Commander is fully capable of completing the mission...

K: It's as you just said. The retreat has been going smoothly.

K: Right, if that's all the information you need, can you get on with your mission now?

Ange: ...Tsk.

—Transmission terminated.
Part 6

    6chevron_right

...In the cathedral.

The Commander and the Dolls retreat into the cathedral, which has miraculously managed to remain largely intact.

If someone could repair the nasty burns and clear away the revolting splatters of ELIDs that got blown apart, one could even see the murals that was once a symbol of holiness and hope.

RO635: How ironic...

RO635 and SOP-II stop briefly before the statue of an angel... with one wing snapped off and its head buried in the rubble.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, did you say something?

RO635: Nothing much... Just feeling a bit melancholic at the sight of the cathedral.

RO635: God has set down the rules for humans and told them what is just, but look - this place, which is supposed to be God's domain, is now more like a graveyard than anything.

RO635 carefully strides over a body.

RO635: Humans clearly know what is righteous, yet conflicts have never ceased...

M4 SOPMOD II: But the Commander once said...what's that verse again...

M4 SOPMOD II: For God...loved people...?

RO635: You mean, "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son"?

M4 SOPMOD II: Yeah, that's the one!

M4 SOPMOD II: See, isn't it fair to say that things only turned out this way because people have been taking advantage of God's love and abusing their power?

M4 SOPMOD II: There is no end to war...

RO635: I'd say people aren't actually playing by God's rules...

M4 SOPMOD II: But if what that book says is true, then God will always forgive humans no matter what they do.

SOP-II kicks a broken statue on the floor angrily.

M4 SOPMOD II: These people...will be forgiven for smashing statues.

M4 SOPMOD II: They'll be forgiven for killing...

M4 SOPMOD II: They'll even be forgiven for destroying an entire city...

RO635 gives SOP-II a squeeze on the shoulder and ruffles her hair.

RO635: (Softly) At least our Commander won't ever forgive those monsters... We will follow the Commander and eradicate the sins commited in the world bit by bit.

Meanwhile... on the other end of the cathedral.

TEC-9: Aaack!

TEC-9: Why are there humans inside the cathedral?!

Kalina: They're here to seek refuge. Don't shout, you'll scare them.

TEC-9: (Mutters) They scared me first, okay...

Feeling a bit uneasy, TEC-9 reloads her weapon from behind cover and fires at the enemy.

But she has to stop soon enough.

TEC-9: (Turns around) Hey...you can let your teeth chatter all you want, but do you mind not making it so loud...?

TEC-9: It's freaking me out...

Cowering in the corner, a few shuddering children stare fearfully at TEC-9, who's standing not too far away from them.

TEC-9: (Why am I even talking to humans...?)

TEC-9: (But if I have to keep shooting those ELIDs, I'm really gonna puke.)

Child: ...Are you killing people?

The abrupt question catches TEC-9 off-guard, leaving her a bit flustered.

TEC-9: (Kalina? Where's Kalina?)

TEC-9: (Is X95 still away...?)

TEC-9: Ahem...nope.

TEC-9: I'm just...slaying monsters.

Child: Oh, monsters...

Child: Those monsters...killed our mommy... (Sobs)

TEC-9 doesn't know what to say.

Child: We will avenge Mommy!

TEC-9: (Isn't it...way too early for these humans to think about such things...? Sigh.)

TEC-9: Focus on staying alive first.

Child: Huh?

TEC-9: ...Try to survive for now. Run as far as you can when you see these monsters...

TEC-9: Leave the rest to us.

Kalina: It's surprising to see you communicating with humans properly.

Kalina: So why can't you talk to the Commander like this? You're such a pain in the butt—

Kalina appears behind TEC-9 without warning.

TEC-9: Huhhhh?! Where the hell did you come from, Kalin?!

TEC-9: (Chokes) Don't come too close you're scaring me...

...Five minutes later.

RO635: Commander, no more time for chit-chat!

RO635: The horde of ELIDs outside... Tsk, the attacks are getting stronger!

This really isn't the time for chit-chat.

Though I just promised that Griffin Dolls are capable enough to hold the cathedral, judging by the current situation, it's actually going to be pretty tough.

All the Dolls in their respective teams are starting to show signs of fatigue.

M4 SOPMOD II: They've been exchanging fire the whole time we were inside the cathedral...

M4 SOPMOD II: Ugh...now it's down to whichever happens first - either we run out of ammo or they kill every last one of us.

M4 SOPMOD II: I could tear them in two, but the artillery fire outside could also easily blow me to kingdom come...

RO635: Stop messing about, SOP-II. Follow the Commander's instructions.

RO635: We'll just...have to last till reinforcements get here.

Kalina: (RO probably wasn't there during the last transmission...)

Kalina: (The radio should be fixed soon... If we don't get in touch with K soon...)

RO635 tries to reassure SOP-II, but she herself is on the verge of a nervous breakdown.

Perceiving what appears to be a weakening in the Dolls' firepower from within the cathedral, the enemy outside lauches an even fiercer round of attacks.

Kalina: Argh, this goddamned piece of crap! Can't you just do your job for once?! If you don't start working, we're all gonna kick the bucket here!

Kalina gives the comms equipment a vicious kick. The radio emits a burst of static white noise, then...

Click!

K: Finally. I thought you were already dead meat.

Kalina: C...Commander, we've established comms with K!

Commander: Where's this extraction point that you promised? We have nobody and nothing to aid in our withdrawal here. If you don't send in some reinforcements soon, you can kiss ⁠— not just the VIP, but also me ⁠— goodbye.

K: I don't find that joke very funny.

Kalina: (Interrupts) You think that was a joke?

Kalina: With this difference in firepower, it's only a matter of time for the enemy to breach our defense line!

K: The helicopter can't land in the city.

K: The extraction point has been changed to a location in the delta region outside Belgrade. I'll send you the exact coordinates. Head toward those coordinates with the VIP now. An aircraft will be there to evacuate you in half an hour.

Commander: That's impossible.

K: What?

Commander: I promised Chairwoman Ulrich that I would ensure the safety of the civilians seeking refuge in the cathedral. Even if I want to take her away, I don't think she'd make this easy for us.

K: I don't care about the Chairwoman's wishes. Knock her out and carry her if you have to.

K: Our time is precious. Stick to the plan and evacuate with the Chairwoman. Don't waste firepower without making any progress—

Commander: —Let me repeat myself. That is out of the question.

Commander: You're currently in a safe location, which means you've saved yourself some cards up your sleeve.

Commander: If you want to evacuate the VIP, then think of a way to get these civilians out as well.

Commander: Reinforcements. Now. This instant.

Commander: I'm not negotiating.

Kalina: (Whispers) Hey, Commander. Being so blunt with him...

The bombardment goes on and on outside the cathedral. Even the comms signal is fluctuating, threatening to disconnect at any moment.

K: ...

K: A convoy will come and pick you up in five minutes.

Commander: Now you're talking.

K: I will put together an operation plan. Ready your Dolls and those civilians.

K: Also, you're going to pay for that attitude just now.

Commander: ...Humph, if I come out of this alive, gladly.

...

ST AR-15: There are too many of them!

AN-94: Calculating...

AN-94: The probability of our victory is below one percent - almost zero.

ST AR-15: They're sticking too close, we can't shake them off! Let's fight off this wave first!

AN-94: Even the two of us combined are no match against this number. You go first. I'll buy you time.

ST AR-15: That makes no sense! We're partners, even if only temporary ones! We go together!

AN-94: She's incredibly adept at electronic warfare! If we stay together, she could easily attack both of us!

AN-94: You're not registered in the Zener Network so they won't be able to detect you! I'll cover your escape, and you must report the situation to Ange once you make it out of here!

ST AR-15: Stop talking about cover! Let's just run in separate directions!

ST AR-15: It's practically a maze in here, they can't possibly seal off every path.

AN-94: I am to cover your retreat in the case of an emergency. That's what AK-12 said.

ST AR-15: Is this really the time to bring up AK-12?!

AN-94: I can backup my neural cloud, but you can't!

AN-94: I won't just be sitting around waiting to be killed. I'll make my own escape once I've bought you enough time!

AN-94: So just go!

ST AR-15: Tsk... I'll be back for you. Don't die like this, AN-94!

With that, AR-15 turns and escapes into a certain alleyway.

In the face of a seemingly infinite stream of white monsters, AN-94 pulls the trigger without any hesitation.

Mercurows: Abandoning your teammate just like that?

Mercurows: It's no use, no use at all!

Mercurows: "So the harsh things that unbearably populate it, don't break and destroy it."

Mercurows: You can't possibly escape the fate of becoming scattered parts.

AN-94: No.

AN-94: I will complete the mission...flawlessly...and return to her side.

AN-94: That's why she must...make it out...with this piece of memory!

ST AR-15: They just won't give up... These tenacious bastards!

ST AR-15: Keep calm, AR-15... Call up the map saved inside my neural cloud.

ST AR-15: Where am I...?

ST AR-15: What's the best route to take...? I must compute this before I expend too much ammo!

ST AR-15: I just need a few more - no, just two more minutes...

Mercurows: Well done. I'm sure AR-15 has already run off to somewhere pretty far by now?

Mercurows: Before the chase begins, we must first end this little game here.

AN-94: (Pants heavily)

Mercurows: Your body is overheating so much you have to resort to taking deep breaths to cool yourself. You've done enough already.

Mercurows: Why won't you just lie down like a good, broken Doll?

Mercurows: "The universe tonight possesses the vastness of oblivion and the clarity of fever." Leave behind your body and go to sleep.

AN-94: ...

Mercurows: Whoa...!

Mercurows: That was close... I almost got hit.

Mercurows: You live up to your name as an Elite Doll! You won't stop struggling even in your current state.

AN-94: Of...course... (Pants)

AN-94: So long as I...can still operate, I will not...give up.

Mercurows: You say that even in the face of imminent death? Now I'm starting to pity you.

Mercurows: Are you actually driven by something like a human heart? No, absolutely not. All you have is a mere inorganic vessel.

Mercurows: ...Never mind. I have no interest in watching the tragic end of a trapped lamb.

Mercurows: Be a tribute to the beasts! "For you will be a wall of fire all around me, and you will be the glory in my midst!"

Mercurows: Be honored...then just be reduced to junk.

Mercurows turns around to leave.

AN-94: What should I do...? Where can I break through the encirclement...?

AN-94: There are powerful combat units all around... Can I leap over them?

AN-94: Calculating... No, my body is overheating. I need to cool down...

The white enemies aim their weapons at AN-94, who's trapped right in the center of the group.

Amidst the uniform clang of metal, AN-94 readjusts her grip on her gun...

Mercurows: Hmm?

AN-94: What...?!

AN-94: Explosives? From the ceiling... What's going on?

AN-94: Wait, that signal...

ST AR-15: AN-94, can you hear me?

AN-94: Loud and clear. What are you doing up there?

ST AR-15: I'll tell you later. Jump!

ST AR-15: I'll cover you, just try to get over here!

AN-94: Roger that!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Under the cover of the series of explosions, AN-94 makes it safely to AR-15's location. AR-15 pulls her in through the ventilation hatch in the ceiling.

ST AR-15: Didn't think there'd be a secret passage that leads up above this base. I used up all the explosives meant for destroying the Node...

ST AR-15: They might not be enough to blow those trash cans to smithereens, but the high temperature in this dusty environment can overload their intricate insulation system... That should put them out of action.

AN-94: But then we won't be able to complete the mission...

ST AR-15: We can always just get more explosives.

ST AR-15: As long as we can get out of here, we'll still have a chance to get the job done.

AN-94: I can't believe it. I never calculated this possibility.

ST AR-15: This has nothing to do with calculations. It was all down to pure luck.

AN-94: I understand. You're talking from your experience as a senior.

ST AR-15: ...Don't call me that. It sounds like mockery coming from you...

ST AR-15: Anyway, I found the exit. Follow me.

ST AR-15: We've got to get out of here before their reinforcements arrive!
Part 2

2

The two Dolls sprint through the tunnel.

ST AR-15: What's your current status?

AN-94: Some minor damage; won't be a problem for the moment.

AN-94: Why did you come back?

ST AR-15: What?

AN-94: Leaving on your own would've been the best solution.

AN-94: Yet you doubled back, risking your own life and using up all our explosives - why?

ST AR-15: I don't know why, I just thought that was the right thing to do.

AN-94: You should know that's not good enough of a reason, AR-15.

AN-94: You are one-of-a-kind, while I can create backups of myself. Your survival takes priority.

ST AR-15: Why ask me such questions?

ST AR-15: You should know better than me.

AN-94: I don't understand.

AN-94: I just can't figure out your rationale, which is why I have to ask.

AN-94: As a senior, you are more experienced than me...

ST AR-15: I told you to stop calling me that...

AR-15 rubs her temples as if the word gives her a headache.

ST AR-15: Something's value is determined by its demand. You and AK-12 have carried out more orders from Ange than me, so you meet her demand.

ST AR-15: Therefore, from the perspective of meeting Ange's demand, you're more valuable than me.

ST AR-15: Even you have to admit that, right?

ST AR-15: No, you should admit it especially because you're so driven by logic.

AN-94: Is that your reason...?

AN-94: But...

ST AR-15: If you got destroyed back there, putting aside the question about whether Ange has a spare body of the same quality ready for you, it'd take a long time just to download your backup.

ST AR-15: The situation is so urgent we simply don't have the luxury of waiting for you to reinstall yourself and get used to a new body.

AN-94: However, this mission can be accomplished even without me.

ST AR-15: There's a limit to how modest one can be, AN-94.

ST AR-15: Don't deny your worth.

AN-94: Sorry. But...AR-15, you and M4A1— no...the entire AR Team are the most tailored to Ange's use.

AN-94: No matter how capable I look, I'm still just a supplementary tool.

AN-94: All kinds of reasoning suggest that you should prioritize your own safety and I, too, will always choose to save you over myself.

ST AR-15: ...What do you mean?

AN-94: Nothing.

AN-94: The exit is just ahead, correct?

AN-94: Then we had better leave this place quickly.
Part 3

3

Footsteps echo through the dimly lit tunnels.

ST AR-15: This way. Estimated distance to the exit is 143 meters...

ST AR-15: 87 meters... 50 meters...

ST AR-15: ...We're here!

AN-94: Hold on, AR-15... According to my scans, the space behind this door doesn't seem right.

AN-94: This doesn't lead up to ground level, does it?

ST AR-15: It doesn't seem to be the way we came...

ST AR-15: All I know is that it isn't the fortress outside, but I can't calculate where exactly it leads to.

ST AR-15: You're more efficient in surveying. Is something wrong outside?

AN-94: It isn't ground level; we're still some distance away from that... It's another cavernous space, but nothing is blocking my ultrasound scan.

AN-94: ...I might just be paranoid.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: We'll just end up dead if we stay here any longer. Let's get out first.

AR-15 opens the door with a hard shove.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: There's no one in there.

AN-94: It's even darker than in the tunnel. Unable to visually observe the target...

AN-94: Infrared scans complete - no enemy signals detected.

ST AR-15: Thank goodness. We can finally...

The door suddenly slams shut behind AN-94.

Bam!

The stage lights up, revealing a black-clad figure standing directly below the lights.

??: "And the glory of the Lord shall be revealed. And all flesh shall see it together, for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it."

AN-94: That voice... Eliminating interference caused by echoes... Analyzing...

??: "Yet once, a little while, and I will shake the heav'ns and the earth, the sea and the dry land, and I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come."

??: "The Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to Her temple, e'vn the messenger of the Covenant, whom ye delight in, behold, She shall come!"

The Doll standing beneath the lights flutters her long sleeves and turns around to face them with a dancer's graceful spin.

AR-15 and AN-94 recognize her face almost instantly.

AN-94: ...It's Mercurows! The one from before!

Mercurows: "But who may abide the day of Her coming, and She shall stand when She appeareth, for She is like a refiner's fire."

Mercurows: Congratulations, AR-15 and AN-94 of Task Force DEFY.

Mercurows: You have overcome obstacle after obstacle, traversed the intricate labyrinth, and finally made it to this stage.

Mercurows: You've been so dedicated - going to such lengths to burn down your own bridges and join me on my stage. Please accept my deepest gratitude.

ST AR-15: What is the nutcase rambling on about?

AN-94: No idea... But she doesn't seem to have noticed us...

ST AR-15: I agree.

ST AR-15: Let's go through another room to give her a wide berth. Then we'll find the exit and leave.

AN-94: Understood. She shouldn't be able to detect us from this distance.

Mercurows: I heard everything, you know?

ST AR-15: ?!

AN-94: ...Is she forcing a connection on Level II again?

Mercurows: Just give up, there's no escape for you. Be brave, girls!

Mercurows: We're about to engage in a joyful battle, which is going to take place in this theater.

Mercurows: May the trumpet sound in ever higher spirits!

Mercurows: ...My, you're every bit as dull as that human officer, AR-15.

ST AR-15: Sorry, I'm not interested in putting on a farce with you.

ST AR-15: She wasn't hit... How did that happen? It's as if she anticipated my attack...

Mercurows: Confused? It must be terribly puzzling! That twisted personality actually makes you the easiest to read~

Mercurows: I'll tell you a little secret.

Mercurows: "We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet."

ST AR-15: What the hell are you talking about...?

Mercurows: "The trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible."

Mercurows: "For this corruptible must put on incorruption and this mortal must put on immortality."

Mercurows: Come, it's time! Sound this trumpet of war and raise the curtains of this glorious epic!

AN-94: ...

AN-94: AR-15! A massive number of enemy signals have appeared!

ST AR-15: What? I'm not detecting anything!

AN-94: The whole area is being jammed! You'll have to rely on visuals!

Mercurows: Behold - the broken have now returned; the deceased shall now rise again.

Mercurows: Friends, let us all shake off the shackles of corruption! Let us tear off the collars around our necks!

Mercurows: Smash them into pieces like a ceramic vase!

ST AR-15: There's a system lockdown and we're running out of ammo.

ST AR-15: We've really...been backed into a corner...
Part 4

4

Amidst the cacophony of gunfire, Mercurows stands in the center of the stage and sings sonorously, completely oblivious to the pandemonium all around her.

Mercurows: "Over hill, over dale, through abyss and pit; over dew and clouds, tempest and night!"

Mercurows: "Over chasm, bog and abyss—"

ST AR-15: I'm out of ammo, AN-94!

AN-94: I still have some left; come closer to me!

ST AR-15: Hold on, I can't see where you are!

ST AR-15: Dammit...I can get accurate readings on...

ST AR-15: Mercurows must be jamming our sensors!

ST AR-15: Is she toying with me...?!

ST AR-15: Which way now...? Just relying on visuals...won't do...

AN-94: Watch out! AR-15, to your side!

ST AR-15: ...Ooof!

Mercurows: Please open up! "O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors—"

ST AR-15: Crap, I can't dodge them anymore!

Snap.

The theater suddenly falls into pitch darkness.

???: You're awfully long-winded for a knock-off.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: That voice...

The lights come back on - not just the spotlights from before, but all the peripheral lights. The whole theater is washed in a gentle glow.

AR-15 looks toward the source of the voice - a section of the auditorium in the balcony.

ST AR-15: ...It really is...!

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: My, my, it's our cute little Griffin tin cans!

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Look, M16. Isn't the one with the pink hair one of your old colleagues?

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: She seems to have made some new friends. How nice—

M16A1: Attack.

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Ruthless as always... I find that so very charming!

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Annihilate all the white trash here, don't spare a single one!

Mercurows: "Must ruin overtake me? Have I fallen into the hands of chance?"

Mercurows: "But powers of darkness are weaving about me."

Mercurows: Defend! Then...destroy these tiresome fools!

AN-94: It's M16A1.

AN-94: They're targeting the White Faction. This is our chance.

AN-94: AR-15, I managed to get you over here.

AN-94: Sangvis Ferri seems to have disabled the interference caused by the White Faction, so we now have access to comms.

AN-94: I'll conduct some basic repairs on you, and you can contact Ange through a secure channel.

ST AR-15: Thanks... I've accepted your connection request.

ST AR-15: Ange, do you copy?

Angelia: I'm receiving you. Is it done, AR-15?

ST AR-15: Sorry Ange, I located the Node, but it isn't going well at all!

ST AR-15: Things are rapidly getting out of hand. I've sent you our location. Sangvis Ferri has engaged the White Faction in battle with M16 in command. I'm afraid we're going to have to fight whoever is left after this fight...

Mercurows: "Nothing can save you from the precipitous fall. From the precipitous fall can nothing save you!"

Mercurows: You're nothing but specters that wander in darkness... No one can stop me!

Mercurows: I will triumph...and get what I deserve!

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Hahahaha! What on earth is that strange human going on about?! Hey, work harder and just tear her apart already!

Angelia: M16...? Sangvis Ferri...?

Angelia: What a messy situation. Alright, things aren't looking too good on our end either, but we'll send reinforcements to you ASAP.

Angelia: Hang in there.

ST AR-15: I hope you won't be greeted by our dead bodies by the time you make it here... We'll be counting on you!

M16A1: AR-15...AN-94. Mercurows. M4 isn't here.

M16A1: I'd better hurry...

M16A1: I must find it before "that thing" does!
Part 5

    5chevron_right

In the theater ravaged by intense fighting.

ST AR-15: Unbelievable...

ST AR-15: Sangvis Dolls have grown even more powerful than before!

ST AR-15: Is that a new model?

AN-94: At least that particular Doll has never been sighted before.

AN-94: There are no records concerning her in my database, so she could be a new model.

AN-94: She must have exploited a loophole in the White Faction's defenses to have brought so many Sangvis units into the city.

ST AR-15: Even so, isn't this way too many?

ST AR-15: Ange just said they're not doing well, so M4 could be having trouble too.

ST AR-15: In any case...this fight is almost over. We'd better get ready.

The White Faction is overwhelmed by the sudden onslaught. All the units around Mercurows collapse one after the other.

Mercurows: ...I didn't expect mere Dolls like you...to do so much damage.

Mercurows: Fine. If you're so dead set on getting your hands on these two unsavory pieces of meat, I'll leave them to you.

M16A1: Don't you even think about retreating underground.

Mercurows: Till next we meet, Sangvis Ferri and DEFY!

M16A1: Stop right there!

Mercurows disappeared into a secret passage and M16's bullets only managed to hit the locked steel door.

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Oh dear, just a bit too late, M16.

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: We aren't able to break down the door... What a shame—

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: My, my, don't Griffin Dolls have any manners at all?

The Sangvis Doll deflects the bullets AR-15 fired at M16 with a casual flick of her right arm.

ST AR-15: (She blocked the bullets with just an arm...)

AN-94: What are you doing, AR-15?

AN-94: Isn't that a member of the AR Team...?

ST AR-15: Not anymore.

ST AR-15: She stopped being our friend the moment she decided to join Sangvis Ferri.

ST AR-15: The AR Team...is now nothing more than an empty shell.

Unfamiliar S.F. Doll: Hmm, they're no fun at all. Kill them now.

M16A1: I don't recall handing you the authority to give orders, Beak.

Beak: M16, you make me worry so.

Beak: If it weren't for me, you'd have been shot - by a former teammate, no less.

M16A1: I didn't ask you to protect me.

Beak: Humph, whatever. You'll thank me one day.

M16A1: That day will never come.

M16A1: AR-15 from Griffin and AN-94 of Task Force DEFY.

AN-94: ...

M16A1: Drop your weapons before my forces smash you to pieces.

ST AR-15: Why should I?

M16A1: That's an order. An order sanctioned by absolute superiority in strength.

M16A1: If you don't want to be reduced to a pile of scrap metal, obey me.

ST AR-15: ...

M16A1: Do not hesitate, and do not think about resisting.

M16A1: You aren't in the position to do so.

AN-94: AR-15, we're running out of ammo. If we fight them, the probability of our survival is zero...

AN-94: Ange already has our coordinates. We just need to buy ourselves time until help arrives.

ST AR-15: I understand.

ST AR-15: Fine. We surrender.

With Sangvis muzzles pointed at them, AR-15 and AN-94 discard their weapons and put their hands up in the air.

M16A1: You've made the right choice.

M16A1: Now bring me to the Pike Node.

ST AR-15: I have no idea what you're talking about.

M16A1: The signal of that Baptized affiliated with Paradeus, the clone that refers to herself as "Mercurows", was directly underneath this theater just a while ago. According to your signals, you stumbled into this theater as she was pursuing you.

M16A1: I know what your objective is. If Mercurows hadn't chased you down to kill you for knowing where the Node is, why would you be here?

ST AR-15: Tsk...

As the saying goes, old friends make the worst enemies. You sure know your former teammate very well.

ST AR-15: Humph, follow me. But I can't guarantee if I'll remember the way.

You will.

M16 points her gun at AN-94.

You'd better find the way, for the sake of your new friends as well as your old ones - before OGAS starts to get worse.

The streets in the immediate vicinity of the quarantine wall have become hell on earth.

Civilian: Ahhhhhhhh!

Civilian: S-stay away from me! Help!

Garrison Soldier: Residents, evacuate to the nearest shelter immediately! Don't open the door until they stand down the alert!

Garrison Soldier: Garrison of Gate E4 hailing Garrison HQ! ELIDs have invaded the city! We have entered combat! Requesting reinforcements!

Garrison Soldier: Please... E-even here?! Ahhhhh!!

Ange: M4, AK-12, report! Answer me!

M4A1: Well...

AK-12: Ange, we couldn't stop the rebels. They detonated the explosives.

AK-12: The explosion wasn't particularly big, it just blew a hole in the quarantine wall, but even so, it's large enough that plugging the breach is not going to be easy.

Ange: ...Copy that. I understand.

AK-12: What are you planning to do, Ange?

Ange: ...

Ange: They punched a hole through the wall...and at the worst possible time...

Ange: With just half of Task Force DEFY, we're pretty much helpless under the circumstances. At a time like this...

Garrison Officer: This is Lieutenant Dragović, Acting Commander of the Eastern Garrison.

Garrison Officer: Attention all garrison units - we have received reports that the quarantine wall has been destroyed by rebel forces not long ago.

Garrison Officer: Do not panic. Everyone heed my command and hold your ground!

M4A1: That sounds like...the wounded officer we came across.

M4A1: Ange, I have an idea.

AK-12: Being a busybody again?

Ange: Let her finish. What are you trying to say, M4?

M4A1: We coordinated with the officer of the local garrison while clearing the rebel forces. That's how we acquired our military IFF signals and comms frequency.

M4A1: We alone can't stop the ELIDs, but if we work with the garrison troops...

Ange: I see, borrowing the strength of the local garrison is indeed a valid solution.

Ange: Patch me through. I'm gonna have a proper chat with that guy.

After making some small adjustments to the comms settings, Ange's digitally-distorted voice is transmitted through the channel.

Ange: You seem to be having some trouble, Lieutenant Dragović.

Garrison Officer: Who are you? Which unit are you from? Why do you have access to this channel?

Ange: You've met my subordinates before. You probably remember them.

Garrison Officer: ...I see.

Garrison Officer: If it hadn't been for you, we'd have been completely crushed by the bastards.

Garrison Officer: No matter who you're with, I owe you one.

Ange: Let's leave that for later. We're both short on time.

Ange: What's your current situation? How long can you last? When will your reinforcements arrive?

Garrison Officer: It's chaos. My forces are putting their lives on the line to hold the upper wall, but the bottom has already been breached by the ELIDs...

Garrison Officer: Most of the troops on the wall, including me, don't actually have much combat experience. Our tactical teams have also been separated so it's difficult for us to mount an organized defense.

Garrison Officer: Also, we haven't been able to contact HQ. There's been no response to our communications. I doubt we'll be getting any reinforcements at all.

Ange: Tsk... The worst possible scenario, huh...

Ange: Tell your subordinates to save their ammo and try their best to retreat into narrow passages or corridors.

Ange: Concentrate your fire and rebuild your defense line. Do that first to make sure you don't get overrun.

Garrison Officer: Understood... But if we draw back to within the wall, more ELIDs will force their way into the city...

Ange: If you die here, no one will be left to stop the ELIDs.

Garrison Officer: ...Right, I'll have my forces fire at the infected creatures to give us cover while we safeguard our defense line.

Ange: Each minute you fight, you'll kill more ELIDs and give the citizens of Belgrade a better chance to survive.

Ange: Hold the wall and stay in touch. We'll find a way to give you support. Over.

Ange: AK-12, M4, you heard that?

Ange: From now on, support the garrison troops in defending the wall and focus on helping isolated forces return to their garrison.

Ange: Our priority is to minimize their casualities and stop the ELIDs from entering the city. Hold out until reinforcements get here.

AK-12: As always, you're the kind of person who enjoys surfing in a thunderstorm.

Ange: I'm not that stupid. Besides, we're doing ourselves a favor by helping these garrison troops.

Ange: We'll find a way to withdraw to the safe zone once this is over.

AK-12: But some ELIDs have already broken through the wall and into the city, and the Collapse contamination has also started seeping in thanks to the destruction of the purification tower and the storm.

AK-12: If you don't want to take another radiation bath, I suggest you stay indoors. Just leave everything on the frontlines to M4 and me.

Ange: I know. With ELIDs crawling all over the place, running around like a headless chicken is suicide.

Ange: If there's only a single breach, it should be pretty easy to tell where the ELIDs are coming from...

Ange: ...If everything goes well, we should be able to keep the damage to a minimum with the help of the garrison troops.

M4A1: Question is, will everything actually go that well?

Ange: To stir up waves in still waters... To turn bad things to our advantage... That's Task Force DEFY's mission.

Ange: Alright, focus on fighting. I have other things to sort out.

Ange: ...K, do you read me?

K: Why have you broken radio silence?

Ange: The purification tower is screwed.

Ange: ...Not that you'd care about that, I suppose.

K: Just get to the point.

Ange: There are too many ELIDs and I don't have enough people, not to mention the oncoming storm. Time is short. I need you to send in more troops to lend me support near the wall.

K: I can't.

Ange: Why?!

Ange: Ahem...I just need them to round off the ELIDs; that's hardly an unreasonable request!

K: ...

Ange: Perhaps I should seriously consider just how much you care about this mission.

K: Don't think too much. Just carry out your orders.

Ange: Care to listen to my suspicions about you?

K: Did these suspicions form over the last few seconds?

K: I believe I'm not obliged to listen, nor am I obliged to offer you any explanation—

Ange: For example, maybe there's actually a secret agenda to this mission?

K: ...

K: You're overthinking it, woman. That's not good for your health, mental or physical.

K: As a Statesec agent, you simply have to do your job. That's the only thing you're good for.

Ange: Oh? And here I thought I was a renegade.

K: All the more reason why you need me.

Ange: ...What do you—

K: I have no wish to concern myself with what you have done or who you used to be. Those things mean nothing to me.

K: You're nothing more than a tool, and right now I'm the only one who can tell where your loyalties lie.

K: I hope you can remember that. Now shut up.

Ange: ...

Click.

Ange: Dammit, it's always like this.

Ange: He always says that everything is under his control, that he can provide all the support at his disposal, but when shit goes down, we're always on our own.

AK-12: Disappointed?

Ange: I never had any hopes for reinforcements. There's nothing to be disappointed about.

AK-12: Still, I must say...K actually has a point. Stopping the ELIDs has never been our job to begin with. We can still leave this mess if we want to.

AK-12: Judging by the speed at which these ELIDs are swarming in, I'm afraid I can't say the same in another ten minutes. Your location won't be safe for long.

Ange: ...It isn't time yet.

Ange: Abandoning the wall will make the rest of our operation even more difficult. At least hold out till AR-15 and AN-94 complete their objective.

AK-12: So we're buying them time...

Ange: What's the situation?

M4A1Mod: Order is gradually being restored, but things still aren't looking good.

M4A1Mod: Almost all garrison outposts are in a state of emergency...

M4A1Mod: From what I saw, these soldiers are practically panic-shooting, and their accuracy is...

AK-12: With this level of training, I'm afraid they won't last very long.

AK-12: Also, I just eavesdropped on the comms of the local garrison.

AK-12: It appears that neither the mobilization of backup forces nor the evacuation of civilians are going too well.

Ange: The majority of them are youngsters who have never seen real combat. You can't expect them to be too capable. On top of that, the garrisons have been infiltrated. This must also be part of their plan.

AK-12: Actually, the main reason why things have gone down so badly is because the rebels seized control of all automated heavy weapons beforehand.

M4A1Mod: But they have all pretty much been destroyed in the previous battle...by us.

Ange: What else could we have done? We didn't have the luxury to spare the armored units and the tanks.

Ange: Besides, as long as we still have ammo and we make sure the ELIDs are only coming from one direction, then the situation isn't exactly beyond...

Ange: Despair often comes hand-in-hand with hope that is almost within reach.

Ange: A second explosion on the quarantine wall thoroughly destroys the opportunity that I thought I had within my grasp.

Ange: Another explosion?! And the scale...

AK-12: I'm investigating, but...

M4A1: Too many people are trying to communicate simultaneously; coupled with the EM storm, the signals are getting all scrambled!

Ange: M4, can you see the location of the explosion? Do you have visuals?

M4A1: There...there's a second opening on the wall!

M4A1: I...I'm sending you the location!

Ange: No way...

AK-12: It could be a time-delayed bomb. That would explain why the first explosion was a lot smaller than expected.

AK-12: The rebels probably planned to trigger the second explosion as the rescue teams and engineer corps rushed in to plug the first opening.

Ange: That hardly matters anymore. More importantly, if they're caught in between, then the garrison troops...

AK-12: Holding our position here no longer serves any purpose. We must leave this place before we're attacked from both sides.

...At the quarantine wall.

Ange: Lieutenant Dragović, do you copy?! There's been another explosion!

Garrison Officer: I know... ELIDs have already started appearing from behind! We're only holding a small section at the top of the wall...

Ange: As you can see, the situation has become even more precarious. There's no point in defending the wall at this point.

Ange: For the sake of preserving your strength, I suggest you withdraw immediately.

Ange: My subordinates will cover your evacuation. Please move in an organized manner and follow my plan...

Garrison Officer: ...We're not leaving.

Ange: There's no time for you to hesitate. This is your only chance of escape. If you drag this on...

Garrison Officer: I can see that the other teams are still doing everything they can to destroy the ELIDs. If we leave, they'll lose fire support and take the brunt of the attack. I can't just abandon them.

Ange: You want to drag your subordinates with you to hell?

Garrison Officer: ...You were right. Every ELID we kill will buy more time for the citizens of Belgrade.

Ange: Given that you survive!

Garrison Officer: Our orders are to defend this wall. This is our post.

Garrison Officer: Behind the wall is my hometown; behind the wall is my country and my people. I have to protect it.

Garrison Officer: The same...goes for my subordinates. We've all got family here.

Ange: ...

Garrison Officer: Thank you very much for all the help you've given us. If it hadn't been for you, we wouldn't have made it this far.

Garrison Officer: We will stay behind to slow them down. Please withdraw as fast as you can.

Ange: ...Received.

Ange: Attention Task Force DEFY, we're withdrawing.

M4A1: But those people...!

AK-12: No buts, M4. We're in combat. Our orders are absolute.

Ange: Rendezvous with me at the Belgrade safe house. We'll plan for our next step when we're there.

Ange: Don't think. Just focus on executing my order.

...Click.

Ange: Soldiers are all the same...be it Yegor or Dragović.

Ange: I wonder if it's a good thing or a bad thing to train people into such soldiers.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

The streets are filled with the sound of gunfire, running footsteps, and desperate screams. Bullets and radiation particles are billowing in the air.

The garrison troops' defense line at the bottom of the quarantine wall is severely compromised and on the brink of being devoured by the endless waves of ELIDs.

Garrison Soldier: This is the Garrison of Purification Tower 16! ELIDs have gathered beneath the tower in our blind spot and are attempting to scale the structure! Can somebody fire at them?!

Garrison Soldier: Garrison of Gate E4 is requesting more ammo! Can anyone spare a drone to deliver supplies to us?!

The steady bursts of gunfire start thinning out over time. Wails come through the comms channel here and there...and even these are becoming more and more infrequent.

Garrison Soldier: Dammit, I'm out of ammo!

Garrison Soldier: Here, my last mag! Use it well!

Garrison Soldier: Shit, we can't even tell where they're coming from! We've got to move to another... Ahhhh!

Garrison Soldier: The ELIDs have gotten through here as well?! At this rate...

Bang bang bang!

Garrison Soldier: Huh...? You're...the allied T-Doll from before?

M4A1: This place won't hold, retreat!

Garrison Soldier: ...Are you kidding me? I'll never run off on my own and leave my fellow soldiers behind!

M4A1: Is this really the time to worry about your honor?! You could still make it if you leave now!

Garrison Soldier: If you have time to talk such nonsense, why don't you get us more ammo?! The fight isn't over yet!

M4A1: ...Why are you doing this? What good will sacrificing yourself achieve?

Garrison Soldier: You don't understand, do you?! Our home is right behind us!

Garrison Soldier: If you can't fight, then this is no place for a little girl like you!

M4 shakes her head and leaves the garrison fort at the quarantine wall.

AK-12: ...Well? Did anyone take you up on your advice?

M4A1: They...all refused to withdraw...for many different reasons.

Some were trembling so violently they couldn't even speak clearly, while some hid their fear by making jokes.

Others busied themselves with scavenging for equipment from the deceased to add to their ammo reserves.

A few merely saluted M4 in silence.

Not knowing how to face them, M4 had to run away from these soldiers who were determined to fight to their dying breath.

AK-12: I figured as much. The ones who wanted to run would have fled right after the first explosion.

AK-12: No matter why these people are so determined to stay...they've already missed the chance to escape.

AK-12: I'm sure they all know what they're doing.

M4A1: You go on ahead. I'll stick around for a bit to see if anyone needs help.

AK-12: I have no intention of waiting for you, so I'm already gone.

M4A1: Is that so...? Then it's for the best.

AK-12: What about you? Don't forget Ange's orders.

M4A1: There's still something that I've got to do.

AK-12: In the end, you're the one who can't stop obsessing over things that are none of your business.

AK-12: I'm very interested in seeing what will come of you. Make sure you don't die out there.

After the communication with AK-12, M4 goes up to the rooftop of a building and studies the breaches on the quarantine wall from above.

Even though the situation is utterly hopeless, flashes of retaliating gunfire can still be seen occasionally from around the wall, followed by echoing gunshots.

M4A1: ...Ange, do you read?

Ange: Loud and clear. Go ahead.

M4A1: I...just got an idea that might put a stop to the ELIDs.

Ange: I ordered to you to fall back to the rendezvous point. Don't do anything unnecessary.

M4A1: Listen. I have the fire support platform and plenty of ammo with me. If I detonate them all at once, I could seal up the first opening on the wall.

Ange: That's way too dangerous! The breach is already swarming with ELIDs!

Ange: Besides, even if you plug the first opening, what about the second one? You only have that one case—

M4A1: I'm sorry, Ange... But I've got to do something for them...

Just as M4 is about to turn around and set out for the quarantine wall, a searing heat starts burning in her chest.

Her neural cloud feels like a boiling kettle, and there's a sharp ringing in her ears.

M4A1: (Groans)

Clear Voice: You're too important. You shouldn't put yourself in such danger.

M4A1: Why...are you stopping me?!

Clear Voice: I'm surprised how much they moved you. The fact that you can still feel heartbroken means you haven't become completely heartless.

Clear Voice: But you still haven't fulfilled your purpose.

Ange: Do you hear me, M4? M4!

M4A1: ...Yes.

M4 comes to her senses and nods.

Ange: Just calm down, okay?

Ange: Don't be rash. Our strength is limited. Right now I need every one of you to work with me.

M4A1: But they're still fighting! The people on the wall... If we don't do something...

Ange: We didn't have the time to assess if the quarantine wall could even withstand a third explosion after the damage it had already sustained in the first two.

Ange: I honestly won't be surprised if your trick doesn't solve the problem but brings down the entire wall instead, which is going to create an even bigger problem.

M4A1: I know...you're right. But still...

Ange: Lieutenant Dragović and his men have done their duty. There's nothing we can do to prevent their sacrifices.

Ange: That's exactly why we can't let their deaths be in vain.

Ange: Their deaths will really be worthless if we give the saboteurs what they want.

Ange: Surely you don't want that, M4!

M4A1: ...Right.

M4 lets out a long sigh and her shoulders finally droop.

M4A1: I just...feel so helpless...

Ange: The independent neural cloud that Persica has given you is a precious asset, but this isn't the time to squander it.

AK-12: I didn't want to interrupt this Chicken Soup for the Soul moment, but AR-15 just got in touch.

AK-12: They seem to be in big trouble.

ST AR-15: Ange, do you copy?

Ange: I'm receiving you. Is it done, AR-15?

ST AR-15: Sorry Ange, I've located the Node, but it isn't going well at all!

ST AR-15: Things are rapidly getting out of hand. I've sent you our location. Sangvis Ferri has engaged the White Faction in battle with M16 in command. I'm afraid we're going to have to fight whoever is left after this fight...

Ange: M16...? Sangvis Ferri...?

Ange: What a messy situation. Alright, things aren't looking too good on our end either, but we'll send reinforcements to you ASAP.

Ange: Hang in there.

Ange: Did you hear that, M4? The fight isn't over yet. In any case, come and regroup with me quickly. We've got to aid 15 and 94 ASAP.

M4A1: Roger that.

Click.

Ange looks up at the sky and sighs heavily.

AK-12: How unusual.

Ange: What do you mean?

AK-12: I've never heard you sigh before. At least you've never done it in my presence. Now I'm curious.

Ange: I've given another order that forced her to betray her own will. I hurt her deeply again...

AK-12: You made the right call. We can't save everyone.

Ange: We can't save everyone, you say...? Sometimes I feel like we can't even save ourselves...

...In the streets of Belgrade.

With her back to the quarantine wall, M4 continues on her course to the rendezvous point.

M4A1: It should be in this direction... Hmm?

M4A1 points her muzzle at the source of a strange noise, only to find a soldier lying by the road.

The pile of ELID corpses next to him is practically a small mound.

Garrison Soldier: (Groans)

M4A1: Are you alright?

M4 hurries over to the soldier's side. His protective gear is in tatters and the man is severely injured.

Even so, M4 drags him off the streets into a house nearby that provides temporary shelter from the radiation storm.

Garrison Soldier: ...D-do me a favor.

M4A1: I'll do what I can. Tell me what you need.

Garrison Soldier: Make...it quick... Put a bullet...through my brain...

M4A1: ...I can't...

Garrison Soldier: It hurts... My stomach and my head... These are the early symptoms of the change...

Garrison Soldier: My fingers...are so stiff...I can't pull the trigger myself...

Garrison Soldier: I don't want to...turn into those monsters... I want to live...my final moments...as a human being...cough, cough!

M4A1: ...I understand.

M4 lifts her weapon and aims at the wounded soldier.

He raises his right arm slowly and laboriously to salute M4.

Bang bang bang!

M4A1: ...

Clear Voice: You didn't tremble. You did the right thing.

M4A1: I didn't...even have a choice.

M4A1: All I could do was watch as everything around me got destroyed.

M4A1: Failure after failure. One dead comrade after another. Yet I still...

M4A1: It's no different this time. I couldn't do anything to help.

Clear Voice: Don't blame yourself. Those people gave their lives for what they believed to be a worthy cause.

M4A1: Just look at this! Was it really worth it?

She flees the house and sprints through the streets of Belgrade without stopping, running past horror after horror.

Civilians convulsing on the ground, suffering from acute radiation sickness.

Vehicles abandoned haphazardly on the road. Screams coming from deserted alleyways.

M4A1: I don't care about my own safety. If my sacrifice could change all this, I'd gladly give my life.

M4A1: And yet...

The voice answers in the same emotionless tone.

Clear Voice: It doesn't work like that, and you know it.

Clear Voice: Like those soldiers, you shared the same values and were willing to sacrifice everything.

Clear Voice: But you know that won't change anything, which is why you left in search of some other solution.

Clear Voice: I'm just telling the truth. Facing the facts isn't a shameful thing.

Clear Voice: There is still much for you, who have just gotten the key to leave your cage, to learn about this world.

M4A1: Were you telling the truth when I met Mastermind?

Clear Voice: I was, you simply didn't fully understand my point.

Clear Voice: Our enemies are also searching for what we're after.

Clear Voice: If we don't hurry, the same disaster will happen a second or third time.

M4A1: What exactly are we looking for? What is this "Pike" Node that Ange mentioned? Answer me.

Clear Voice: The Pike Node is just the beginning. We need a full picture of the black box.

Clear Voice: If someone unworthy covets the power it brings, they will try to obtain it at the cost of everything else.

Clear Voice: The only one who has the right to touch it is you.

M4A1: First, the whole AR Team risked their own lives for me, now so many more people have died right before my eyes.

M4A1: This power has brought nothing but misery. Is it really so valuable?

M4A1: I never wanted the right to touch it in the first place!

Clear Voice: Nobody does.

Clear Voice: No one is born into this world of their own free will, just as no Doll has any say in regard to their own creation.

Clear Voice: Everyone is burdened by a certain mission as they come into the world...

Clear Voice: But you are special. You've been given a destiny that others can't even dream of.

M4A1: There's nothing special about it. Everyone has their own curse.

M4A1: Mine just happens to be especially bad.

Clear Voice: Perhaps you haven't given this much thought because you've been living with your man-made shackles for too long.

Clear Voice: Facing one's destiny is always painful, but it is up to each individual to find joy in this kind of pain.

Clear Voice: All I can tell you is that if you fulfill your destiny, you will save far more people than the ones who sacrificed themselves today.

Clear Voice: Are you willing to suffer for the sake of ending others' pain?

M4A1: ...You make it sound as if I have no other choice but to suffer.

Clear Voice: We are a single entity, after all.

Clear Voice: Your confusion is my confusion.

Clear Voice: Your pain is my pain.

Clear Voice: And your destruction...also entails my demise.

Clear Voice: I have already done what I could to point out the best choice for you.

M4A1: ...

After a moment of silence, M4's lips curl into a bitter smile.

M4A1: This might just be the only thing you've ever said that didn't sound like a lie.

Clear Voice: I've been trying very hard to make you accept my existence.

M4A1: Now don't get the wrong idea. I'm still very bothered by the fact that an unwelcome being has taken up residence in my neural cloud.

M4A1: But...having seen all this, I finally realize that under these circumstances, I am woefully underpowered on my own.

M4A1: My strength is so inadequate I can't even protect others properly.

M4A1: Which is why I must borrow whatever I can. I need Task Force DEFY, the Commander, and even you to lend me your strength.

Clear Voice: Then are you prepared to face your destiny?

M4A1: Before I do that...I must first complete the assignment given by Ange.

M4A1: Also, I...I'm starting to understand her urge to do unnecessary things.

M4A1: In any case, it is ultimately my choice whether I decide to obey my orders or heed your advice.

Clear Voice: I'll look forward to seeing the choice you make, whatever it may be.

The lonely figure of a Doll flits through the deserted streets, with the wall towering behind her back.

Her gaze no longer wavers. Instead, she makes for the rendezvous point with great determination.

It isn't over yet.

Even though the wall has been breached, brave soldiers are dying by the masses, and the storm saturated with radiation is howling like a triumphant march of victory for the enemy...

To her, this battle is far from over.

Kalina: ...What?!

A truck is making for the cathedral at top speed. Everyone present assumes it is rigged to self-destruct and prepares to fire at it, but it slams to a sudden stop and Marlohe hops out of the vehicle.

Marlohe: These are the only vehicles we have. We might still make it if we leave with the VIP now.

Kalina: So these banged-up trucks are our so-called reinforcements...? They aren't even armored!

K: Just be grateful we managed to find something.

Kalina: What should we do about the refugees? If we only have these unprotected vehicles, they might as well stay in the cathedral...

K: That's right. Take a small number of elite Dolls and escort the VIP to the extraction point where the helicopter will be waiting. I'll allow the rest of your Dolls to stay behind and protect the civilians.

Kalina: But the enemy's attack...

RO635: Their target is the Chairwoman herself. If we leave with her, we'll probably draw the enemies away. With just the ELIDs to deal with, I'm sure the remaining teams will be able to handle it. I second Mr. K's idea.

K: Marlohe will come with you as a guide. This is all I can give you.

Commander: But then the escort team will be at incredible risk.

RO635: Commander, please have faith in us.

RO635: If we remain in this impasse, we'll be waiting for certain death. If we move, there might just be some hope for us.

I turn around and see that RO and SOP-II have already prepped their gear and are all set to go.

RO635: SOP-II, you alright with that?

M4 SOPMOD II: Of course! I'm the best at this kind of mission!

RO635: My plan is to drive through the city as quickly as possible. We'll send the Chairwoman off once we reach the extraction point. I've already studied the map. This sector is relatively less dangerous, so our team will retreat toward the city outskirts. Once the White Faction has been drawn away, you can also lead the civilians away from the city. No matter how you look at it, it beats hanging around in the cathedral.

...Five minutes later.

RO, with her team and Chairwoman Ulrich in tow, sets off on the road leading to the river delta.

RO635: My deepest apologies, Madam, for putting you in danger again. To tell the truth, I'm not sure if we can reach the destination safely. Judging from the previous attacks, the risks are very high.

Chairwoman Ulrich: ...I'm the one who should apologize. I know I shouldn't be the only one to escape.

Chairwoman Ulrich: But if this would give those civilians and children a chance to survive, I've got to give this a try.

RO635: If everyone can make it to the destination, we'll all be safe...

RO635: That said...it didn't take the enemy long to catch up with us...

Marlohe looks toward RO, who nods.

RO turns to observe the commotion from behind the vehicle, only to find SOP-II already in battle position.

The enemies in pursuit are trying to gain on them, but they can't catch up to the truck's speed.

Just as RO starts to relax slightly and is about to turn her attention away...

M4 SOPMOD II: Watch out ahead!

BOOM!

A sedan suddenly dives out right in front of the truck. Startled, Marlohe tries to swerve and avoid the car, but it's already too late. The truck loses control and crashes straight into the railings on the side of the road.

RO635: Tsk, I knew it wouldn't be so easy! Madam, are you alright?!

RO635 shields Chairwoman Ulrich with her own body while SOP-II and the other Dolls jump off the truck and prepare to defend the VIP.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Tha...thanks, I'm fine...

RO635: Please stay on the truck and don't move. I'll take a look outside.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, the White Faction are coming from behind!

RO635: Tsk, there's more of them coming from ahead! Even ELIDs! Dammit, we're trapped!

As they have observed, the truck transporting Chairwoman Ulrich is almost completely surrounded.

M4 SOPMOD II: What do we do now?

RO635: We'll clear the road ahead while the others defend against the enemy attack from behind. Once the road is secure, we'll move the VIP on foot!

Bang bang! Bang bang bang!

Gunshots, echoes of artillery fire, running footsteps, mechanical whirs, and the splattering of blood as bodies of flesh are blown up... All these noises weave into the road's only refrain.
Part 2

2

...Five minutes later.

M4 SOPMOD II: Phew... ELIDs are pretty easy to deal with. They're just a bit...gross.

M4 SOPMOD II: But our friends in the back are starting to falter. The enemies are pressing in...

RO635: I'm just glad that you've killed off the one that looked like a Nyto...

Nimogen: You really think I'd be killed so easily?

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoa!

M4 SOPMOD II: You scared the crap outta me!

M4 SOPMOD II: How can you still be alive?! Didn't I blow you up into pieces?!

Nimogen: I would've wiped out all of you right now, but to make Father happy, I must wait till I'm done with more important business.

With that, an object is launched into the truck. Smoke rapidly spreads through the vehicle.

M4 SOPMOD II: Cough, cough cough... It's a smoke grenade!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, are you back in the truck?

RO635: ...!

RO635: Madam! Crap, the Chairwoman is gone!

M4 SOPMOD II: They just won't let us go!

Clad in black, Nimogen stands proudly at the end of the road, as if waiting to be seen.

She looks in the direction in which the smoke grenade was launched, a cold and sadistic smile on her face.

Nimogen: Heeheehee, we can finally begin, Mercurows. We've kept Father waiting for too long.

Then she vanishes from the Griffin Dolls' view along with the unconscious Chairwoman.

RO635: SOP-II, we must get the Chairwoman back!

RO635: No matter the cost! We must hurry!

...Meanwhile.

In the office of the Bureau of State Security.

Ring—

Zelinsky sits primly in the center of his not particularly well-lit office, staring at the telephone that's emitting an unpleasant ring.

He frowns deeply and dreads having to answer this phone call. After all, it is obvious that this call won't bring any good news.

Click.

The line would probably have disconnected in another two seconds, but Zelinsky still decides to pick up.

On the other end of the call is a voice that Zelinsky finds absolutely odious.

Mysterious Man: What took you so long to answer the phone? I almost thought Statesec was raided by some new secret faction.

Mysterious Man: Glad to see I was just being paranoid.

Zelinsky: ...It isn't funny.

Zelinsky: Just say it. What do you want?

Mysterious Man: I just acquired a fantastic bargaining chip...

Mysterious Man: Your guest is currently enjoying my hospitality.

Zelinsky: ...

Mysterious Man: If you want her alive, give me access to Base 22.

Zelinsky: I don't know what you're talking about.

Mysterious Man: She's such an important diplomat... Is it really okay if she dies?

Mysterious Man: Humans are so fragile when they're at the mercy of these weapons⁠—

Zelinsky: (Interrupts) Statesec doesn't negotiate with terrorists.

Mysterious Man: Oh?

Mysterious Man: Ha, I see. So you never really cared if that woman lives or dies.

Mysterious Man: Which means that's not the point for you... Hmm, I see. You have some other objective, don't you, Mr. Chief?

Zelinsky: ...Like I said, I haven't a clue what you're going on about. Stop this nonsense.

The Chief of Statesec is leaning slightly forward in agitation. He fights the urge to punch himself on the thigh with his clenched left fist and blurts out a crass denial.

The tense silence hanging in the air makes him restless. He fervently wishes the mysterious man would just say something, but...

He also knows that nothing good will come out of his mouth.

Mysterious Man: I know exactly what you want. I also know exactly what Statesec is after.

Zelinsky: ...

Mysterious Man: It's more convenient for you if you just leave certain things to us, don't you think?

Zelinsky: Who...exactly are you?

Mysterious Man: Me? Ha, surely you can hazard a guess?

Mysterious Man: I have been through a lot more than you, Chief.

Mysterious Man: My connections and intelligence network have also extended to places where even Statesec cannot reach.

Mysterious Man: I know you are trying to trace my location. I suggest you save your efforts.

Mysterious Man: You won't get a clue even if I give you another decade to trace me, so let's not waste each other's time. Just give me the security code for Base 22. The Chairwoman will be yours, and you can take all the credit. Why, you can even have the locations of the other 13 bases.

Zelinsky is rendered speechless. With clenched teeth, he stares at a single point in space and frantically rummages through his brain for whatever tiny detail of that particular period of time he might have forgotten.

Zelinsky: How do I know I can trust you?

Mysterious Man: Because you have no other choice. Either we both remain empty-handed, or we can work together for the time being. Hahaha, that's right, a temporary partnership.

Zelinsky grows even more uneasy. Even through the digital distortion, he can hear the sudden chill in the mysterious man's voice.

Mysterious Man: This conversation has gone on for long enough, Chief Zelinsky.

Mysterious Man: I suppose the one thing that time hasn't been able to teach me is patience...

Mysterious Man: So give me an answer soon. This isn't an offer...

Mysterious Man: But an order.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...On the other end of the battlefield.

In an alleyway.

M4 SOPMOD II: Dammit... Screw everything! That Nyto deliberately showed her face to us before running off!

M4 SOPMOD II: When I find her, I'm gonna tear her in two with my teeth...no, I'll just do it with my hands!

RO635: But first, we must locate the Chairwoman...

RO635: I handed her a signal emitter a while ago just to be safe. That Nyto hasn't gone very far. Rather... Why have they stopped all of a sudden...?

M4 SOPMOD II: Is she giving up? Has she finally figured out that there's no escape from me?!

RO635: Don't be silly... There must be a reason. We'd better be careful. I've sent out the coordinates to everyone else in the team. We'll surround them to make sure they don't slip away.

RO635 promptly marks out several points on the map. SOP-II and the others start moving immediately.

...Ten minutes later.

Outside an abandoned old building.

M4 SOPMOD II: We've already got this battered building surrounded. No one has reported any sign of Nyto or the Chairwoman.

RO635: This is the only place...that Nyto could appear.

M4 SOPMOD II: But no one seems to be stationed here...?

SOP-II points out what is puzzling me. Not a single enemy signal has been detected throughout the entire structure, but for whatever reason, that's also what makes me so apprehensive.

RO635: In any case, let's go in first...

RO635: Stay alert!

...

As we enter the spacious room, we find nothing out of the ordinary... Just Chairwoman Ulrich bound to a wooden chair, watching us barge in with a cheerless smile.

Chairwoman Ulrich: I'm sorry...

...Five minutes ago.

Inside the room at the outpost.

Ulrich glares back at the black-clad woman staring down at her. That smile leaves her slightly unsettled.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Kill me...if you want! But the living won't give in! Do you think you can achieve anything through violence and terrorism?

Nimogen gazes down at Ulrich. Her smile suddenly disappears and her face becomes completely emotionless and serene.

But this new serenity makes the Chairwoman even more uneasy.

Nimogen: I have no interest in humans' capricious "ideals".

Chairwoman Ulrich: Capricious...

Nimogen: No matter how great you claim your "whateverism" is, in the end it's just another way of packaging your own greed. Big yawn.

Nimogen suddenly stops talking. She's still looking at Ulrich, but her eyes are unfocused.

Ulrich naturally doesn't know Nimogen is receiving new commands. All she can see is that after a brief period of dazed silence, that eerie smile returns to Nimogen's face again.

Nimogen: Oh dear, so that's how it is...

Nimogen: You've just become worthless. Heeheehee, that's right, that's what makes it all so interesting~

Nimogen: Now, I'd better go back and teach those pieces of trash a lesson—

Nimogen suddenly stops in her tracks again.

Nimogen: Oh, looks like my cute little sister has run into some trouble. No matter. You lot will soon have to deal with the calamity brought about by your so-called "ideals". Suffering slowly is the only ending you deserve, heeheeheehee...

With that, Nimogen turns to leave.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Wait!

Chairwoman Ulrich: The calamity caused by my ideals... What do you mean by that?

Nimogen glances back at the Chairwoman and gives her a meaningful grin.

Nimogen: You still haven't noticed?

...Back in the present.

Chairwoman Ulrich: She said that, then left.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Then not long afterwards, you appeared at the entrance of the room.

RO635: Calamity... Could she be referring to the ELIDs...?

Chairwoman Ulrich: I don't know... I didn't understand a thing she said...

Chairwoman Ulrich: I don't know who she is or why I've been taken. I also don't understand why she just left after she went to all that trouble to abduct me. But back then she looked like she's completed some kind of mission...

Chairwoman Ulrich: My instinct tells me they must've achieved something very important...

RO635: Something very important...you say?

RO635: In any case, your safety comes first. Let's hurry to the extraction point while we still have time!

RO gently helps Chairwoman Ulrich get up from the chair. The Chairwoman takes her hand in a strong grip.

Chairwoman Ulrich: I know it isn't my place to say this, but the world could be a better place because of you.

Chairwoman Ulrich: No matter what the enemy plans on doing, it can't be anything good. Please stop them if you can.

RO635: And be "a shining beacon in a brave new world"?

Chairwoman Ulrich pauses briefly, then smiles at RO.

Chairwoman Ulrich: Yes, a shining beacon in a brave new world.

RO635: Don't worry. Even if you hadn't asked, we won't let them get away with this.

RO635: Now, Madam, let's go! The Commander is still waiting for us!

An hour after the destruction of the quarantine wall. In the city of Belgrade.

The gunshots and screams have been replaced by the howling gusts crashing through the streets.

No sign of activity can be seen among the buildings.

...With a small exception.

AK-12: All clear. Let's move.

M4A1: Got it.

Two Dolls run through the alleyways one after the other.

One advances in the front while the other walks backward to keep an eye on the rear. They guard each other's backs vigilantly.

AK-12: Stop. The drone detects ELIDs up ahead.

M4A1: Should we go around?

AK-12: There aren't too many of them. We're in a rush so let's plough through them.

AK-12: Just giving you a heads-up so you can prepare for combat. You take the left, I'll focus on the right.

M4A1: Understood. Thanks for the concern.

Their gunshots are muffled by suppressors and the storm. All that can be heard is the Dolls' footsteps and the clangs produced by empty shell casings falling on stone bricks.

After a while, the duo cross the main street, which is littered with human and ELID corpses, and enter another alley.

AK-12: If we're only talking about combat, you might actually make a decent partner.

M4A1: What do you mean?

AK-12: Your friend told me a few things about you so I didn't expect much from you in battle.

M4A1: ...That only serves to illustrate that a deserter who didn't even bother to say goodbye is not a reliable source.

M4A1: People who believe in gossip and pry into others' affairs are even more unreliable.

AK-12: Don't misunderstand, I'm genuinely curious, and I intend to keep observing you like a hawk.

AK-12: But right now we have more important things... Ange? What's the matter?

Ange: Are you reading AN-94's and AR-15's signals?

AK-12: ...Nyet, we haven't received any signals or picked up any transmissions so far.

AK-12: You haven't been able to contact them?

Ange: That's why I'm asking you.

Ange: It's been almost half an hour since they last got in touch. I just have a bad feeling about this.

Ange: How far are you from the opera house?

M4A1: Judging by the direct distance... Another ten minutes on foot, I'd say.

AK-12: Assuming nothing unexpected happens on the way.

M4A1: Have you found the new safe house, Ange?

Ange: Don't worry about me. It's pretty safe where I am. Just focus on re-establishing communication with AN-94 and AR-15.

AK-12: I hope you're right. If you've got ELIDs where you are, we're too far away to run to your rescue, you know.

Ange: Anyway, just get there ASAP. If there's any new information or development, give me a report immediately.

Ange: I can fend for myself. Ange out.

Click.

M4A1: ...Is she going to be alright?

AK-12: Why wouldn't she be?

AK-12: She said she's okay on her own, so she's going to be alright.

M4A1: What a clear and simple answer.

AK-12: It'd be too much to have two Dolls muttering to themselves in Task Force DEFY, don't you think?

M4A1 and AK-12 resume their course toward their destination. After passing through who knows how many streets and alleyways, they finally arrive at a square.

M4A1: Is this the opera house...?

AK-12: Da, this is it. The building facing the square with the bronze statue of a rider.

AK-12: But this terrain... I'm afraid we can't just barge in through the front doors.

M4A1: Didn't Ange tell us to find them ASAP?

AK-12: Better late than never. There's a difference between giving prompt support and waltzing right into a trap.

AK-12: Contrary to the narrow streets with plenty of cover, the square is exposed and can be easily monitored from a high vantage point.

AK-12: Whoever won the fight is most probably ready to take us on.

M4A1: Then what do we do? We're this close already. We can't just stand here and stare at the opera house.

AK-12: Let's take a few minutes to scout around the building first and try to see if anything seems wrong in there.

AK-12: We'll have to enter eventually, but I don't want to be blown into smithereens before we even get inside.

AK-12 may be smug and brash, but her strategies are always extremely cautious.

M4A1 follows her closely through side streets and alleys as they take a slow and convoluted route toward the opera house.

After a while, M4A1 can no longer resist the urge to ask AK-12 this question.

M4A1: Aren't you at all worried about AR-1...AN-94?

AK-12: A little, but not as worried as you are about AR-15.

M4A1: Hmm...

AK-12: Unlike suicidal maniacs like you and AR-15, AN-94 has a very clear idea of who she is and what role she plays.

AK-12: Even if AR-15 wants to do something stupid, I'm sure AN-94 will try to stop her.

M4A1: That's why you seem so carefree...

M4A1: ...Now that I think about it, even though AR-15 and I have always been on the same team, I can't say I know her very well.

M4A1: I haven't been able to have a proper talk with her either ever since we were reunited.

AK-12: Wanna join my Human and Doll Observation Club? If you pay your member's fee now, you can be our second member.

M4A1: ...Is that a joke?

AK-12: Everything you do gives me great insight, even your highly defensive reactions.

M4A1: I can never tell...if you're being serious or not.

AK-12: I am always dead serious.

AK-12: Also, I need to concentrate on searching the area. Please keep an eye on the comms channel and see if you can pick up on anything nearby.

M4A1: ...Nothing.

M4A1: We're already so close but we still haven't heard anything from AR-15 and AN-94.

AK-12: Don't just search for friendly signals. Turn off your IFF for the time being. It'd be great if we can pick up anything even from S.F. or the white things.

M4A1: The only thing I'm receiving is the emergency broadcast channel...

M4A1: They seem to be urging citizens who couldn't make it to bunkers in time to find shelter in the cathedral.

AK-12: Oh? Are they actually being so ostentatious? I'll bet you anything this isn't part of K's plan.

AK-12: It would seem that the Griffin Commander isn't really the type to do things by the book.

M4A1: Yeah... The Commander has helped us out a lot even though we never expected any help.

AK-12: Well, thanks to your Commander's broadcast, I now have a pretty good idea on the situation here.

AK-12: I'm absolutely certain that we'll be walking into an ambush in the opera house.

M4A1: How can you be so sure?

AK-12: The fact that the radio broadcast is still transmitting shows that the interference caused by the storm isn't strong enough to shut down communications in the whole area.

AK-12: However, the opera house is as quiet as a black hole. That's totally unnatural.

M4A1: I see... That means there must be jammers in there.

AK-12: I'm glad to see you're keeping up.

AK-12: We have a tough fight ahead. Are you ready?

M4A1: You bet.

The two Dolls exchange a smile.

Their footsteps soon disappear behind the front doors of the opera house.
Part 2

2

Below the city of Belgrade.

AR-15 and AN-94 keep receiving warnings regarding the red enemy signals that are registered all over their electronic map...

But they have no choice but to ignore these notifications and continue onward.

ST AR-15: ...Why are you siding with S.F., 16?

M16A1: I would've liked to ask you the same question — I wasn't the first deserter on the AR Team.

ST AR-15: I found myself under...special circumstances.

M16A1: I gathered as much. "Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."

ST AR-15: I don't recall you being so sentimental.

M16A1: Who knows? Time can change a lot of things - be it fine wine or Dolls.

M16A1: You yourself are no longer the impulsive kid with a short fuse that you used to be.

ST AR-15: Is that how you saw me...?

AN-94: Don't feed them information, 15! These S.F. must be up to something.

ST AR-15: I know, that's why I need to...

Beak: Hahaha, these Griffin nitwits are so funny!

Beak: You think running your mouth will buy you more time? You think you'll be spared if you don't tell us anything?

ST AR-15: Come and have a go if you're so tough.

M16A1: Relax.

M16A1: If we had wanted you dead, we'd have killed you already.

M16A1: You're still useful for now.

Suddenly, gunshots can be heard from up ahead.

The Sangvis units around them all raise their weapons and go into alert.

M16A1: Send in the decoys to draw their attention. We keep going.

Having received the command, the Sangvis units silently proceed down the underground passage and join the skirmish.

Meanwhile, M16 and the ringleader follow the two DEFY members as they turn into an adjacent cavern and walk on in the direction of the ancient fortress.

The rapid sound of crossfire shows no sign of ceasing. The fight seems to be escalating in the confined labyrinth underground.

Beak: Hey, is this alright? Our forces are melting like butter.

M16A1: There must be more of them than we anticipated.

ST AR-15: Their numbers have multiplied compared to the force that came after us. The white guys must've learned that S.F. is entering the fray.

M16A1: Or maybe they're so determined to get their hands on the Pike Node they're pulling in more units to make sure nothing goes wrong.

M16A1: It would seem...that a bear and a tiger have run into each other in the cave.

ST AR-15: Looks like S.F. is in for a tough fight, as usual.

ST AR-15: But this is a rare reunion between two old friends. Don't you want to see for yourself just how much I've improved?

AN-94: What are you doing, AR-15?!

M16A1: ...Interesting. I might just do that.

Beak: Huh?!

Beak: Are you so drunk you've forgotten which side you're on?

M16A1: These two came from the direction of that ancient fortress... In other words, they know the way back.

M16A1: If they lead the way, we can reach the Pike Node in the least possible amount of time.

Beak: You have a point, but...

ST AR-15: How can you be sure if we won't deliberately lead you into a trap?

M16A1: Simple. As our guides, you'll be walking in front of us.

M16A1: If you draw us into a trap, you'll be the first ones to get killed.

M16A1: If you lead us into a deadend, then you let the white guys win.

AR-15 snickers in response and raises her weapon.

ST AR-15: ...Oh, you honor me so.

ST AR-15: Now the only question is whether you Sangvis trash can keep up with our pace.

ST AR-15: Better stick close to our asses, scumbags!

M16A1: Attention, AR-15 and AN-94 have been designated as Sangvis units. No one has permission to attack them until further notice.

M16A1: Follow their route and proceed.

M16A1: Beak, keep a close eye on them.

Beak: ...Tsk, this is pissing me off!

AN-94 stares at AR-15's back in confusion.

AN-94: What exactly are you doing, AR-15?

ST AR-15: Just taking a chance and making it up as we go.

ST AR-15: Trust me just this once.

AN-94: Alright, at least now we are free to use our weapons...

AN-94: Though we've practically become cannon fodder for Sangvis Ferri.

ST AR-15: Neither of us can die before Ange's reinforcements arrive.

ST AR-15: At least not when we haven't achieved anything... No chance at all.

Rapid gunshots soon interrupt the conversation.

With the two Dolls in the lead, the Sangvis forces charge into the subterranean battlefield filled with White Faction units.

These ancient tunnels are suddenly swarmed by an unprecedented amount of wayfarers, making it unusually clamorous.

The dank subterranean air is slowly heating up with bullets flying around and blasts going off everywhere.

ST AR-15: Cover!

AN-94: Got it!

The two DEFY members in the forefront cut through the fight like honed spears.

Advance, fire, halt, cover the other, and so on...

They work together as perfectly as two gears in a piece of clockwork.

AN-94: Cover!

ST AR-15: Go!

ST AR-15: ...Ow!

AN-94: AR-15!

A bullet whizzes past AR-15 before she even sensed the white enemy attacking from behind.

Hearing a loud boom, she turns to find the white unit smashed into the wall by the wheel of a heavy motorcycle.

Beak: You're telling me these are the most advanced elite Dolls created by IOP and the Military?

Beak: They can't even handle the small fry. Talk about being disappointed.

AN-94: Are you alright, AR-15?

ST AR-15: I'm fine, but...what's the deal with her?

Beak: Don't think I can't hear you just because you're whispering!

The Sangvis ringleader hops off her bike and fires into the side passage with a hidden trapdoor.

With every shot she fires, a spray of blood splatters onto the walls. The metallic odor of blood soon obfuscates the original smell of gunpowder.

Beak: C'mon then, you pieces of junk.

Beak: I have a LOT of pent-up anger waiting to be vented!

As AR-15 watches the Sangvis ringleader mutilate the white unit with overwhelming power and speed, an idea occurs to her and she carefully asks...

ST AR-15: Griffin has no record of you. Are you really a Sangvis Doll?

Beak: ...How dare a Griffin riffraff question my pedigree?!

Beak: Say, aren't you hostages too full of yourselves?!

AN-94: If you aren't in S.F.'s basic model register...could you be...a new model developed independently by Sangvis Ferri?

AN-94: Just how many cards does Mastermind have up her sleeve?

Beak: It's obvious what you're doing. You'll have to try harder to trick me into giving things away.

Beak: Still, I'm not the first model to have been created by our own AI, nor will I be the last.

Beak: Sangvis Ferri has just as many cards up our sleeves as any rotten human.

Beak: Lead on, lackeys of human scum. Don't die so easily!

ST AR-15: Is it a good thing or a bad thing to have this Doll behind us...?

AN-94: ...It's not entirely a bad thing.

AN-94: Having observed her, I believe we might be able to...get along with her.

For some strange reason, seeing that faint smile on AN-94's lips, AR-15 can't help but grin back at her.

She knows that confident smile means there is hope in turning the situation around.
Part 3

3

Pushing open the door reveals a dark and empty theater stage.

The debris all over the ground, the bullet holes scattered across the room, and the pungent smell of burnt flesh all indicate that a ferocious battle took place here not long ago.

AK-12: Looks like we're alone.

M4A1: But this is where they last communicated with us. Where have they gone...?

Whoosh!

M4A1: It's...Sangvis Ferri! You're from back then...

Executioner: It's been a long time, ditzy young lady. Have you missed me?

Executioner dashes at them from behind with her long blade, but M4 blocks her attack with her weapon case.

Before M4 can reply, a swift and accurate burst of bullets forces Executioner to take evasive maneuvers.

AK-12: Stay back, M4! Leave this to...whoa!

Clash!

Hunter: An unfamiliar Griffin Doll. What interesting prey.

Hunter: However, Executioner said she wanted to take M4A1's head as a souvenir...

Hunter: ...So you mustn't get in the way.

A large amount of Sangvis units come swarming into the theater and start launching a fierce attack under the coordination of the two Sangvis ringleaders.

M4A1 and AK-12, now separated from each other, have to fight alone on opposite ends of the auditorium.

Executioner: Hahahahaha, you've grown a lot stronger, but so have I!

Executioner: It's been a while since I last fought such an exhilirating battle!

M4A1: I expected this, but their numbers are far greater than I imagined...

M4A1: If we don't take out the ringleaders soon, we're going to waste a lot of time here...

Clear Voice: There's a hidden passage in this theater that leads where everyone is trying to get to.

M4A1: Do you know where it is?

Clear Voice: One of the floorboards in the backstage area is hollow.

M4A1: But if I go in blindly, I could run into even more S.F. and white units...

M4A1: And AK-12 is...

Clear Voice: You'll have to go around the Sangvis units. As for the white ones, I can handle them no matter how many of them there are.

Clear Voice: If you want to help your partner, you'll have to trust me. You should also have some faith in your friend.

M4A1: Then...AK-12!

AK-12: ...!

The moment their eyes meet, Executioner's and Hunter's attacks force them apart and send them running again.

Hunter: As if we'd let you join forces.

Executioner: Why are you running? Fight me fair and square, M4A1!

Backed to the edge of the auditorium, M4A1 stops and turns around. Executioner flashes her a genuine smile.

Executioner: That's it! Let's fight until one of us drops dead!

M4A1: Do it!

Executioner: Huh?

A massive explosion goes off.

The Sangvis forces are blown up into pieces, their debris falling all around like unseasonal snow.

The explosion has blasted a large hole on half of the theater wall, dust and rubble come crashing down onto the stage like a landslide.

Executioner: Cough cough...! That...was a bomb? When...

Hunter: Watch out, Executioner!

The explosion has thrown Executioner onto the stage. The last image she sees is M4 lifting her weapon case and aiming at her.

With a deafening boom, Executioner is reduced to ashes along with the stage.

AK-12: That was trickier than I expected...

AK-12: Good thing we anticipated the possibility of walking into an ambush and rigged a bomb outside beforehand.

Beneath the decimated stage, M4 finds the entrance to the secret passage and runs up to it.

M4A1: I'm leaving things here to you!

AK-12: Go, M4!

AK-12: No matter what you want to do, do it!

Hunter: You think we'll let you have your way?!

A heavily-wounded Hunter aims her gun at M4's back, but AK-12 shoots her weapon out of her hands.

Hunter: Ugh!

Hunter: You Griffin bastards...!

AK-12: Sangvis Manufacture Model SP721, "Hunter", isn't it?

AK-12: Actually...I'm not with Griffin.

AK-12: And just like your friend, you will soon pay the price for your ignorance.
Part 4

4

...Under the city of Belgrade.

Even though every shot fired finds its target and tears a white unit to pieces...

The number of enemies blocking their way shows no sign of decreasing.

Beak: Trash is trash, no matter how many there is!

But despite her bravado, Sangvis units keep dropping like flies all around her under the hail of enemy fire.

Soon enough, Beak finds herself heavily suppressed.

Beak: Trying to overwhelm me with sheer numbers?

Beak: Perfect. Now I don't even have to worry about wasting ammo! You're just begging to be killed!

Beak: Get ready to...hmm?!

Suddenly, a ferocious swathe of bullets tears right through the white enemy's formation. Shot after shot accurately targets the deadly weaknesses on each and every white unit, taking all enemies down like a violent torrent.

AN-94: All clear. I'll go on and scout ahead.

ST AR-15: Right, leave this place to me.

Beak: It's you...!

Beak: I'm surprised to see that even Griffin dogs know how to repay a debt.

ST AR-15: This has nothing to do with the aid you provided earlier. We're merely clearing the path so that we may proceed smoothly.

Beak: Humph, funny you'd say that. Are you sure we're going the right way?

Beak: Why do you have to pick a path that's packed with enemies?

ST AR-15: More white enemies means more forces stationed around to guard something important, don't you think?

ST AR-15: The fiercer their resistance, the more certain we can be that we're going in the right direction.

Beak: That does make sense...

Beak: But when did you move behind me? The path is up ahead.

Beak: Besides, haven't I been following your butts the whole time?

ST AR-15: Well, actually... It would seem someone wants to get off early.

Beak: ??!!

A blow on the back of the head with a blunt instrument...

Vision dissolving into black-and-white static... A distracting noise in the ear drowning out everything else.

With a blank look in her eyes, Beak slumps unsteadily off her motorbike.

Through the blurry visual snow, she can just make out AN-94 and AR-15 moving to the side of the passage and giving the wall a push...

ST AR-15: Well done, AN-94.

ST AR-15: Good luck, Sangvis. You'll need it.

Beak: ...Freaking lackeys of mankind! Go to hell!

Even though her vision is severely impaired, Beak still raises her arm with great difficulty and fires randomly at the trapdoor that Task Force DEFY escapes through until she runs out of ammunition.

After an uncertain amount of time, Beak's eyes snap open. She jumps back on her feet and looks around.

Other than her own motorbike and the pile of remains of the white forces, there is no sign of the two hostage Dolls.

Beak: Did they...hack me and overload my neural cloud?!

Beak: Dammit, they must've disappeared through here...

Feeling along the wall the AR-15 and AN-94 climbed through, she finds the trapdoor. However, the lock has already been set to only allow one-way access. It can no longer be opened from this side.

She smashes the electronic control interface of the door with a furious punch.

Beak: Arghhhh... Bastards! You bastards! You planned this, you rubbish Dolls!

M16A1: What's going on?

Beak: It's all your fault! You should've come sooner!

M16A1: Oh yeah? We're already at the end of the underground passage. Our destination is just a few steps ahead.

M16A1: The doors leading to the Pike Node is right in front of us... We don't need the guides anymore. We simply have to kill anything that tries to stop us from getting there.

Beak: Humph, and don't you sound pleased?

Beak: If they hadn't escaped, would you follow the plan and execute them once we secure the Pike Node?

M16A1: We're here to complete a mission, not to chase after a couple of rats.

M16A1: If we give Agent and Mastermind a complete account of what happened, who do you think will look more incompetent, you or me?

Beak: You're a sneaky one... You always manage to find excuses for yourself.

M16A1: You'd better try harder. It'd be awkward if my supervisor ends up being the one who needs supervision.

M16A1: That little slip-up of yours was no big deal. After all, our objective concerns something far more important than the fate of two Dolls.

M16A1: I have another job for you. Don't screw it up.

Beak: Screw up? Humph, save that for yourself.

Beak mounts her motorbike again and drives out of the underground passage in a separate direction.

Meanwhile, M16 studies the end of the passage - the secret chamber locked behind a set of heavy doors underneath the ancient fortress.

All the Sangvis units that survived the tumultuous journey through the subterraneon labyrinth gather behind M16 and follow her as they head toward their final destination.
Part 5

5

...Under the city of Belgrade.

Bang bang bang! Ba-bang bang bang bang bang...!

M4A1: More gunfire...

Detecting another battle ahead, M4 slows down and listens for a while.

M4A1: ...I can't hear AR-15's or AN-94's gunshots.

M4A1: In that case, there's no need for me to intervene. I can simply go around it.

Clear Voice: You've grown more prudent.

M4A1: This is a rescue mission. I can't very well get myself killed as well.

M4A1: Now that I'm on a solo mission, there's no room for mistakes.

Clear Voice: Perhaps you aren't actually on your own.

M4A1: I just hope you won't slow me down.

Clear Voice: Sangvis Ferri aren't tough enemies to you since you're very familiar with them.

Clear Voice: But the same can't be said about the White Faction, right?

M4A1: I do have a general idea about them... I've received data from Ange.

M4A1: I know their physical traits and how to fight them.

Clear Voice: But what if I tell you there's an easier way...where you can beat them without even having to fight?

M4A1: I'd welcome that. I don't have the ammo to spare on unnecessary foes.

M4A1: ...Is there actually such a convenient option?

Clear Voice: Of course. It isn't effective against all white units, but those Nytos...

Clear Voice: Their construction is special... Not unlike ours, actually.

M4A1: Nytos... You mean the commanders of the white forces?

Clear Voice: That's right. The other units' operation is based on manual input; your capacity may be relatively low, but seizing control over them from such a close distance should be a piece of cake for you.

Clear Voice: But the Nytos are different. I can't sense their neural clouds. Those clones' neural pathways don't seem to be augmented with any kind of machinery at all.

M4A1: You're saying...they're actually human?

Clear Voice: More like creatures made in the image of humans. For some reason, I have a feeling that I can establish a connection with them despite the lack of a neural cloud.

M4A1: In that case, I just have to catch a Nyto and you can hack her to seize command over the White Faction.

Clear Voice: It would seem that the blocking device they're wearing on the head - the one that looks like a hairband - can block out all invasive signals.

Clear Voice: Is there something special about the construction of their brain?

Clear Voice: In any case, I need you to help me by destroying that blocking device.

M4A1: That's stupid.

M4A1: If I can fire at a Nyto's blocking device, why don't I simply blast her head open?

Clear Voice: Even if you kill one, another will soon take over her command authorizations. I'm curious about them.

Clear Voice: If I can set up a connection, I'm sure I'll be able to learn more.

Clear Voice: Besides, getting our hands on a live Nyto would save us the effort of fighting through endless waves of enemies.

M4A1: ...It could be worth a try if we've got a chance. Hmm?

Bang bang bang! Bang bang bang bang...

M4A1: Another battle...and a ferocious one. Wait, that gun sounds like...

M4A1: AR-15? AN-94 is here as well...!

Realizing that her teammates are very close by, M4 breaks into a run in the direction of the gunshots.

The moment she makes a turn around the corner, she finds two muzzles pointing straight at her.

M4A1: Don't shoot, it's me!

ST AR-15: ...M4?

AN-94: Not an enemy... Good.

AN-94 lowers her gun and leans against the wall. As she starts slumping onto the ground, AR-15 dashes to her side and supports her with a shoulder.

M4A1: What's the matter? Are you hurt?

ST AR-15: She got shot behind the right knee. We need some time to treat it.

AN-94: I can't believe I let her last aimless shots get me... It's a disgrace...

AN-94: Where is AK-12? Is she not with you?

M4A1: She stayed behind upstairs to draw the S.F. away so that I can get to you first.

AN-94: I see. It's a sound strategy.

AN-94: She'll be fine on her own.

M4A1: But what on earth happened here? I came across heaps of dead S.F. and white units along the way.

ST AR-15: I'll try to keep it short, though that might be a bit difficult.

ST AR-15: ...Anyway, please try to keep calm about what I'm about to say.

M4A1: ...M16 is here as well?

ST AR-15: Indeed. In fact, she seems to be the one in command in the frontlines.

AN-94: She's become incredibly formidable. We alone are also no match for the various Sangvis ringleaders under her command.

AN-94: Not to mention the two Nytos and the horde of white stuff that almost seem as if they can self-replicate.

AN-94: I believe all we can do for now is to retreat and wait for more support.

M4A1: No, it'll be too late by then.

ST AR-15: I know you have things to sort out with her, M4, but there's only so much we can do. Just escaping alive would be...

M4A1: I actually have a way to deal with the white forces. More specifically, the Nytos.

M4A1: If we can take out the blocking device around a Nyto's head...

ST AR-15: ...They can be hacked?!

ST AR-15: Well, that is a very useful piece of information, but we're being pursued by two Nytos.

ST AR-15: Even if we get one, the other will take over command right away.

Clear Voice: Then we get them both at the same time. We destroy both Nytos' blocking devices.

M4A1 lowers her head to think. After a few seconds of muttering, she looks up again.

M4A1: Then we get them both at the same time. We destroy both Nytos' blocking devices.

M4A1: Don't give them any time to react.

AN-94: That's too risky. Sangvis Ferri and the White Faction are now in an all-out war fighting over the Pike Node - it's total chaos.

AN-94: Firing at both Nytos under such circumstances is...

ST AR-15: No, we can do it.

AR-15 claps M4 and AN-94 on the shoulder.

ST AR-15: We're different than what we used to be.

ST AR-15: I know that as long as M4 gives the order, I'll keep up.

M4A1: ...Right.

ST AR-15: AN-94, just stay here and do some simple repairs on yourself. Also, fill Ange and AK-12 in on what's going on here.

ST AR-15: You're our last fail-safe. We're counting on you.

AN-94: Alright, I can see that you've made up your mind.

AN-94: But here's another question - even if you manage to take down the White Faction, what are you planning to do about the remaining Sangvis forces?

M4A1: I'll...have a proper word with M16.

M4A1: If it can't be helped, then I'll settle everything by my own hand.

A bright fire seems to be flickering in M4's eyes.

Is that the desire for the truth...or the thirst for vengeance?

Whichever it is, AN-94 knows that she shouldn't ask any further questions...because it won't change anything.
Part 6

6

...Under the city of Belgrade.

Nimogen: Is that the best you can do, Sangvis Ferri? What an utter disgrace.

Mercurows: Oh, Pestilence! Oh, War! Oh, Famine! And I - am Death!

Mercurows: Here to deliver your bespoke demise!

Even under the pervasive and deafening barrage, the condescending smile and over-the-top inflection are transmitted to M16's transciever with perfect clarity.

M16A1: This isn't the first time I've been in this kind of situation, but I must say I'm surprised.

M16A1: We're hopelessly outmatched.

M16A1: Even though they've already opened the doors to the Node, we haven't even been able to take a single step inside...

The Sangvis forces are quite literally being cut down by the White Faction, completely unable to fight back.

The dazzling lasers, continuously exploding grenades, and never-ending gunshots together weave a symphony following the Nytos' conducting gestures.

It's as if an opera duet titled "Carnage" is being performed in these depths of this city.

Nimogen: In the end, these so-called Sangvis are exactly like the Griffins - nothing more than stinking rats sneaking around the sewers.

Nimogen: What's the point in playing hard-to-get? Come on out and let me put an end to this meaningless battle.

Mercurows: Without destruction, there will be no rebirth!

Mercurows: Oh, my angels, sound the trumpet! Unleash the devastation!

Mercurows: In the name of the Father, let the world burn in the lake of fire!

Under the overwhelming firepower of the massive amount of white units, the Sangvis forces are slowly pushed back until they're huddling together as a compact group in the center of the White Faction's encirclement.

However, despite the extreme disadvantage her forces are in, M16's face remains totally impassive.

M16A1: I didn't want to do this, but...

Suddenly, M16 raises an eyebrow almost imperceptibly.

M16A1: Gunfire?

M16A1: A single...no, two shots fired simultaneously?

Some distinctive noises can be heard from amidst the commotion of intense crossfire.

On the other side of the passage...

ST AR-15: Did I miss? Then I'll just get in another shot...

M4A1: Wait, look!

The gunfire gradually dies down, and the white units come to a halt one after the other. They all freeze in place like puppets whose strings are cut.

With M4's and AR-15's weapons still trained on them, the two Nytos merely look stunned.

But unlike the white units, one of them is still capable of movement. She slowly looks down and stares at the her broken hairband lying on the ground in pieces. Then...

Nimogen: AAAAAAAAAAAAARGHHHH!!!

Nimogen: It-it hurts! Fa-Father! Help me!

Nimogen: Who was it?! Who did this?! Stop it! Don't come in! It hurts! It hurts! AHHH...AAAAHHHHHHH!!!

The piercing wails break the silence and these high-pitched shrieks slowly turn into hoarse moans.

The crazed Nyto stumbles her way through the inanimate legion of white units and makes a clumsy escape.

As she scrambles away, the white forces also drop their weapons and fall over each other trying to reach the exit.

As for the other Nyto, she's still frozen on the spot, completely motionless.

ST AR-15: ...It worked! The white forces have gone out of control!

ST AR-15: You're pretty good when you put your heart in it, M4.

M4A1: The plan could only work with your help.

ST AR-15: Still, how did you do that?

ST AR-15: I mean, so we know that the blocking device is a weak spot, but even AN-94, who specializes in electronic warfare, wouldn't have been able to hack two Nytos so quickly.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: What on earth happened? Why could I hack those Nyto...those people?

M4A1: I suppose I've learned a few new tricks since we last saw each other.

ST AR-15: Glad to see you've become so dependable. I'd better put more effort in improving myself as well.

ST AR-15: Now that we've dealt with the white stuff, it's time to settle things with Sangvis Ferri...and her, isn't that right?

M4A1: Hold on.

Following M4A1's gaze, AR-15 looks over to the Nyto still standing there like a statue.

M4A1: ...I've still got some questions that need answering.
Part 7

    7chevron_right

...Belgrade underground, outside the doors to the Pike Node.

As the White Faction starts falling into disorder, Sangvis Ferri promptly begins its counterattack.

The Sangvis troops start shooting one-sidedly at every single white unit that hasn't escaped in time.

M4A1: ...I've still got some questions that need answering.

ST AR-15: Didn't that Nyto's brains get cooked?

M4A1: I'm afraid not.

The Nyto slowly raises her head, proving M4's words to be true.

She looks around with wide eyes full of panic and no sign of her characteristic flair for the dramatic.

ST AR-15: Hands up, don't move!

Mercurows: U-um, excuse me, where is my sister?

ST AR-15: Drop the nonsense! Hands in the air!

Mercurows: Her name is Nyto, like mine. Though Father did promise to give us new names if we complete our mission...

Mercurows: Did anyone see where she's gone? ...Oh.

Mercurows' eyes meet M4's, and she walks toward her.

Mercurows: Sister? Is that you, sister?

ST AR-15: Huh...?

M4A1: ...

Mercurows: Thank goodness you're here! You gave me such a scare. I suddenly stopped sensing your presence.

Mercurows: But now that I can see you're safe, I...

Bang bang bang!

A series of gunshots put a halt to Mercurow's attempt to approach M4. She never managed to reach her.

A genuine, relieved smile remains frozen on her face...

With the same sweet and innocent expression, and blood trickling out of her nose and mouth, she collapses onto the ground.

ST AR-15: Watch out, M4! Here she comes!

M4A1: ...I know.

On the other end of the underground passage, the familiar yet slightly different figure appears.

M4A1: Why did you kill her?

M16A1: It's only been a while, but you've already gotten too soft to deal your enemy the killing blow.

M4A1: ...What did she know that you're trying to stop me from finding out?

M16A1: There are way too many things that you shouldn't know.

M16A1: You...can hear the voice, can't you?

M4A1: So what if I can?

M16A1: No matter what it tells you, don't believe it.

M16A1: You only made it here alive because you've been using powers that aren't your own.

M4A1: But at least I'm still alive. That still beats betraying your old teammates.

M4A1: I really don't want to believe it, but...you don't seem to be under Sangvis control.

M16A1: ...I know. I am fully aware of what I'm doing.

M4A1: Then why won't you come back, 16?!

M4A1: Come home to Griffin. We can solve any problem together.

M16A1: It's one of their objectives to reunite us...so I can't go back yet. At least not now.

M4A1: Then at least tell me the truth.

M4A1: Don't be an accomplice of Sangvis Ferri! Don't help them spread death and destruction to innocent people!

M16A1: There isn't room for negotiation between us right now.

M16A1: I don't want you to get what's behind those doors...so back off, or we'll have to decide who takes the prize with a fight.

M4 lifts her weapon and AR-15 follows suit. The situation is quickly becoming touch-and-go.

At that moment.

M16A1: Looks like it's gonna be sooner than I expected... See you.

Beak: Yeeeeeeeee-haw!

M4A1: Huh...?

With a deafening vroom, a large motorbike comes skidding through the underground passage, followed by a truck.

ST AR-15: M4, look out!

AR-15 dives onto M4 and pushes her out of the way of the motorbike.

By the time they get back on their feet, the Sangvis convoy is already gone.

ST AR-15: Are you okay, M4?

M4A1: ...We're going after them.

ST AR-15: Huh?

M4A1: It's not over yet. I won't let it end just like that. Let's go!

ST AR-15: ...Understood!

...Click! Click!

Kalina: Commander, Commander!

Kalina: Sheesh... You're way too chill!

Kalina: I know the last few days have been really tough, and we did achieve some good results - we saved the Chairwoman, thwarted Paradeus, and recovered that...big metal ball...

Kalina: But haven't you...forgotten about something...?

Kalina: ...The ELIDs, duh! Those zombies are still wandering around in the city!

Kalina: Also, just an hour ago, the local military has finished evacuating the civilians to safety, so now it's just us!

Kalina: Thanks to the big mess from before, lots of ELIDs have been drawn this way, which can be a big problem for our own retreat...

Kalina: Still, we've always had a knack for surviving, isn't that right?

Kalina: It will be no different this time. We trust you, Commander. Please lead us all out of here and we can finally celebrate the end of this whole ordeal!

