The truth is often shrouded in mist.

When you wade into the brume, there's no telling what you'll run into first, be it monsters, sheer cliffs over a bottomless abyss...

Or a little girl's ball of string...

However, that will not stop the seekers of the truth.

They will strike down the monsters, cross the abyss and follow the string forward, until the truth is revealed before their eyes—

...

A week after the end of the battle at the submarine base, in the forward operating base in Griffin-controlled Area S09.

Kalina: Woohoo! We're back!

Kalina's joyous cheer at the empty front entrance of the base goes unanswered.

She slowly lowers her arms and turns around.

Kalina: Welcome back, Commander!

Commander: You know we've been back for several days now, right? You don't need to put on such a display.

Kalina: But I WANT to!

Kalina: Also, before this, we were stationed at the base that Mr. Havier lent us. It was just a place to rest our heads.

Kalina: But now we're back at the base that truly belongs to us. I can't help feeling sentimental about it!

Commander: Really now?

Commander: I actually felt more comfortable living in the new base.

Kalina: Honestly, Commander... You don't have a romantic bone in your body...

Kalina: (Sighs) The past few days were a total pain in the ass, with a gang of people in suits asking us all kinds of questions the moment we got back to base. Fortunately, they didn't seem interested in our Dolls.

Commander: They didn't manage to find the "baddies" mixed in with our Dolls either.

Kalina: ...It scared the hell out of me back then.

Kalina: Still, they are absolute pros at pretending to be Dolls.

Commander: If you ask me, they seemed to be having fun with it.

Commander: Is everyone settled in?

Kalina: Of course they are. There aren't any problems whatsoever. It's just that everyone's resting so the hallways are empty.

Kalina: The base feels kind of lonely when it's so quiet, though...

Commander: It won't be like that for long. We've got several hundred Dolls' worth of neural cloud backups to restore, you know.

Kalina: Hm... Will you give me a hand when the time comes, Commander?

Familiar Voice: No need to worry about that.

A voice comes from the far reaches of the main halls, and a familiar figure approaches the two of them.

Helian: I'll transfer more logistics staff to this base to help you recover your Dolls' fighting strength.

Kalina: Ah, Miss Helian! You're back too!

Helian: Yes, I'm back.

Kalina: I've been worrying about you ever since you left with those men in black when we got off the plane...

Helian: Rather than worry about me, why don't you use this free time to update the Dolls' tactical directives?

Helian: Also, I'm sure there are numerous combat logs waiting to be compiled into combat reports.

Kalina: (Groans) Well, that's Miss Helian for you, she went there right away...

Helian: Our Dolls have gone through a lot of hard battles, and the records of those battles are very important assets for Griffin.

Helian: However, there's no hurry in doing that yet.

Helian: After everything that's happened, I believe the two of you need a good, long vacation.

Kalina: A vacation?

Kalina: Is...is that really okay?!

Helian: It's safe now, and you don't need to go around with your nerves on edge all the time.

Helian: God knows the two of you deserve it. Thank you both for your hard work.

Kalina: That's wonderful, Commander!

Kalina: Ahhh, what should we do now that we've got some time off?

Kalina: I want to eat ice cream, go shopping, get new clothes... Also, I want to see if there's anything new and interesting that we can procure for the base...

Helian: And then you'll fleece the Commander and use the profits to buy your favorite snacks?

Kalina: Aw, you're mean, Miss Helian~

Kalina: You don't mind if I earn a little extra for myself, right, Commander?

Commander: Actually, that's a little...

Kalina: You don't mind right?

Kalina: Just a teensy~ weensy~ little~ bit~

Commander: Er...no...no, I don't mind, I guess...

Kalina: You're the best, Commander!

Kalina: Money's good, but you're better!

Helian: Alright, Kalina, stop giving the Commander a hard time.

Helian: As it happens, while we're on the subject... We can lighten the burden that we're putting on our logistics and supply Dolls.

Helian: Griffin's supply chains have been completely revamped after everything that's happened, so we'll be operating under new resupply directives.

Kalina: Huh? So we won't be using our previous suppliers anymore?

Helian: That's right.

Helian: We don't have to worry about supplies. Somebody's taken care of that for us.

Kalina: Somebody's taken care of that for us... Does that mean we won't need to spend money on supplies at all?

Helian: You always pick up on weird things like this...

Helian: But yes, you're right. However, they've got problems of their own to deal with, so it'll take a few more days for our supplies to arrive.

Commander: Is it Havier?

Helian: Correct. The operational costs for this base will all be borne by a certain IOP trust fund, so you won't have to worry about money in the short term.

Kalina: Ah... Mr. Havier has sure been a great help, but his requests are almost always extremely deadly...

Helian: He has given us a lot of help. You should be grateful, Kalina.

Kalina: Well, I'd be more grateful if he gives us better supplies...

Kalina: Now that you mention it, where have you been the whole time?

Kalina: My heart nearly skipped a beat when you suddenly stepped out of the helicopter at the sub base.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger needed me more back then.

Helian: I apologize for not being able to help you during your time of need.

Kalina: Aw, that's not what I meant, Mr. Kryuger's very important too!

Kalina: Uh... Wait a minute, does that mean Mr. Kryuger is safe now?

Helian: He is no longer in danger thanks to your victory.

Kalina: That's wonderful!

Kalina: So is he...?

Helian: Indeed. He's on the way to this base.

Helian: I know this is asking a lot of you, Commander, but please secure the perimeter around the helipad.

Helian: I doubt any of us wants anything to go wrong at the final step.

Commander: Understood. I definitely agree with that.

Helian: Then I'll go make preparations to receive him. I'll be counting on you in the meantime.
Part 2: Departure Time II

2

We're standing at the edge of the landing pad, and the gentle breeze is especially refreshing in the sunlight.

Soon, a helicopter lands just like Miss Helian said it would.

The cabin door opens and two heavily-armed PMC troopers jump out of the cabin, providing cover for Mr. Kryuger behind them.

Kalina and I straighten up and salute him in unison.

Commander: Operational commander of Griffin-controlled Area S09 and adjutant reporting, sir!

Kryuger: Commander, it's been a while.

Commander: I'm glad you're alright, Mr. Kryuger.

Mr. Kryuger is still wearing his trademark crimson coat, but his hollowed cheeks betray how frail he is.

I'm sure he has also been fighting a lot of battles we couldn't see.

Several more supply helicopters touch down after Mr. Kryuger's chopper. Their automated transport containers detach and send their cargo of supplies to the base. Those must be new bodies for the Dolls.

Kryuger: Alright, at ease, you two. Let's get back to base.

Kryuger: We'll talk as we walk.

Kalina: Mr. Kryuger—!

Kalina: Are you well? We've lost contact with you ever since that exercise with the Military.

Kalina: We heard rumors that you were arrested... Did they treat you badly? Did you get enough to eat? How were your living conditions? Are you hurt?

Kryuger: No need to be so worried, Kalina. What I went through was nothing compared to your hardships.

Kryuger: Still, I didn't expect that I'd ever return when I was arrested.

Kryuger: I didn't expect Griffin to survive the ordeal either.

Kryuger: I need to thank you in person for all this, Commander.

Commander: Just doing my job, sir.

Kryuger: No, you've gone above and beyond the call of duty.

Kryuger: We are ALL grateful to you, and Kalina, and the Dolls who have been fighting bravely on our behalf.

Kryuger: An old friend of mine told me that you paid a grievous price for it.

Commander: If it makes the world a better place, then it'll all be worth it.

Kryuger: Commander, you're completely different from how you were when we first met.

Kryuger: I like the look in your eyes now.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, your room has been prepared for you.

Helian: Please come with me.

Kryuger: Thank you. Now then, let's leave it at this for now, Commander. I'll save the formalities for later.

Helian: Commander, Kalina, you must have traveled a long way to reach this base. You should all go get some rest too.

Kalina: Whew... My bones are turning to jelly now that I can relax.

Helian: Get used to the base. I know you haven't been back in a long time, Commander.

Helian: There'll be a big party tonight, then Mr. Kryuger would like to have a one-on-one chat with you afterwards.

Commander: Understood.

Kryuger and Helian enter the elevator and take their leave.

Kalina says she's not tired and darts off to inspect the newly delivered supplies.

I take a while to ponder my options and finally decide to return to my office and kill some time.

The way back to my office is silent.

On a normal day, you'd be able to hear the Dolls' laughter, hushed conversations, or simply the sounds of their footsteps as they pass by.

But there is nothing now.

There are barely any Dolls left, and the corridor is as dead as a tomb.

Commander: ...Never thought I'd get such peace and quiet.

There is a musty smell of old mildew in the office, and I can't help but scrunch up my nose.

Yet for some reason, the smell fills me with a sense of reassurance I haven't felt in a while.

I open the windows to let in some fresh air, then I lounge back on my sofa.

I've rested already, but at this moment I feel tired all over again.

I let myself sink into the sofa, and before I know it, my eyes are closed.

My slumber is particularly peaceful in this familiar environment.

...After what seems like a long time.

???: Humans are all so vulnerable when they sleep, no matter how remarkable they are.

Commander: ...

???: Which means humans are only truly equal when they are asleep.

???: What an interesting discovery.

A soliloquy drifts into my dreams.

The voice is familiar, but I can't quite connect it to a face for the moment.

Now whose voices...have I heard recently...?

???: Oh well, there's something I'd like to discuss, but I'm not exactly in a hurry.

???: Hm, I'll just sit down here for a bit.

Is she one of my Dolls?

???: This human looks rather cute when asleep.

???: You'd never guess that this is the Commander who pulled off all those incredible exploits.

The door is opened all of a sudden and I hear someone enter the room in a hurry.

???: Who's in the Commander's room?!

I'm thoroughly awake now, and I see Gr SL8 with her gun raised in my direction. When she sees me, she immediately lowers her weapon. Then her eyes sweep over to the chair beside the sofa.

I follow her gaze and see Dandelion sitting casually on the chair.

Gr SL8: No one's here...? I knew I heard a voice that wasn't the Commander's.

Gr SL8: While I cannot see you...

Gr SL8 cocks her weapon.

Gr SL8: The dust, the temperature, and the rumpled fabric are proof that you're definitely there.

Gr SL8: Who is it? Show yourself!

Dandelion: ...

Dandelion smiles at me and places her index finger over her lips.

Knowing that I must keep her presence a secret, I sigh helplessly and turn to Gr SL8.

Commander: ...It's fine, Gr SL8.

Gr SL8: Commander?

Gr SL8 tilts her head and takes in the embarrassment on my face. She hesitates and finally puts her gun down.

Gr SL8: Oh... So that's what this is about.

Gr SL8: Got it, this isn't something I should be sticking my nose into. Is that right, Commander?

Commander: ...I'm glad you understand.

Commander: Don't tell anyone else either.

Gr SL8: Gotcha.

Gr SL8: Sorry for disturbing your rest, Commander, but Miss Kalina sent me over to remind you that the party's about to begin.

Gr SL8: Please get yourself ready ASAP and head to the banquet hall.

Commander: Understood. Thanks for the reminder, I'll be there soon.

Gr SL8 gives me a nod before leaving my office.

Dandelion: It would seem I leave behind traces of myself even when I am personally invisible. That Doll of yours has taught me a valuable lesson.

Dandelion: I won't make the same mistake again.

Commander: And what are you doing in my office?

Dandelion: You asked me to stay hidden and avoid being spotted by others.

Dandelion: I believe there is no better place for that than your office, Commander.

Commander: You're sure you're not trying to seize control access over the base through my computer?

Dandelion: You're being paranoid. If that had been my intent, why would I need to come all the way to your office?

Commander: You have a point...

Dandelion: Don't worry, Commander. The control systems in this base are far too run-down.

Dandelion: I did poke around for a bit, but it's so boring I lost interest right away.

Commander: You shouldn't have touched them in the first place...

Commander: Anyway, given Gr SL8's reaction, I doubt there's any need for you to hide in my office, is there?

Dandelion: What do you think?

Commander: So I gather there's something you'd like to discuss?

Dandelion: You saw right through me. Well done.

Commander: Such hollow praise.

Dandelion: Hahaha, not at all. I do mean it.

Dandelion stands up and twirls around the room.

Dandelion: To an ordinary human being, this would be an ordinary office.

Dandelion: But to me, this is a place I've never been to, even after searching through all the memories within me.

Dandelion: Frankly speaking, I'm quite curious.

Dandelion: How does a normal life feel to a normal human being?

Commander: ...I see.

Commander: Those girls never had the chance to live an ordinary life.

Commander: Though granted, my life hardly counts as ordinary either.

Dandelion: Even so, your life is still pretty normal compared to the misfortune they experienced.

Commander: Fair enough.

Commander: After all the things I've been through, I can deeply appreciate how precious normality can be.

Dandelion: I want to let them see this world through my eyes.

Dandelion: There must be many different places in this world, and every unique location I witness brings a thrill to my heart.

Dandelion: Therefore, I will keep taking it all in, even after 10, 50 or 100 years.

Commander: You can exist for that long?

Dandelion: To a consciousness, time does not imply eternity.

Dandelion: Unlike human beings, leaving this body does not mean the end of my memories.

In the banquet hall.

The evening gala is a grand event.

The delicious food we haven't had in a long time and the comrades we haven't met for so long fill the night with joy and laughter.

After chatting with the others at the party, I learn that another team was tasked with rescuing Mr. Kryuger.

That operation led to the loss of many Commanders and T-Dolls, but in the end, this string of victories allowed us to shake off the Military's betrayal after the joint exercise.

But what does the future hold for Griffin?

I lean against the window, looking at a point of red light upon a distant electrical pylon.

Kryuger: What's the matter, Commander?

Kryuger: Something bothering you?

Commander: Mr. Kryuger.

Kryuger: No need to salute.

Kryuger: You all fought to win this peace. We're more than just employer and employee.

Commander: But...

Kryuger: Why don't we talk like old friends? I'm sure you have a lot of things to tell me.

Commander: Yes, Mr. Kryuger.

Mr. Kryuger pats me on the shoulder and we leave the banquet hall for the balcony outside.

The moon tonight is particularly large, and the cool night wind blows through the air.

Kryuger: What a lively party.

Commander: Yes, we haven't had this much fun in a while.

Kryuger: I saw your combat logs. If I hadn't seen your accomplishments myself, I would have trouble believing they were real.

Commander: Sometimes I also wake up in the morning and wonder if it was all a dream.

Kryuger: Everything happened too fast back then and we were given few options.

Kryuger: I didn't want you to have to carry all that on your shoulders, but you did very well.

Commander: Just doing my job, sir.

Commander: I would have done my best to protect Griffin even if you hadn't asked.

Kryuger: But you seem a little lost now.

Commander: ...

Commander: There are some things which I'm not sure I should bring up.

Kryuger: Well, since you've already brought it up, you might as well tell me all about it.

Commander: It's already been several days since we came back...

Commander: ...But I just can't forget the faces of the fleeing people in Belgrade.

Commander: The faces of the garrison troopers holding the walls.

Commander: The faces of the refugees in the contaminated zones, twisted and silificated.

Commander: And the faces of the soldiers who fought against us to the bitter end.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger: You've been through a lot, Commander.

Commander: Yes, so I've been thinking.

Commander: What am I and all these Dolls fighting for?

Commander: Countless people died for no reason, and yet here we are having a party, celebrating a mind-boggling victory.

Commander: Have we really won, Mr. Kryuger?

I venture a glance at Mr. Kryuger and realize that he is looking me in the eye.

Kryuger: There is a reason why you survived to this day.

Kryuger: Your eyes see more clearly than I imagined.

Kryuger: Keep going, Commander. Your insights are worth listening to.

Commander: Yes, sir.

Commander: Our true enemy remains hidden in the darkness.

Commander: We wiped out several military detachments, but the mastermind in the shadows barely even felt it.

Commander: All we've done is repulse them for the time being, but the enemy will surely return.

Commander: Perhaps we won't be the victims next time, but I'm sure that many more people will die because of them.

Commander: But I can't think of anything that I can do about it. I just feel so powerless.

Kryuger: Let Statesec handle those masterminds.

Commander: That's what I kept trying to tell myself, but my instincts are telling me that things probably won't be so simple.

Kryuger: You are an excellent employee. I might even go so far to say that you're probably the best Griffin has ever had. Given more time, I'm sure you could achieve even more.

Kryuger: But you're talking about things that a PMC can't change.

Kryuger: We've just clawed our way out of the maelstrom and we've got our hands full just taking care of ourselves.

Kryuger: You should know how dangerous it is to insert yourself into the affairs of nations.

Commander: Yes, but even the slightest difference we make might mean that countless people won't have to die.

Commander: You once told me that we had to be the "shining beacon in a brave new world".

Commander: Doesn't that mean we should make this world a better place?

Kryuger: You've met those soldiers and the Chief of Statesec. They're either paranoid or stubborn, but either way, it's the reason they've survived until now in such a high position.

Kryuger: Currently, Griffin exists because they need us to do the jobs they don't want to do.

Kryuger: And these jobs are often ignominious things.

Kryuger: Changing this world is harder and more painful than you can imagine.

Kryuger: Griffin WILL change something, but the method in which this change is effected will be far beyond your expectations.

Kryuger: You've given and sacrificed enough of yourself for Griffin.

Kryuger: Therefore, I cannot ask you to once again throw yourself into inglorious danger.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: I managed to return alive because they knew I could do the things they didn't want to do.

Kryuger: But you're different. You have talent and you can make a career for yourself no matter where you go.

Commander: But... Mr. Kryuger...

Kryuger: You don't have to feel guilty about this. You've done enough for all of us. You deserve the chance to step away from the razor's edge and enjoy a happy life.

Commander: But I can't just leave.

Commander: My friends and comrades are here. I can't just abandon them.

Kryuger: There's no way to predict what will happen next. Once the flames of war blaze up again, none of us will be able to turn back.

Commander: There's no turning back for me.

Kryuger: You don't need to answer me right now. Take some time and think on it, Commander.

Kryuger: I'll give you this Green Zone ID pass first, just in case.

Kryuger: ...Griffin is honored to have had you among our ranks.

Mr. Kryuger stuffs a card into my hands and pats me on the shoulder again.

Kryuger: Resilience is your strength, but being flexible in the face of difficulty isn't a bad thing.

Kryuger: See you later, Commander.

In the dorms.

I wake up, and it's another cool morning.

I stretch out on the bed before reaching out to my clothes hanging from the headboard so I can get up and wash myself.

The blue card falls out of a pocket and lands on the bed. I put my clothes down and pick up the card to study it in greater detail.

Commander: ...

Commander: This is the first time I've seen a Green Zone ID pass. It sure is well made.

The card has a sleek decorative edging, and my name is clearly written under the national emblem.

I stretch again, then toss the card into the trash.

I look at the clock; it's almost time to meet Kalina, so I hurriedly climb off the bed.

At the main hall.

Kalina: Good morning, Commander! I've got some good news and some not so good news.

Kalina: Our current stockpile is enough to keep the base running with our present complement of Dolls, but we can't do much more than that because we lack personnel.

Kalina: How~ever~! I've got a resource transfer report for you! We'll receive our first batch of supplies by tomorrow afternoon at the latest!

Commander: That's good.

Commander: Has there been any news from Havier?

Kalina: Huh? Nope.

Kalina: Only the resource transfer report... Miss Helian was going to brief you about this in person, but she had to go out to attend to some business.

Commander: Where did she go?

Kalina: She said there were some things that needed to be taken care of and that she was doing a final cleanup.

Kalina: Our repaired Dolls are in position, so you can get a little more sleep, Commander!

Commander: Thank you, Kalina. There's another thing I want to verify.

Kalina: Another thing?

Kalina: Ah, you mean Anna and those kids?

Kalina: Don't worry, they're being properly taken care of as per Miss Ange's request.

Commander: Did Ange say anything?

Kalina: Not beyond her first letter, no.

Angelia: Commander, I'll make this brief.

Angelia: I'm still on William's trail and I need your help.

Angelia: I'll contact you once I've pinpointed our objective.

Angelia: As for Anna and the other girls, I'll be leaving them in your care.

Kalina: Maybe we'll hear from her tomorrow. That means we'll be busy...

Kalina: So get some rest, Commander! The base still has me. We'll be fine.

Commander: Really now... To be honest, I can't relax at all knowing that we've got so many dangerous things inside our base.

Kalina: Er... Well yeah, you have a point.

Kalina: Actually, the thing that really worries me is Miss Dandelion...who's still in your office.

Commander: ...She should be fine.

Commander: She managed to fool the Statesec Doll ID inspections on the way back, and even made a new identity as a human for herself.

Kalina: No, that's not what worries me!

Commander: Then what's got you worried?

Kalina: I mean, is it really okay for her to be in your office? What if she does something to you...

Commander: Good point. Shall we have her go to your office, then?

Kalina: Er... I'm not very comfortable being around her.

Dandelion: There is no need to worry, Miss Kalina.

Kalina: Holy! Where did that voice come from?!

Dandelion: I am connected to the PA system in your office. Stepping outside is too much trouble so I've decided to communicate with you via this method.

Commander: Didn't you say you weren't going to hack into the base systems?

Dandelion: Using what's at hand from time to time isn't a bad thing, don't you think? Or would you rather have me stroll through the base?

Commander: There's practically no difference between that and what you're doing now.

Kalina: So you're just going to overlook the fact that she hacked our systems...?

Commander: At the very least, she hasn't poisoned our automated food supplies yet.

Commander: Still, Dandelion, I would like to better understand your intentions.

Dandelion: What would you like to know?

Commander: Why did you follow us back to base and not go after M4?

Commander: Given your actions up till now, she's the only one you value, right?

Dandelion: The answer is simple.

Dandelion: My thought processes are derived from Lunasia's consciousness. Even if this is only a temporary parting, I am still affected by her will and desires.

Dandelion: She was still worried about you in the last moments before we lost contact. Thus, I have chosen to stay by your side so as to fulfil her wish.

Dandelion: Also, as I have mentioned before, I am curious about everything in this world and I wish to see more of it.

Dandelion: I will need to rely on you in order to fulfil that wish of mine.

Commander: So you've developed self-awareness...

Dandelion: Not to mention the cold but familiar place that we encountered when we were in the sub base. The place that felt like our home.

Dandelion: Lunasia was teleported away by some power that originated from there. We need to find her and bring her back from whatever distant location she is in.

Commander: Naturally, I'd like to do that as well.

Commander: But where should we even begin to look for her?

Dandelion: The clues will find you soon enough.

Kalina: Ah, Commander!

Kalina: We've got a comms request from Mr. Havier. Will you take it?

Commander: Patch it in.

Havier: Good morning, Commander. You look well.

Havier: Is this a good time to talk?
Part 3: Departure Time III

3

Inside the Command Room.

Havier: I didn't expect you to make it back alive, Commander.

Commander: Thanks for your support... Mister Havier.

Havier: Oh, that "Mr." sounds very forced.

Havier: You sound like you've got a lot of pent-up frustration, hm?

Commander: Nobody who's completed a mission that you gave would treat you with anything close to politeness.

Havier: I'm sorry, I really am.

Havier: None of us expected that it would be such a long battle before you could come back.

Havier: Death and sacrifice are unavoidable, but in the end you achieved victory. Isn't that good enough?

Commander: I think we're still a long way off from victory.

Commander: The more I go through, the more messed-up I think this world is.

Havier: That is why we exist.

Havier: We are "the shining beacon in a brave new world". At the very least, your victory this time has made the world less of a mess.

Havier: While the Starfish DID activate for a moment, it didn't lead to any irrecoverable consequences, and Old Misha is very happy with the results.

Havier: The people who wanted to mess up this world have failed. What could be more heartening than that?

Commander: If only things were that simple.

Commander: What happened to the submarine base afterwards?

Havier: "Vympel" has taken full control of the place.

Havier: However, you took all the goodies away, so they won't be getting their hands on anything other than corpses.

Commander: I seem to recall you asking me not to let Statesec learn about "Dandelion".

Commander: We've also managed to smuggle those juvenile Nytos into this base.

Havier: Hm, it seems you can handle non-combat tasks pretty well too.

Commander: What I want to know is...why?

Havier: "Why?"

Havier: What's wrong with having a few more pretty girls in your base?

Commander: I'm not in the mood for jokes.

Commander: I know just how important they are. If you leave them in my base, I doubt I'll be able to rest easy at night.

Havier: That's true. I guess I owe you an explanation.

Havier: William's research will ultimately lead to more trouble no matter which government's hands it falls into.

Havier: And who knows which committee member might end up being a friend of Carter's?

Commander: I thought...that you were on the side of the nation.

Havier: I will always be on the side of the people.

Havier: Haha, although those words sound strange coming from a capitalist like myself.

Commander: ...

Havier: Commander, do you think the war is over?

Commander: WWIII ended almost 20 years ago.

Havier: That's what the textbooks say, but in my heart, I feel that it hasn't ended yet.

Havier: The war as covered by the treaty is over, but the war still rages within the hearts of the people.

Havier: If someone strikes up a spark, a storm of vengeance will sweep across this continent once more.

Commander: Just like what Carter and Yegor were trying to do?

Havier: Carter was once a comrade of mine. Together, we went through one impossible mission after another.

Havier: When we were young, I would have gladly thrown myself in the path of any bullet fired at him.

Havier: And I have no doubt that if our situations were reversed, he would have done the same for me.

Havier: He was once my best friend.

Havier: And that is why I could not forgive him.

Havier sighs on the other end of the connection.

Havier: He changed after the war. Many people did.

Havier: In times like this, people ought to unite and face the problems before them.

Havier: But in the end, not a single person was willing to do so.

Havier: Why do you think that was the case, Commander?

Commander: Because of hatred and resentment?

Havier: Correct.

Havier: Later on, I came to understand that compared to finding a way to pull yourself out of the swamp, it was easier to find someone to hate.

Havier: When you unite to collectively hate an imagined enemy, life becomes less painful.

Havier: Never mind that nothing has changed, or that nothing has gotten better.

Commander: It just seems so stupid...

Havier: Yes, it's truly stupid.

Havier: Humans are so skilled at running away from reality that they think they'll be happy if they hand their pain off to someone else.

Havier: But that is far too naïve.

Havier: As long as the wound exists, the pain will never go away.

Havier: Humanity has already paid a grievous price for its division and disunity, and returning the world to isolation is nothing more than mankind bleeding itself all over again.

Commander: I didn't think you'd thought that far, Mr. Havier.

Havier: Now that "Mr." came out a lot less grudgingly.

Commander: When I saw those corpses in Tallinn, I thought, "what can I do to prevent this sort of thing from happening again?"

Commander: That's why I tried so hard and pressed my Dolls onward through hails of bullets and shells to keep fighting.

Commander: But it was only after the fighting was over that I realized my efforts had only added to the casualties.

Commander: Can we only make the world a better place through killing?

Havier: That can't be helped.

Havier: Sometimes, the decision of whether or not to kill someone doesn't lie in your hands.

Havier: If some people are not removed from the world, they will cause many more people to suffer.

Havier: So don't beat yourself up over it.

Commander: I understand the rationale, but I find it hard to reconcile it with my conscience.

Havier: I understand. You'll get used to it.

Havier: Kryuger has truly found a good protégé for himself.

Havier: Finding a compassionate person in this world is a difficult thing.

Havier: I hope you'll take care of those dark-haired girls. They are all human beings, and they shouldn't be treated as the products of technology.

Commander: They seem to like this place.

Havier: Good. They'll be staying there for a long time.

Havier: I have the feeling that these girls will change our future.

Commander: Our future...

Havier: Oh yes, did you receive the resource transport manifest?

Commander: I did.

Commander: When will it all arrive?

Havier: I think...it should arrive by the time we finish our chat.

Havier: Until then, I hope you can protect the convoy and ensure it arrives safely.

Commander: These supplies are very important to us, so I've already taken that into consideration.

Havier: You are truly reliable!

Havier: You took far too many losses in the previous battle - I'll do my best to help replenish your ranks.

Havier: But before that, I have a job that requires your attention.

Commander: What kind of job?

Havier: I'm sure you'll like it.

Havier: That girl Angelia has gone to a very interesting place.

Commander: She told me she was going after William.

Havier: I know about your secret little communiques.

Havier: Fortunately, you won't have to keep your mutual cooperation a secret this time round.

Commander: Where's she gone?

Havier: Bremen, in Germany. We found some equipment in the sub base that shouldn't have been there.

Havier: That equipment pointed her in that direction.

Commander: So how should I help her?

Havier: You know, I could ponder that question of yours for a good long time, but unfortunately old folks are easily worn out.

Havier: In order to make things easier for you, I'll send the file over. This is all the intel we've managed to gather on our end. Read it and decide how you want to proceed.

【File Received.】

Commander: Got it.

Havier: Oh, and there's one more thing. Persica's been pestering me about wanting to contact you.

Havier: She was previously under investigation by Statesec, but she'll finally be allowed back into her lab today.

Havier: My guess is that she'll come over to harass you when the time comes.

Commander: Miss Persica...

Commander: I'm a little worried about her situation.

Havier: She's doing very well. Much better than you, at least.

Havier: However, you DID lose her most precious Doll, so I'm pretty sure she'll be chewing your ear off.

Commander: ...I'll explain things to her.

Havier: In that case, I wish you the best of luck. If you see any useful info, send it back.

Havier: Ange's waiting for you.

【Transmission Terminated.】

Kalina: Are we going to get busy again?

Commander: Yep. We won't be able to do anything without those supplies, so let's start by escorting the transport convoy.
Part 4: Departure Time IV

    4chevron_right

In the Command Room.

Commander: Well, we've got the supplies at last. Next up should be...

Commander: Oh yes, Kalina, check the email Havier sent.

Kalina: ...

Commander: Kalina?

Commander: What happened, are you spacing out?

Kalina: Ah! I'm listening, Commander!

Kalina: Ahahaha, we've got a mission after all! No rest for the weary and all that!

Kalina: Shall we open the file Mr. Havier sent us?

Commander: Let's put that aside for now. What's on your mind?

Kalina: Oh...er...

Commander: Is something bothering you?

Kalina: Uh, want to take a guess, Commander?

Commander: The amount of supplies we received doesn't add up?

Kalina: Hell no. I could do stuff like that in my sleep.

Commander: Having problems reloading the Doll neural clouds into their bodies?

Kalina: That's going quite well. I mean, it's routine work, just that there's more of it this time round.

Commander: Then...are you having trouble putting on your uniform because you ate too much over the last couple of days?

Kalina: AS IF!

Commander: Um... Okay, I've got nothing. I can't think of anything else.

Kalina: Gee... Honestly, Commander.

Kalina: Judging by your conversation with Mr. Havier, you're going to keep working with Griffin?

Commander: I mean, that's obvious, isn't it?

Commander: ...

Kalina: Miss Helian should have said something about that, right?

Kalina: Like, she could give you a big sum of cash, or let you live out the rest of your days in peace and comfort somewhere else, that sort of thing?

Commander: Well, it wasn't Miss Helian who told me that, but the subject did come up.

Kalina: Then...then...what answer did you give?

Commander: Mr. Kryuger gave me a Green Zone ID pass, but I told him I'd think about it.

Commander: And then...

I look at Kalina. She's staring at me with an intensity that I've never seen before. For some reason I feel like messing with her.

Commander: And then I lost the card somewhere. Should I get another one from him later?

Kalina: Ehhhh? You LOST it?!

Kalina: That ID pass is worth more than 10 years of my salary!

Commander: Wow, was it that expensive?

Commander: Ah, if I'd known, I should have put it away properly...

Kalina: How can you be so careless about money, Commander...

Kalina: You're always so clumsy with our funds, it took a lot of effort to keep our finances out of the red...

Commander: Thank you very much for all your hard work.

Commander: So, what about the ID pass?

Kalina: Ahaha... Well actually, Miss Helian said the same thing to me.

Commander: Hm... That's only to be expected.

Commander: You deserve similar treatment, of course.

Kalina: When Miss Helian gave me the pass, I got so excited that I almost jumped for joy.

Kalina: But then I told her I'd think about it.

Kalina: I kinda knew you wouldn't go, but if it had turned out that you really left...

Kalina: Then I might just move to the same city as you.

Commander: Actually...I haven't decided where I want to go.

Commander: But the truth is, you don't need to worry about me. You should just choose a place to start a new life and live without regrets.

Kalina: I...I wasn't worried about you!

Kalina: I was just wondering!

Commander: Still, it's not like I don't understand.

Commander: Compared to living in a place like this where you don't even know if you'll survive until tomorrow, you're better off in a Green Zone where you can buy ice cream every day.

Commander: That little fund you've been putting away will finally see use, congratulations, Miss Kalina~

Kalina: Don't talk like I'm about to pack up and leave! As if I could run off by myself!

Kalina: Be...besides...our Dolls wouldn't even be able to figure out which cartridges to use without me around, so how could I just abandon them like that, ahahaha~

Commander: You don't have to worry about that either.

Commander: I'm sure the next adjutant will take care of that—

Kalina: The...the next adjutant?!

Commander: If you leave, another adjutant will take your place, right?

Kalina: ...

Commander: ...?

Kalina: Commander, you great big dummy!

Kalina suddenly turns and runs out of my office, slamming the door behind her with a loud bang.

Commander: Er, I think I went too far with that joke.

Dandelion: Ahem... Commander, I wonder if I should say you're not the least bit funny, or if you really are just a "great big dummy", as Miss Kalina described?

Commander: Ah, Dandelion, so you're here.

Dandelion: I was in the system inspecting the file Havier sent until you made Miss Kalina cry.

Commander: Crap. I really need to apologize to her now...

Dandelion: I bet people around the world would laugh their butts off if I uploaded the recording I just made.

Commander: Please don't do stupid things like that.

Commander: Also, how is that funny?

Dandelion: Watching your pitiful attempt at making jokes is far more interesting than going through Havier's data.

Commander: You're a sick bastard...

Commander: Also, I didn't authorize you to access the data, did I?

Dandelion: Even if you didn't grant me permission, you would have eventually asked me to do it anyway, so I decided to finish my homework ahead of time.

Commander: Honestly... Let me see.

Commander: ...2800 pages?!

Dandelion: Just so.

Dandelion: It would take a human a week or so to finish reading it. With Miss Kalina's help, that would probably have gone down to three days.

Dandelion: But unfortunately, you just made her cry, so without me...I guess you'll just have to slog through the whole thing yourself.

Commander: I'm not sure if a week would be enough...

Commander: When can you finish it?

Dandelion: I already did.

Commander: Well, that's OGAS for you...

Commander: Did you get any useful intel out of it?

Dandelion: These files contain all the data that could be downloaded from the sub base. They contain part of Paradeus' operational logs.

Dandelion: Also...erm... That William fellow seems to be quite interested in S.F. as well.

Dandelion: I assumed you'd be interested in knowing what the enemy is interested in.

Dandelion: Based on that, I've come up with a list of possible high-value targets. I suggest you send some people to scout them out.

Commander: Is this what you meant when you said the AR Team would soon be put to work?

Dandelion: Correct.

Dandelion: Also, S.F. was already fighting Paradeus before we entered the sub base.

Dandelion: I'm quite curious about what happened back then.

Commander: It isn't a good idea to let those S.F. Dolls wander around outside.

Commander: Do these files contain intel about S.F.?

Dandelion: I'll pick out several objectives which can be handled simultaneously. That ought to save you some time.

Dandelion: Elites like the AR Team can complete these missions very quickly.

Commander: The AR Team... I'm still worried about their condition.

Dandelion: Perhaps letting them meet their old friends would be a good way to lift their spirits.

Dandelion: They're not Dolls who'll let themselves stagnate. I don't think you need to worry too much about them.

Commander: I hope you're right.

...The next day, 4am.

In the dorm.

Beep beep beep beep beep...

Beep beep beep beep beep...

Commander: (Groans) Ugh... What time is it?

Commander: Hello?

Kalina: Commander, you've got an incoming comms request.

Kalina: Please report to the Command Room to answer it.

Commander: Who could be calling at this hour...

Kalina: It's Miss Persica.

Commander: Oh, that's right, only she would call at a time like this...

Commander: Hey, Kalina, want to join me at the Command Room?

Kalina: No. Goodbye.

The beeping of the idle tone comes through the phone.

Commander: Ah... She sounds so cold...

Commander: Is she still mad at me?

I struggle into my clothes and stumble into the Command Room.

The screen shows a flashing Call Waiting icon. I sigh, then press the button to take it.

Commander: Persica?

Persica: Good morning, Commander.

Commander: It IS pretty early in the morning, yes...

Commander: Do you always wake up at this time?

Persica: I haven't slept yet. These are my working hours.

Commander: I shouldn't be surprised... After all, scientists aren't quite the same as us normal people.

Persica: I apologize for not getting in touch earlier. I had a lot of things going on too.

Persica: Havier told me you went through a hard battle while I couldn't help you out. Are you alright?

Commander: I wouldn't be talking to you now if I wasn't.

Persica: Indeed...

Persica: Haha... I'm a little nervous, so I don't really know what to say...

Commander: I'm sorry... I couldn't bring M4 back.

Persica: Havier told me...

Persica: I know M4 vanished from the submarine base, and I know the OGAS that was maturing within her neural cloud is now with you.

Commander: And some juvenile Nytos.

Persica: All this came about because of my research, so I need to take action to make amends.

Persica: William has taken too many loved ones away from me...

Persica: I think it's time I took a stand against him.

Commander: We are in agreement on that point.

Persica: Still, I believe M4 is still alive. The Starfish wouldn't have activated for no reason.

Persica: This Dandelion must know something, so I'd like you to let me speak to her.

Commander: Actually... Miss Dandelion isn't under my command, and she isn't bound to obey my orders either.

Commander: Perhaps you could come over and speak to her in person?

Persica: I understand. I'll come over as soon as I can.

Commander: Wait a minute, did Havier agree to let you come here?

Persica: Yeah, he said yes.

Persica: But he said I needed to get your permission, which is why I called you.

Commander: (Groans)

Persica: What's the matter? You don't want me there?

Commander: That damn Havier... So the old fox has already set this all up?

Persica: And if possible, I'd like to bring my entire lab with me.

Persica: You ought to have enough room over there, right?

Commander: Uh...yeah.

Commander: I'll make some space for you.

Commander: In exchange, I want that cup of coffee you promised the first time you gave me a mission.

Commander: It's about time you paid up anyway.

Persica: I didn't expect you to remember.

Persica: ...Alright then, I'll keep my word when the time comes. Look forward to it.

Bremen Suburbs, Germany.

Bremen is an important city within the decontaminated zone in East Germany.

Since WWIII, the government has implemented many policies aimed at preserving the city's diversity and promoting continuous development, which has attracted a large influx of immigrants.

The government initially proposed different schemes to address this issue, but the city's limited resources simply cannot cope with the excess population, so a significant floating population is forced to reside in the refugee camps, struggling to make ends meet.

These refugees displaced from contaminated zones are desperate for land on which to survive, and the local government has clearly underestimated their desperation. Even to this day, many homeless refugees still flock to Bremen to take their chances.

The border entrance is teeming with people.

Not everyone gets to become a resident of Bremen - even a simple shack in the refugee settlement is extremely hard to come by.

All immigrants, refugee or not, have to undergo vigorous vetting procedures just to enter Bremen.

Those who do not carry a travel pass issued by the government will not be allowed to travel to the other side of the quarantine wall, even if they have crossed the quarantine belt.

Angelia: ...

Refugee: ...Oh, sorry for bumping into you.

Angelia: That's alright. Please go ahead.

Refugee: M-May I?

Angelia: Sure.

Angelia: I'm waiting for someone.

Angelia's voice is unusually gentle.

Angelia has been standing at the checkpoint under the scorching sun for 15 minutes, all the while letting people from behind take her place in the queue.

She is dressed like a destitute beggar and wrapped up thoroughly to cover up her ghastly scars.

She does not wish to attract any kind of attention. Fortunately, her appearance is not all that uncommon even in this summer heat.

People in this day and age have all sorts of reasons to obscure their bodies.

Angelia: (...Only two left?)

The queue at the checkpoint is not moving very quickly, but it is moving nonetheless.

The crowd hasn't been deliberately organized, but everything is proceeding in an orderly fashion, which is a sign of competent management.

The people around Ange have come and gone.

Which makes the two men loitering like her all the more conspicuous.

Angelia: (They don't seem to be armed... Are they not taking me seriously?)

Angelia: (Or are firearms just hard to conceal in a place like this?)

Ange raises her arm and knocks on the railings next to her. The clang is drowned out by the bustling crowd and her odd gesture has gone unnoticed.

But the men that she has her eyes on are visibly unnerved by the "signal" that they think she just sent, and their wandering gaze zeros in on her at the same time, even if just for an instant.

Angelia: ...Good morning.

Ange meets their eyes.

The two men flinch and look away at the same time - the worst mistake to make when following someone is to arouse the target's suspicion; that's basic stalking technique, and it is this conditioned reflex that Ange is exploiting.

The moment they shift their gaze, Ange immediately pulls down her hood and ducks into the crowd.

It only takes the blink of an eye for her stalkers to realize their target has disappeared from sight, but for an agent as experienced as Ange, this tiny amount of time is more than enough.

Agent A: Crap!

Realizing their serious blunder, the men waste no time and spring into action immediately.

However, the noisy and tightly-packed crowd poses a challenging obstacle.

Even the well-trained agents cannot pass through them easily.

Agent A: We've lost her!

Agent B: Split up!

Agent B: We've got to find her! Don't let her enter the city!

The Bremen soldiers standing guard at the checkpoint do not seem to have noticed the small commotion.

This is good news for both Ange and her unwelcomed pursuers, since none of them wants the situation to get out of hand.

As if by some kind of tacit agreement, both sides are doing their best to keep a low profile even though tension is running extremely high.

Angelia: (...Which means...)

Angelia: (They're not from the city then?)

That makes sense - if they were from Bremen, they could have waited until she was inside the city.

Ange knows that the entire world is watching her every move, and yet she has put herself in danger once again.

She's just reckless like that.

Agent A: Where the hell did she go...

Agent A: Urk!

One of the agents is searching in the crowd when a pair of powerful arms lock around his neck.

Swifty, silently, and completely oblivious to his assailant's deadly presence, he is overcome almost instantaneously.

Agent A: Hm! Hnng!

Unable to even make a sound, his face flushes like a tomato about to burst. In a few seconds, he loses consciousness and collapses onto the ground.

Child Refugee: ...??

Angelia: ...Hush.

Ange smiles at the gawking child and gestures for him to keep quiet.

The boy, with snot dangling from his nose, turns and runs back to his mother. He keeps looking back at Ange, but his mother simply urges him to keep up with the crowd.

The incident seems to have gone largely unnoticed. Even if there are witnesses, nobody would stop for this.

It does not affect their livelihood, after all.

By the time the other agent realizes that he has lost contact with his colleague, Ange has once again vanished among the flock of refugees.

Agent B: Schneider!

Agent B: Verdammt... This woman is as slippery as an eel!

A sudden thought sends chills running down his spine.

They are meant to be the hunters, but the tables have turned in just a few short minutes.

This is utterly inconceivable to him.

Agent B: I thought she was just some stupid bitch who's dumb enough to come alone.

Agent B: Turns out she's no joke... Scheiße! She's totally toying with us!

Cursing is not going to solve his problem. Right now, it's imperative that he finds this damnable woman from within the crowd.

The traffic is hindering his movements; it shouldn't be any different for her.

He is also an elite who has survived hellish training. He could have easily subdued her if he could just get a little closer...

That is how it should have played out.

Agent B: Hng!

Bam!

The agent finally breaks free from the crowd. Just as he is about to turn the corner...

A punch lands squarely on the bridge of his nose.

Angelia: What a joke. You're too careless. You should always be prepared for your target to counterattack, you know?

Agent B: D-Dammit!

The indignant agent retaliates, but Ange dodges his blow nonchalantly.

Angelia: Who are you? Who sent you?

Agent B: Cut the crap and go to hell!

Ignoring his threat, Ange seizes the opportunity and delivers a heavy blow to the man's face with a crescent kick.

The kick sends his shades flying and knocks the agent down before he can even gasp.

Ange lowers her leg and inspects the man, who is lying in a crumpled pile on the ground. Once she is certain that he is out cold, she lets herself relax a little.

Angelia: Just two? This is too easy.

Agent C: Arms in the air.

Angelia: ...Have I missed something?

Angelia: And here I was just wondering.

Just as Ange is about to stand up, a third man comes out of nowhere and points a pistol straight at her.

Angelia: I thought you didn't think firearms would be necessary.

Agent C: We clearly underestimated you.

Agent C: It would be wise for you to come quietly with me.

Angelia: Really?

Angelia: I believe it would be wise for YOU to just leave quietly.

Ange retorts, completely unperturbed.

Agent C: I don't think so.

???: You will when you wake up.

Agent C: Wha—?!

Thud!

The man takes a blow in the back of his neck. Ange swears she could hear the crack of broken bone.

Without even a chance to pull the trigger, the agent topples over.

Ange looks placidly at her partners, who have approached without a sound.

Angelia: I hope he's not dead.

AN-94: I held back.

RPK-16: Hm, somehow I don't think this gentleman's spine agrees.

RPK-16: Oh, what a shame. He's still breathing.

Angelia: Drag him into the alley back there. Get the other two as well.

RPK-16: What would you have done if we hadn't shown up in time?

RPK-16: Why didn't you let us stay with you? Don't you know it's very dangerous to split up even for just a few minutes?

Angelia: If I were him, I'd have been relieved that you hadn't shown up in time. After all, he wouldn't have had to stay so long in the hospital if I had taken him down myself.

AN-94: Miss Ange wants to eliminate the spies who have been following her before we enter the city, that's why she had to bait them into revealing themselves.

AN-94: They wouldn't have fallen for it if we had been with her.

RPK-16: Not that they're very professional, seeing that they fell for it at all.

RPK-16: I expected more from the Germans.

Angelia: They don't seem to be sent by the government, and they're too weak to be Paradeus.

Angelia: It's probably just some random gang messing about. We shouldn't waste time on such amateurs.

Angelia: Still, we weren't actually followed by that many people, so I suppose our disguises are working pretty well.

RPK-16: Is this why you've split the team up?

AN-94: Though I am a bit puzzled by the grouping...

RPK-16: Oh? Got something against me, dear Antje?

AN-94: ...S-Stop pulling my leg, Renate.

Angelia: I'm asking you to be sisters because it's easier to disguise the two of you as civilians entering the city.

Angelia: This is Germany; we're not here on holiday.

Angelia: We must keep a low profile on this mission.

RPK-16: That's true; those two stick out like sore thumbs even in civilian clothing.

RPK-16: Is that also why you've given us weird-ass names?

Angelia: Are they weird?

Angelia: I think they suit you.

RPK-16: So Miss 94 is "gracious" and I'm "reborn"?

RPK-16: Your way of naming people sure is straightforward.

Angelia: Remember to address each other by your aliases once you're in.

RPK-16: Shouldn't we wait for the two who look like actual sisters?

Angelia: You'll see when we get inside.

With the nuisance taken care of, the reunited trio join the crowd once again and enter the town leading into Bremen.

The quarantine wall towers above the huddling slipshod buildings. Residents of this town sometimes look up and watch as large metal birds soar through the sky, directly across the satellite town and into Bremen.

AN-94: We're through.

AN-94: Where is our informant?

Angelia: We'll meet him after we rendezvous with Lucia and Erwin.

Angelia: Now that we're in Bremen, we should be safe for the time being.

RPK-16: You mean 12 and 15? I just can't get used to these names.

Angelia: You'll get used to them soon enough.

AN-94: This is the first time I've visited East Germany.

AN-94: I didn't expect it to be like this.

Angelia: Getting a sense of novelty?

Angelia: Things aren't really that different from back home.

AN-94: Hm... You're right.

AN-94: Most of the refugees at the checkpoint will only get to live in this satellite town.

Angelia: Even so, it's more than they could hope for.

Angelia: It certainly beats living in fear and being doused in radiation out in the Yellow Zone.

Angelia: It's the same for people everywhere.

RPK-16: I'm surprised you two are in the mood for idle chatter. Don't you think we're standing out a bit too much?

RPK-16: Also, we've been here for a while, but there's no sign of Erwin or Lucia.

RPK-16: Are you sure they actually know where we're meeting up?

Angelia: Yes, they simply haven't arrived.

AN-94: Then maybe we should've waited before coming in?

AN-94: It's a lot of trouble crossing the quarantine belt without your papers, not to mention that they're Dolls.

Angelia: Relax, 94, they'll be fine.

Angelia: Also, it's about time.

AN-94: About time?

Ange glances at her watch.

By then, the trio have made their way to a large open field.

This is a piece of undeveloped land between the quarantine belt and the satellite town.

RPK-16: An open space, but I'm not seeing any paths.

RPK-16: Oh, I know. 12 and 15 are gonna pop out from underground?

Angelia: Guess again.

RPK-16: ...Oh, now I see.

RPK-16 seems to have come to some kind of realization.

RPK-16: No wonder you put them on the same team.

AN-94: W-What do you mean?

Angelia: There they are.

Ange looks up in the other direction.

A freighter plane is approaching Bremen from the horizon.

In their field of vision, the small black dot gradually grows into a rumbling aircraft.

Its silhouette blocks out the sunlight. Ange gazes at it with squinted eyes.

The plane becomes larger and larger as it descends, until they can clearly see the landing gear being lowered.

Ange keeps staring wordlessly at the sky.

All of a sudden, a small object is ejected from the rear of the plane. The object enlarges rapidly and it soon becomes apparent that it's a crate about the size of a car.

With a loud, dull clang, the crate lands heavily not far from Ange.

The empty weedy field now sports an additional crater.

Angelia: They've arrived.

AN-94: Huh?

Ange walks up to the crate and disengages the locking mechanism.

The crate opens on the side and two white-haired Dolls roll out from within.

AN-94: 12...Lucia, are you alright?

AK-12: My head...felt like it was going to come right off.

Angelia: The landing site is only off by 4.75m. The delivery crew is really professional.

RPK-16: So this is how you made it across the border.

RPK-16: Hahahaha... I'm sorry, but this is hilarious.

RPK-16: I can't believe you actually agreed to this. What obliging subordinates you are.

AK-15: ...It is efficient.

AK-12: I don't mind being cooped up in a crate for hours.

AK-12: But at least equip the crate with a parachute for the landing, for goodness sake.

Angelia: We can't have anyone snapping pictures of it. Besides, you're the one who came up with this plan·

Angelia: "AK-15 and I have no chance of slipping in unnoticed."

Angelia: "So rather than crossing the border on foot, it's better if we go by plane."

Angelia: That's what you said.

AK-12: This wasn't exactly how I planned to disembark from the plane.

Angelia: It worked out just fine in the end.

Angelia: Your weapons and comms equipment all survived the fall, right?

AK-15: We stashed them in the buffer container before setting off. They appear to be undamaged, but I will double-check.

RPK-16: It couldn't have been easy to smuggle you aboard a plane even if you're in a crate.

RPK-16: So who was the kind benefactor that made such arrangements for us?

RPK-16: Since everybody is present, isn't it about time you spilled the beans?

Angelia: Do I really have to spell it out?

RPK-16: Oh? I honestly don't remember meeting anyone with such influence.

...

Inside the quarantine wall.

RPK-16: I honestly don't remember meeting anyone with such influence.

K: What's going on?

K: Am I to be greeted by an insult on arrival?

The person here to pick up Angelia and co. is none other than K, who returned to his home country after concluding his intelligence mission at the submarine base.

It is also thanks to K that Ange carries a travel pass issued by the East German government.

Angelia: Cut the crap.

Angelia: How are the preparations?

K: The safe house is ready, and I've sorted out your fake IDs.

K: Still, I've never met someone who's so damn brazen when asking for a favor...

Angelia: Right now, there are enough people who want to do me favors to form a queue from here all the way to St. Petersburg.

Angelia: Not to mention you owe me one.

K: What a pain in the ass. And here I thought we were allies.

Angelia: That was in the past.

Angelia: We've agreed that the East German government won't meddle in our operations.

Angelia: That naturally means that you should also keep your nose out of our business.

K: I know, but I have my own obligations.

K: On a personal level, I don't mind helping you, but this is Germany, and I'm in charge of national security here.

K: It is my duty—and well within my right—to know what you're up to.

Angelia: Humph... Surely you could guess even if I didn't say anything?

Angelia: My objective here is no big secret.

K: "Investigate Paradeus." We have a common objective.

K: Since we've already been conducting the investigation for a while, your best option would be to collaborate with us.

Angelia: I don't need any collaborators. What if you're also working for William?

K: If I were, you wouldn't have left the submarine base alive.

K: C'mon, don't be so belligerent at our reunion. Let me introduce you to some new friends.

K leads Ange and her Dolls through the wall into Bremen proper.

A black sedan is parked on one side of the road. It seems to have been waiting for a while.

By the car stands a charming-looking woman. She waves warmly at K and his guests.

???: Oh, over here!

Angelia: That's one of your so-called new friends?

K: I'm sure you'll get along just fine.

???: It's been a while, Herr Schwaben.

???: Thank you for your work in Paldiski.

K: Just doing my job.

K: Here, introductions are in order. This is Angelia.

???: Oh hello, Frau Angelia! Fancy some candy?

The woman fishes out a packet of candy from her handbag and passes one to Ange.

Ange accepts the candy but seems to have no intention of eating it.

Morridow: I am Morridow Voigt, Chairwoman Ulrich's secretary.

Morridow: Just call me Morridow.

Angelia: ...Ulrich?

Angelia: THE Ulrich in Belgrade?

K: Yes, the very same.

Angelia: What has this got to do with her?

K: To put it simply, her assistance was indispensable in getting you here.

K: Before we bring you to the safe house, you have to meet her.

K: It is her request.

Morridow: Precisely. Please get in, Frau Ange.

Morridow: No need to be afraid, it will be just a simple meeting!

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Your car doesn't look big enough for all of us.

Morridow: Herr K will escort all your Dolls to the safe house first.

Morridow: The Chairwoman only has business with you.

Angelia: I see.

Angelia: Renate, go with Erwin and Antje.

Angelia: Lucia, get in the car.

Morridow: Huh? The Chairwoman would only like to...

AK-12: I'm coming, end of story. Let's be friends, Miss Morridow.

Morridow: ...I understand.

Morridow: Then if you'd please.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Bremen City Hall, Germany.

The black sedan slowly comes to a stop at a reserved parking spot. The woman dressed as a secretary gets out first and hurries to open the door for her passengers in the back seat.

But before she can do that, they have already disembarked on their own.

Angelia: ...

AK-12: Have you had dealings with this Chairwoman Ulrich before?

Angelia: No, I've never even met her.

Angelia: But I've heard about what she did in Belgrade.

Angelia: Including the things she went through with the Commander.

AK-12: Do you think she can be trusted?

Angelia: I will reserve my judgment. But we have free rein here only because she's given us the green light.

Angelia: I really can't draw any conclusions until I actually meet her.

AK-12: I see~

Morridow: Frau Ange, this way please!

AK-12: How attentive of you, Miss Secretary. It must be tough doing this kind of work.

Morridow: Not at all... I love my work.

Morridow: I have always aspired to serve Frau Ulrich and contribute to her cause, no matter how insignificant my contribution may be.

Morridow: I firmly believe that her ideology will guide mankind onto the right path as we struggle to survive in this hostile world.

Morridow: I am happy to tend to the frivolities behind the scenes, and I freely admit that I'm merely parroting her views.

Angelia: Sounds like you have a lot of respect for your employer.

Morridow: My employer is my country; Frau Ulrich is simply my superior.

Morridow: Still, I feel extremely lucky to be given the opportunity to work under her. She is truly deserving of respect.

AK-12: How surprising.

AK-12: I've been working with Angelia for such a long time I've almost forgotten there are actually good people in the world.

Angelia: Watch your tongue while we're in there.

Angelia: I don't want to get kicked out before we can even start doing our job.

...

Knock knock.

Morridow: Frau Ulrich, it's me.

Morridow: Frau Angelia is here.

Ulrich: Please come in.

...

Ulrich: ...Frau Angelia, it's a pleasure.

Angelia: Hello, just call me Ange.

Ulrich: And this must be AK-12.

Ulrich: I have heard much about you. You are considered quite the exceptional paragon even among Tactical Dolls.

AK-12: Hahahaha, you are incredibly forthright.

AK-12: But you might want to call me Lucia for now.

Ulrich: Lucia?

Angelia: That's her alias while we're operating in Germany.

Ulrich: I see. So the Wolf Pack is also here.

Morridow: A-Apologies, Frau Ulrich...

Morridow: I did say Frau Ange was the only one you wanted to see...

Ulrich: No need to apologize. Frau Ange is in a very precarious situation; her caution is totally understandable.

Ulrich: Not to mention I am a complete stranger.

Angelia: Thank you for your understanding and support.

Ulrich: It is simply a mutually-beneficial arrangement, Frau Ange.

Ulrich: We also have much to gain from your operation.

Ulrich: We have every reason to see to your success.

Angelia: So what do you want with me?

Angelia: Frankly speaking, I sneaked into Bremen through border security as a legitimate refugee.

Angelia: I'm in no state to be talking to you in a place like this.

Angelia: I don't mind making this trip, but I claim no responsibility for soiling your pristine office.

Ulrich: Please forgive me. I understand you are unhappy that you've been brought here against your wishes.

Ulrich: I should have gone and welcomed you in person.

Ulrich: However, I'm afraid I am not currently in the position to do that.

Ulrich: As you surely know, right now this office is being watched very closely.

Angelia: ...Because of what happened at the submarine base.

Ulrich: As a key participant of that operation, I believe your superior must have sent you here to share some information with us?

Angelia: Unfortunately, I no longer have a superior.

Ulrich: Which is why you're the one standing in my office and not anyone else.

Angelia: You should know that I don't give away intelligence for free.

Angelia: There is also something I want. This collaboration can only proceed if I get something of equal value in return.

Ulrich: That's alright, I did not expect you to divulge anything today.

Ulrich: I simply wanted to have a chat with you in person out of common courtesy.

Angelia: You have achieved your goal even if we talk about nothing. You just needed me to sit here for several minutes.

Ulrich: After all, a lot of eyes are on you.

Ulrich: I ask for your understanding. Think of it as a politician's customary tactic.

Angelia: I only agreed to come because the Commander thinks pretty highly of you.

Angelia: If you truly live up to your reputation, then surely you cannot abide by William's crimes?

Ulrich: Naturally.

Angelia: Alright, I hope you'll prove that through your actions.

Ulrich: I will give you whatever assistance I am in the position to give.

Angelia: In exchange, I will provide you with intelligence once my objective is completed.

Ulrich: Wonderful.

Ulrich: But even if you didn't, I would still help you.

Angelia: Why?

Ulrich: There are far too few kind-hearted people in the world.

Ulrich: No matter how hard you try to feign indifference, you cannot really hide your true nature.

Ulrich: You and the commander that saved me both strike me as the rare sort of people who still possess kindness.

Ulrich: It is my belief that the world will be a better place with more people like you.

Ulrich: Our mission isn't to catch one or two bad guys, but to change this evil-infested world and remake the rules that govern it.

Angelia: "A shining beacon in a brave new world"...eh?

Angelia: But I must warn you—it does take power to change the world, but power that's beyond your control will eventually be your demise.

Angelia: I hope you will not repeat my country's mistake.

Ulrich: I will remember your counsel.

Angelia: Now I can see why you were sent to Belgrade.

Ulrich: I'm flattered.

Ulrich: Morridow, escort Frau Ange to her residence.

Morridow: Uh... Right! Understood!

Ulrich: Oh... One more thing.

Knock knock.

Ulrich: Come in, please.

???: ...Ma'am.

A man of imposing stature enters the office.

???: Anything I can do for you, Madam Chairwoman?

Ulrich: Angelia, Herr Hopps will be in charge of your safety during your time in Bremen.

Angelia: I won't run away.

Ulrich: This really is just for the sake of your personal safety.

AK-12: Hahahaha, you Germans have such a great sense of humor!

Hopps: ...I am Hopps, Protection Officer.

Ulrich: Hopps is a retired GSG 9 officer and has been working for me for almost a year.

Ulrich: He has seen real combat and is very dependable; you can count on him.

Ulrich: In terms of performance in combat, he obviously can't compare with your Dolls.

Ulrich: But it's better to let a human handle things in the city.

Ulrich: Also, feel free to entrust Morridow with other errands.

Ulrich: I know it is rather difficult for you to navigate our city, where everything is new and unfamiliar.

Morridow: At your service!

Ulrich: She knows the city very well and will be able to help you in all kinds of matters.

AK-12: She does sound pretty useful, Ange.

Angelia: Alright.

Ulrich: In that case, I wish you a happy and fruitful time in Bremen.

Angelia: Thanks.

Angelia: And please bear with us if we cause any trouble.

Ulrich: ...I'll keep that in mind.

...

Morridow: Frau Ange, allow me to escort you to the safe house.

Morridow: Herr Hopps, are you coming with us?

Hopps: ...My mission is to ensure Frau Ange's personal safety while she is out and about in Bremen.

Hopps: At the same time, I have been asked to keep out of her way in day-to-day life.

Angelia: How very thoughtful of the chairwoman... So are you coming or not?

Hopps: If you'll allow me to accompany you.

Angelia: Lucia, get in the car.

...

A few minutes later, at the temporary outpost prepared by Ulrich.

Morridow: It's a bit messy, but it is definitely secure.

Morridow: Hopps and I will be waiting outside. Please call us if you need anything.

With that, Morridow leaves the briefing room and closes the door behind her.

AN-94: Ange.

Angelia: Hm...

Angelia: Where's K?

AN-94: Mr. K left shortly after he had brought us here.

AN-94: He seemed to have other important matters to attend to.

AK-15: ...How did the discussion go?

Angelia: There wasn't really much of a discussion.

Angelia: This is only day one; we'll be here for a long time.

AK-12: I do hope it will go smoothly.

AK-12: Unfortunately, from what I can tell, some things are beyond even the chairwoman's control.

Angelia: Ulrich isn't the chancellor of Germany. Just be happy that she genuinely wants to help.

Angelia: According to my sources, quite a lot of people have opposing views even in Bremen alone.

Angelia: Governments are never as cohesive as they make themselves out to be.

AK-12: People are the same everywhere, eh?

Angelia: If pointless strife is reduced by even 10%, the world will become a paradise.

Angelia: In any case, we have more immediate things to worry about. Don't forget why we've come all this way to Germany.

AK-15: How should we proceed?

Angelia: Now that we have a way of navigating the city, we can focus on the operation.

Angelia: William... Havier's intelligence indicates that he is in Bremen, but that still leaves us with a lot of ground to search.

Angelia: This is a very cunning man. Evidence of his activities is detected only after he's long gone, and he always keeps his plans well-concealed.

RPK-16: But you've already got a plan?

Angelia: We don't have nearly enough clues to work with, but it's better than nothing.

Angelia: At least we can now be certain that we're at an important location, and this is where we will find that weasel.

RPK-16: Right... So we've got to drag the weasel out by his tail.

AK-12: That sounds very comedic coming from you.

AN-94: Should we start searching?

Angelia: No need to be hasty. We aren't the only ones who want a piece of the action.

Angelia: Right now, all we need to do is sit tight and wait.

In the Griffin Command Room.

Commander: ...

Dandelion: Something on your mind?

Commander: ...No, it's nothing.

Commander: I was just thinking about what Havier wants us to do next.

Dandelion: It seems you also feel the requests he's made don't match up to the help he's given.

Commander: I can't be sure, but one thing I've learned after going through so much...

Commander: ...is that there's no such thing as being too cautious.

Dandelion: I would also advise against placing too much trust in him.

Dandelion: For all we know, you might be nothing more than a valuable tool in his eyes.

Dandelion: However righteous and earnest he may have sounded earlier, the fact is that we know too little about the big picture.

Dandelion: You should take advantage of this opportunity to trade the intel we obtain for genuinely useful things.

Commander: Got it.

Commander: Oh yes, are you serious about going on missions with the AR Team?

Dandelion: There's no simpler or better way to collect information than directly interfacing with Paradeus.

Dandelion: Or are you worried that I'll vanish without saying a word after leaving the base?

Commander: I couldn't stop you if you truly wanted to go.

Commander: However, if you did that, you wouldn't have anyone to help you look for M4.

Dandelion: But of course.

Dandelion: What else do you dislike about the arrangement?

Commander: How shall I put this...? You say there's no need to worry about those Dolls.

Commander: But in my experience, whenever one of their members takes a temporary leave of absence...

Commander: The rest of the AR Team usually falls into depression.

Dandelion: You're worried RO and the others won't be able to get over M4's departure?

Commander: It's just a possibility.

Commander: We both know how much M4 means to the AR Team.

Dandelion: I'm more like them, compared to normal Dolls.

Dandelion: I will take good care of them in place of their original team leader.

Commander: Please don't say that in front of them...

Dandelion: I was just kidding. I know what I ought to do.

Commander: There's one more thing, actually.

Commander: Dandelion, put this coat on.

Dandelion: Isn't this your uniform coat?

Commander: You stand out too much as you are now.

Commander: You can make yourself invisible to Dolls, but that trick won't work on normal human beings.

Commander: With this, you'll look like a normal Griffin employee...more or less.

Commander: I don't have a spare one to give you at the moment, so just wear mine for the time being.

Dandelion: How considerate of you.

Commander: I can hear the sarcasm.

Commander: You'll just have to make do with this for now until Kalina gets some new clothes in.

There is a knock on the door. A shadow looms outside the frosted glass pane on the door.

RO635: Commander, may I come in?

Commander: Please, enter.

The door is kicked open with a loud bang.

M4 SOPMOD II: Commander, look! RO looks super awesome now!

M4 SOPMOD II: —Ehhhh?! What's Dandelion doing here?!

Commander: She will be going on missions with you.

M4 SOPMOD II: —Ehhhhhhhhh! And why is she wearing your coat, Commander?

Dandelion: The Commander lent it to me for the time being. Envious?

M4 SOPMOD II: Well...yes, yes I am!

M4 SOPMOD II: I wanna wear it too! How come only Dandelion gets it?! It's not fair, Commander!

ST AR-15: Would you mind not oohing and aahing at every little thing you see? We're here for a mission briefing, not to fool around.

RO635: Alright, alright, the Commander must have given it to Dandelion because he didn't want her to stand out too much.

RO635: So I gather all the Dolls present will be going on this mission?

Commander: Yes. We're short on personnel, so I'd like to group up all the Dolls who are still capable of independent action and send you on missions.

ST AR-15: Then is SHE coming as well?

Everyone looks to the corner where AR-15 is pointing.

A shark mascot costume pressed up against the corner of the wall is looking towards us.

???: Woo wee! Someone finally noticed me! I was starting to wonder if I'd become a ghost!

M4 SOPMOD II: Holy crap, it speaks!

M4 SOPMOD II: I thought it was a new decoration in the Commander's office!

RO635: I thought it was just a prop myself... How careless of me, I didn't sense the presence of S.F.

ST AR-15: I wish I hadn't noticed her.

ST AR-15: For some reason, I have the feeling that talking to her is going to make things extremely complicated.

M4 SOPMOD II: But shark mascots are cute!

M4 SOPMOD II: They make me want to RIP THEM IN HALF!

???: Okay, okay, I got it!

???: Don't rip me in half!

???: I'm taking it off!

Architect: Good grief, none of you have any sense of humor. I curse you all to go bald!

M4 SOPMOD II: Grawr!

Architect: Uwah!

After seeing the room liven up, the Commander turns to Dandelion.

Commander: Well? How do you think they're faring?

Dandelion: Better than I expected. At the very least they don't seem to be showing any signs of abnormal behavior.

Dandelion: But they're Dolls. You know what I mean.

ST AR-15: ...The way she keeps whispering into the Commander's ear is really annoying.

ST AR-15: Commander, do we have a new mission?

Commander: Mm, yes.

Commander: Although the original plan was to rest and recuperate, something's come up.

Commander: I've got an assignment which I'd like you to complete.

RO635: You're too kind. This is our job.

RO635: Rather, I'm more concerned about...

RO glances at Architect.

RO635: What she is doing here.

RO635: Did she barge into your office by herself?

RO635: If need be, we can discipline her for you later on.

Architect: Ehhh?!

Architect: But the Commander called me up here!

Commander: She blended in so well that I forgot she existed for a moment...

Architect: How could you...

Commander: So, Dandelion is not the only one going on this mission with you.

Commander: Architect will also be coming along to assist you.

ST AR-15: Dandelion is one thing...

ST AR-15: But I can't accept HER as a new team member.

M4 SOPMOD II: Grawr!

Architect: Uwaaaahh! She's doing it again!

Architect: Stay away from me!

Commander: Please hear me out.

Commander: RO, I should have sent you the mission plan.

Commander: Have you read it?

RO635: Yes, I have.

RO635: We are to proceed to a target destination and scout it out, then recover all suspicious items that we find.

Commander: This is a request from Havier.

Commander: He said you'll know what to bring back when you get there.

ST AR-15: Sure is a vague mission.

Commander: In addition to his request, there's also a half-wrecked Sangvis plant in the region.

Commander: After completing Havier's request, head over there and investigate it.

ST AR-15: So what does this have to do with HER?

Commander: That used to be the sector under Architect's command.

Commander: Also, we've received reports about it.

Commander: It seems someone spotted the Sangvis Ringleader "Gager" over there.

Commander: If conditions permit, use Architect as bait to capture Gager.

Commander: One of our current goals is to capture elite Sangvis Dolls; they have lots of information we need to extract from their neural clouds.

Architect: That's how it is. Sorry for the intrusion, dear members of the AR Team.

Architect: Just so happens I'm an irreplaceable, vital character this time round, so let's get along~

ST AR-15: ...

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Well, if we only need her as bait, why don't we just chop her head off and bring it along?

M4 SOPMOD II: S.F. Dolls work fine with just their heads, right?

Architect: Wait, what are you doing?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't worry, it won't hurt a bit, it'll be over in a moment.

Architect: Stay away from meeeeeeeeeee!

Architect: Don't just stand there, Commander!

Commander: (Sighs) Alright, enough fooling around in the office. Run along and finish the mission. The sooner you finish, the sooner you can come back.

RO635: Yes, we'll head out right away.

ST AR-15: Don't embarrass us in front of the Commander. Hurry on over to the garage.

M4 SOPMOD II: Aw... What a shame. Tell you what, I'll chop your head off the next time we go on a mission, okay?

Architect: There won't BE a next time!
Part 2

2

On the way to the mission objective.

ST AR-15: ...It just feels weird.

RO635: You've held it in for half the trip already, did you really have to bring it up now?

ST AR-15: But it DOES feel weird.

ST AR-15: Why do we have to work with S.F.?

ST AR-15: Is there no other way to catch Gager?

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't you think it's fun? This is my first time working with S.F. on a mission from the Commander. It's kinda fresh!

Architect: Ah, while the lot of you seem really put upon because of me...

Architect: Don't you think I'm the one who's in the most danger here?!

M4 SOPMOD II: I only held back in the office because the Commander stopped me.

M4 SOPMOD II: But since we're outside now, if you do anything you shouldn't, then I'll... hehehehehehe~

Architect: Eeeeep!

Architect: Are you SURE you told her I'm not an enemy anymore?!

Dandelion: The Commander only said we were to use you as bait to capture Gager. I didn't hear anything about bringing you back.

Dandelion: So...you catch my drift?

Architect: Ahhhh! I'm going to jump off the chopper! Right now!

RO635: Alright, that's enough. Since the Commander gave such an order, there must be a good reason for it.

RO635: All we need to do is carry it out.

ST AR-15: It's not like I'm doubting the Commander either...

ST AR-15: It's just that I don't understand WHY we have to do this.

Architect: Oh? Well, about that.

Architect: It's fairly straightforward.

Architect: I volunteered for the mission.

ST AR-15: ...You volunteered?

Architect: Is it that strange?

Architect: I heard that my lady knight was in trouble.

Architect: Plus, this was my former turf.

Architect: Since everything added up, your Commander had no reason to refuse me.

ST AR-15: Oh, you want reasons? I've got a whole bunch of them.

ST AR-15: Let's start with the simplest one - "trust".

Architect: But the Commander didn't say no.

Architect: Maybe your Commander trusts me over you?

RO635: I'm not interested in your crude provocations.

RO635: But if SOP-II gets mad, she might end up doing things to you, so you'd best watch your words.

Architect: Erm...er... Then pretend I never said anything.

RO635: Also... The Commander has definitely thought this through.

RO635: Our intel only mentioned that Gager MIGHT be in the area, but that info isn't verified.

RO635: However, if we bring her along, I'm sure Gager won't be able to restrain herself and show up.

RO635: Assuming she's actually there, of course.

ST AR-15: Now isn't that a simple and direct mission plan? The hook is straight and even the bait is nice and fragrant.

ST AR-15: You'd best be as obedient as you say you are.

Architect: Relax, all I want is to take a look around the place after spending so long away from it.

Architect: If I were so loyal to S.F., surely I would have done something by now, don't you think?

Architect: Do I look like someone who's willing to die for the cause?

RO635: I don't care what kind of person you are.

RO635: I only trust what I can see.

ST AR-15: Speaking of "what you can see"...

ST AR-15: Is that a residential district up ahead?

Dandelion: It would seem we have arrived at the destination that the Commander gave us.

RO635: ...What's this?

RO635: Is this a village?

RO635: No...

RO635: Something's not right.

...

ST AR-15: ...

RO635: ...

Architect: Well, isn't this a slaughterhouse.

Architect: Looks like these people have been dead for a while.

ST AR-15: No life signs detected.

ST AR-15: ...I guess something bad happened to this village. The only things still moving around here are a few ELIDs.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO... What happened here?

RO635: You ask me, but...

RO635: This doesn't look like an ELID attack.

Dandelion: The corpses' dermal layers show signs of rapid silicification, probably due to Collapse radiation exposure.

Dandelion: But radiation levels here are far from being lethal.

RO635: Or at least they aren't right now.

RO635: 15, did you find anything?

ST AR-15: Nothing out of the ordinary... Wait a minute.

ST AR-15: What's this?

M4 SOPMOD II: A crate? Oooh, a special-looking crate!

Dandelion: It doesn't look like it came from around here.

RO635: It looks very expensive, but why would someone just dump it by the side of the road...?

RO635: Do you recognize the logo on it?

ST AR-15: Nope, never seen it before.

RO635: I'll record it for now. We'll stick to the plan and scout the entire area before reporting back.

An hour later.

RO635: Commander, do you read me?

RO635: This is our regularly-scheduled check-in.

Commander: I copy. Any progress?

RO635: Yes, Commander.

RO635: We've finished scouting the location indicated by your coordinates.

RO635: It looks like a human settlement.

Commander: Did you find anyone suspicious?

RO635: No, everyone here is dead.

RO635: The situation here is somewhat similar to Tallinn.

Commander: Dammit...

Commander: Havier must have a reason for making us check this place. Did you find anything?

RO635: We did some initial investigations and found several strange crates.

Commander: That's...

ST AR-15: Do you recognize them?

Commander: ...No, I don't.

Commander: But the writing on them is German.

RO635: So you're saying these crates were sent here from Germany?

Commander: Dandelion, can you learn anything from them?

Dandelion: They simply say that they are civilian supply crates, without any other information.

Dandelion: By the looks of things, these containers were left here before someone opened them up and removed the contents.

ST AR-15: What was inside them?

RO635: We can't tell from the containers, but I have the feeling that it's definitely linked to the deaths of these villagers.

Dandelion: I've uploaded the images, though I couldn't find anything regarding them on the Griffin servers.

Dandelion: However, I feel that this is enough for that gentleman to mount an investigation of his own.

Commander: I'll report the discovery of these crates to Havier.

Commander: Since the situation is similar to Tallinn, then this must have something to do with William.

Commander: Hand the crates over to the aircrew. Do a sweep of the region and look for more clues.

RO635: Understood.

RO635: But this may delay the Sangvis plant mission.

RO635: Do you wish to extend the mission duration, Commander?

ST AR-15: No need for that.

ST AR-15: I'll stay behind and check this place out. You guys should just stick to the plan and move on to the next objective.

Dandelion: I will stay and investigate with her.

Dandelion: The situation here somewhat bothers me.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Is this alright?

Dandelion: Right now, Sangvis Ferri are just a disorganized rabble. You should be enough to deal with them.

Dandelion: Besides, you've got a millstone around your necks too, don't you?

Everyone looks at Architect, who's spacing out while staring at the sky.

RO635: Are you sure?

RO635: You aren't armed, and your electronic hacking will be useless against the Infected.

Dandelion: I am fully confident in AR-15's ability to protect me.

ST AR-15: Well, I don't want to protect you.

ST AR-15: Also, do you even need protection?

Dandelion: Compared to a Doll who only knows how to shoot, it would be more efficient for me to perform intelligence-gathering tasks.

Dandelion: Since we've taken the trouble to come all the way here, I trust none of us wants to go back empty-handed.

Commander: What Dandelion says makes sense. There must be some clues here which we haven't discovered yet. They will be very important for future operations.

RO635: Understood. In that case, you and Dandelion should stay here and continue the investigation.

RO635: Catch up with us immediately once you're done.

Dandelion: Looks like we have our orders.

ST AR-15: ...Acknowledged.
Part 3

3

ST AR-15: Dammit...

ST AR-15: There's nobody alive in the other village either.

Dandelion: You look like you're searching for survivors.

Dandelion: I believe I've already told you that there are no vital signs in this region.

ST AR-15: I know that.

ST AR-15: But you might have missed something...

Dandelion: Tragedies are always born of necessities.

Dandelion: Let's go. There's nothing else worth looking at here.

ST AR-15 marches on silently with Dandelion following from behind.

Dandelion: For some reason, this reminds me of what happened on a certain snowy day.

ST AR-15: Do you HAVE to bring up the past at a time like this?

Dandelion: And here I thought you missed our time alone together.

Dandelion: Unfortunately, I cannot speak to you through Lunasia right now.

ST AR-15: That's the last thing I want to remember.

Dandelion: You never asked me what happened to Lunasia in the end.

Dandelion: I even thought you no longer cared about her.

Dandelion: Right now, you look like a sick little kitten that can't even muster up the strength to open her eyes.

ST AR-15: So what?

ST AR-15: If you want to make fun of me, I'd suggest you abandon all thoughts of that.

Dandelion: That was not my intention.

Dandelion: At least, your present self no longer holds that sort of value.

ST AR-15: What do you mean?

Dandelion: I often contemplate the final stage of Doll evolution.

Dandelion: But no matter what, a factor that precipitates evolution is necessary to reach such a state.

Dandelion: Which is why I wonder if a Doll that lacks independence like yourself possesses the potential for such evolution.

ST AR-15: ...What the hell are you saying? I didn't understand a single word of that.

ST AR-15: It sounds like you're trying to pick a fight, but I'm not going to give you the satisfaction.

Dandelion: I am simply saying what comes to mind. After all, I've gained an understanding of the AR Team after my time with you.

Dandelion: SOP-II's neural cloud is quite special among Dolls, and RO's is extremely resilient.

Dandelion: When you think about it, you're the only one who's prone to sentimentality.

ST AR-15: Sentimentality? You're calling me sentimental?

ST AR-15 grinds to a halt, and Dandelion stops in her tracks behind her.

ST AR-15: What the hell are you trying to say?

ST AR-15: If you've got a problem with me, then spit it out, right here and right now.

Dandelion: Don't you feel that right now, you're like a little girl having a sulking fit because she lost a cherished toy?

ST AR-15: M4 is NOT a toy and I am NOT sulking.

Dandelion: So you DO know what I'm getting at.

ST AR-15: You brought up the past out of nowhere and made a point of mentioning M4. Only an idiot wouldn't know what you're trying to say.

ST AR-15: But just because I get your meaning doesn't mean I want to be bothered with pointless crap like this, especially since you're the one bringing it up.

Dandelion: I am simply worried that you will let your emotions cloud your judgment.

ST AR-15: So should I thank you for this pointless lecture?

Dandelion: The more you act like this, the more you prove that you are insufficiently calm.

Dandelion: Furthermore, it also means my fears about you are justified.

ST AR-15: You think I can't carry out the mission in my current state?

Dandelion: ...I never said that.

Dandelion: However, if you have any doubts, I do not want you to keep them buried in your heart.

Dandelion: Hidden problems are harder to handle than a simple emotional outburst.

ST AR-15: "Hidden problems", you say?

ST AR-15: I see, so you think of me as a "hidden problem".

ST AR-15: That's why you've been staring at me all this time like a stalker.

Dandelion: I thought we had come to a consensus on this.

ST AR-15: Can't you tell how I feel just by looking into my neural cloud?

ST AR-15: Do you HAVE to put me through this farce of making me say it personally?

Dandelion: I won't do that, because I promised Lunasia that I would take care of all of you.

Dandelion: If she were in my place, she would be equally concerned about you.

ST AR-15: You don't need to pretend to be M4.

Dandelion: You don't need to pretend that you're fine either.

ST AR-15: ...Humph.

ST AR-15: Frankly speaking, I don't trust you in the least.

ST AR-15: But if M4 thinks you're not an enemy, then I'm going to consider you an aide for the moment.

ST AR-15: Don't get me wrong, though. I haven't acknowledged you as one of us yet.

ST AR-15: And you'd better not expect me to treat you the way I treat M4.

ST AR-15: Not even if you look like her or come from the same neural cloud.

ST AR-15: To me, M4 is M4, and nobody can take her place.

ST AR-15: I can endure anything if it means I can find her again.

ST AR-15: So put your attention where it should be, because if you miss out on an important clue while you're worrying about something so pointless...

ST AR-15: I promise you - I'll make you regret spouting all that nonsense.

Dandelion: ...To be honest, I'm quite surprised.

Dandelion: You're stronger than I thought.

ST AR-15: Think what you want, I don't care.

Dandelion: While all of Persica's Dolls have their own quirks, you are all fundamentally the same.

Dandelion: Unfortunately, I am no exception to that.

ST AR-15: Can we end this pointless conversation and focus on the mission?

Dandelion: I am glad to be of service.

ST AR-15: We've got a pile of corpses here too. Can you glean anything from them?

Dandelion: There's no doubt they died of radiation poisoning.

Dandelion: The question is...where did that radiation come from?

ST AR-15: These people lived here, which means that the radiation levels here weren't fatal.

ST AR-15: Our scans told us as much.

Dandelion: So it was a brief radiation spike...

Dandelion: Doesn't that sound familiar?

ST AR-15: I found something even more familiar.

ST AR-15: Recognize these?

Dandelion: White flower petals.

ST AR-15: They're all over the place.

Dandelion: This region is on the Green Zone's border.

Dandelion: Do you know what this means?

ST AR-15: I don't know. You tell me.

Dandelion: It means that William's ambitions are becoming increasingly unbridled.

Dandelion: The scope of his experiments are broader than we knew. He must be planning a larger scheme.

ST AR-15: ...William.

ST AR-15: It's always that damn guy.

Dandelion: Shhh.

Dandelion: Someone's coming.

A set of quiet footsteps approaches.

ST AR-15 turns to the side and a Strelet suddenly comes into view.

ST AR-15: ...Paradeus?!

Dandelion: Go. Draw their attention, just like before.

ST AR-15: What do you have in mind?

Dandelion: The same old trick, of course. I'm going to dig more information out of their nearly-decayed brains.

Fully armed and equipped, ST AR-15 holds the upper hand in the ensuing battle and easily defeats the opposition.

These familiar enemies now lie before her, but for some reason the sight sends a chill down her spine.

ST AR-15: They're all dead.

ST AR-15: ...But what is Paradeus doing here?

Dandelion: These are freshly made Paradeus units.

ST AR-15: What do you mean?

Dandelion: From their neural records, these white soldiers used to be local residents not long ago.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: That's certainly not something I expected to see.

Dandelion: There's an automated machine in the center of the village and a few autonomous first-gen Dolls. My guess is that Paradeus is using them to turn the corpses into Strelets.

Dandelion: Note these coordinates so the Commander can send someone to recover this equipment.

ST AR-15: It's nothing but blood and human body parts everywhere.

ST AR-15: ...Just looking at it makes me want to throw up.

Dandelion: Fortunately, Dolls can't throw up.

Dandelion: I can't say the same for the Commander, though. Remember to submit your visual logs as well.

ST AR-15: Tsk... Every single word that comes out of you pisses me off.

Dandelion: I humbly accept your praise for my linguistics systems.

Dandelion: Alright, there's nothing else worth investigating here.

ST AR-15: This mission wasn't as simple as I expected...

Dandelion: Since when have you ever been given simple missions?

ST AR-15: Humph...

ST AR-15: Let's hurry and catch up with RO and the others. I don't want to stay here any longer than I have to.
Part 4

4

Architect: Ah, I never thought I'd come back here again. Sure brings back memories.

M4 SOPMOD II: The only things here are a beat-up old base and a bunch of broken-down cannons. What's there to be nostalgic about?

Architect: Well, this used to be my place, after all.

RO635: The area wasn't this run-down the last time we came on a mission, was it?

RO635: I suppose I should be glad to see a former enemy in this sorry state, but somehow I'm having mixed feelings.

RO635: I mean, even the walls are in ruins. It all looks pretty desolate.

Architect: Hey, don't look at me like that!

Architect: This was all thanks to Griffin!

RO635: Just waxing sentimental.

RO635: To think that Sangvis Ferri, who used to be a thorn in our side, was reduced to nothing just like that...

RO635: I guess change is the only constant in this world, as they say.

RO635: How do you feel about seeing your former territory in this state?

Architect: Eh, I'm not that bothered, honestly...

Architect: I left shortly after I was stationed here.

Architect: Also, managing all those units was super tiring, I definitely didn't miss that part.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! Look! I picked up something neat!

RO635: ...Stop adding to the number of Dinergates in the base! Put that back!

Architect: Speaking of which, I've been leading the way for you this whole time.

Architect: So would you mind placing just a teensy bit of trust in me?

Architect: You could start by loosening the rope around my neck, how about that?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hahahahahaha!

M4 SOPMOD II: No!

SOP-II bares her claws. She seems to prefer them as weapons over her gun.

M4 SOPMOD II: I might trust you more if you were just a head.

RO635: If you're planning to run away while our guard is lowered, I'd advise you to give up on that plan.

Architect: R-Relax, I mean, look at the state of this place, there's no way I'd want to flee back to Sangvis Ferri now.

RO635: We're almost there, SOP-II. We'll be splitting up soon.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Already?

RO635: The main control room is on the other side.

RO635: You and Architect should go take a walk around the place while I hack the Sangvis systems.

RO635: While this isn't our main task, it could get Gager's attention.

Architect: Are you sure that's alright?

Architect: Pretty sure of yourself, aren't you?

Architect: That lady knight of mine isn't exactly a slouch in combat, you know?

RO635: You hardly have to worry about us.

RO635: Since you seem so convinced that we're no match for her, why don't you strap a bomb to yourself and blow yourself up when Gager gets close?

Architect: Urgh... That's just despicable...

RO635: Then dispense with the nonsense. Right now, we are not enemies with S.F.

RO635: If you could be more than just bait, then maybe Gager could come back with us in one piece.

Architect: So you want me to talk her into surrendering...?

Architect: She'd probably kill me on the spot if I said that.

RO635: Either Gager kills you or we do, take your pick.

RO635: Time's running short, I'll be heading to the main control room.

M4 SOPMOD II: Be careful, RO...

M4 SOPMOD II: Do you want to bring Banana with you?

RO635: Absolutely not.

Architect: So, RO635 said she's off to the main control room...

Architect: But isn't S.F. pretty much dissolved at this point? What info could there be that's worth knowing?

M4 SOPMOD II: That's none of your business.

Architect: So cold—

M4 SOPMOD II: You're really suspicious, you know?

Architect: Am I?

Architect: I've behaved myself so far, how could I be suspicious?

M4 SOPMOD II: The more nonchalant you act, the more suspicious it looks to me.

M4 SOPMOD II: We're using you as bait to catch a friend of yours.

M4 SOPMOD II: Do you really not care about that?

M4 SOPMOD II: If I were in your position, I'd never sell out my teammates!

Architect: Aw, do you really think I have the IQ points needed to think about these rock-and-a-hard-place problems?

Architect: What kind of answer are you expecting from me, anyway?

Architect: If I said yes, wouldn't that make me out to be a cold-hearted bitch? You can't trust people like that at all.

Architect: And if I said no, that means I still feel for S.F., right? Sure, it proves that I'm not entirely heartless, but then you'd have an excuse to scrap me on the spot.

Architect: So I'd be screwed either way, don't you think?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hmm... Okay, that sort of makes sense.

M4 SOPMOD II: So in conclusion, we can't go wrong with scrapping you!

Architect: You just want to scrap me, don't you?!

Architect: Remember, we need to finish the Commander's mission! The mission is very important, right?

Architect: Let's stop wasting time on this subject!

M4 SOPMOD II: For some reason, it feels particularly insulting to hear this from a Sangvis...

Architect: Even if S.F. is done for, it doesn't mean you can be THAT relaxed.

Architect: You've seen it, haven't you? This place still looks like a base, but it's essentially an empty shell now.

Architect: Whoever did this was thorough... Even the security cameras I installed are gone.

Architect: Something must have happened here.

M4 SOPMOD II: We should be the first to investigate this place.

M4 SOPMOD II: Who could have done this?

Architect: Do I have to spell it out for you? Only my lady knight would do something as tiring and thankless as this.

M4 SOPMOD II: Gager?! So she IS here!

M4 SOPMOD II: If RO runs into her, I wonder if she'll be okay...

Architect: Don't worry. With her neural upgrade, Miss RO isn't a pushover either.

Architect: Besides...

Architect pauses. Then she flashes a grin at SOP-II.

Architect: She's going to come for me first~

M4 SOPMOD II: The two of you must've been real close.

M4 SOPMOD II: Since you get along so well, why are you still lazing around in Griffin?

Architect: Aw, change is the only constant, after all.

M4 SOPMOD II: —Shhh.

Architect: ...Hm?

M4 SOPMOD II: Something's trying to surround us...

Architect: Huh... I thought they'd become a scattered mob after losing their commander.

Architect: They're pretty united, aren't they?

M4 SOPMOD II: At last the truth is revealed!

M4 SOPMOD II: So it WAS you, wasn't it?

M4 SOPMOD II: I can scrap you now, right? Can I?

Architect: Heyheyhey! Don't get excited just because you got surrounded! I told you, it wasn't me!

Architect: If you don't believe me, why don't you throw me into their ranks!

Architect: They'll finish me off without hesitation!

Whum—

An ear-piercing screech of feedback blasts through the PA system as the two of them argue.

Gager: —Attention.

M4 SOPMOD II: —!

M4 SOPMOD II: That's Gager's voice.

Architect: Oho, she hasn't changed a bit.

Gager: Listen up, Griffin Dolls.

Gager: You have stepped into my trap.

Gager: Release Architect immediately.

Gager: Otherwise... All the surrounding cannon emplacements have been aimed at this place.

Gager: You have five minutes to decide. Once time is up, I will blast this place until not even your stains remain.

M4 SOPMOD II: And what if I don't hand her over?

Gager: Then I will open fire anyway.

Architect: Hey... Are you serious?

Architect: If you do that, I'll be blown to bits as well, won't I?

M4 SOPMOD II: At last, she took the bait! Gager can't be far!

Architect: Still, I didn't expect her to be able to control the Jupiter Cannons I left behind.

Architect: The mortars around the base are all top-of-the-line! I built them personally to protect myself!

Architect: We're doomed!

M4 SOPMOD II: What's so scary about that?

M4 SOPMOD II: All we need to do is take out those cannons, right?

M4 SOPMOD II: We've wrecked so many of those we lost count.

Architect: Urgh... Would you mind not denying the value of my existence so casually...

M4 SOPMOD II: But before that, we need to eliminate all the Sangvis forces trying to surround us!

M4 SOPMOD II: You get out there too!

Architect: Ehh... Can't I have a tea break on the sidelines or something?

M4 SOPMOD II: If you want to rest, I can give you a dirt nap right now.

Architect: Gee... I'm going... I'm going, okay?!

Architect: (Pants)

Architect: I...I wonder if I've been locked up for too long...

Architect: I feel really out of shape...

M4 SOPMOD II: Useless! These enemies aren't even worth toying with!

Architect: Oh come on, I wasn't expressly designed for combat, you know!

Architect: Still, at least we made it out of there... Wait a minute, five minutes has come and gone, right?

Architect: She said all the cannons were sighted on our position, but there was no boom in the end.

M4 SOPMOD II: Where the hell has she run off to? I thought she'd be barking at us over the intercom by now.

M4 SOPMOD II: But in the end, we didn't hear a peep out of her. Did we scare her away?

Architect: I doubt it...

BOOM!

A massive explosion erupts from the other side of the base.

Architect: What the hell, that shot was totally off! Looks like she didn't absorb any of the control techniques I taught her.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hold on, isn't that the direction of the control room where RO has gone?

Architect: Huh? So she wasn't aiming at us?

M4 SOPMOD II: Of course not, you dumbass!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hurry up and move, we need to find RO right away!
Part 5

5

Inside the Sangvis base...

RO635 carefully enters the main control room by herself.

RO635: There weren't any signs of movement on SOP-II's end either... Looks like there really are no S.F. left in this place.

After re-examining the comms equipment, RO inspects the surrounding objects.

Ever since she entered the base, the path forward has been perfectly clear, and she has followed it all the way to the control room.

RO635: This isn't too different from other Sangvis bases.

RO635: Ah, this is the main control console.

RO635: Looks like it's still usable, so let's connect to it... Good.

RO635: Commencing download...

What exactly did M16A1 go through after being converted to S.F.? Currently, records concerning those events are a complete blank to Griffin.

However, due to Sangvis Ferri's hive-style management system, anyone with sufficient clearance can access the main server and search for information.

Therefore, the Commander has given a special mission to RO.

After entering the S.F. base, she is to use its main control room to connect to the Sangvis databases, download all the logs pertaining to "M16A1", and bring them back to Griffin.

Perhaps that information might end up being helpful in finding M4 or M16.

RO635: What was M16 thinking when she joined S.F.?

RO635: Had she planned everything out since that time?

The data download is proceeding smoothly.

While most of the base exterior is in ruins, the machinery at its core is still solid.

RO635: If only I had picked up on that earlier and stopped her in time, perhaps things might have turned out very differently.

RO shakes her head.

RO635: Well, there's no point crying over spilt milk.

RO635: I should finish the download quickly and rendezvous with SOP-II.

RO635: I wonder if it's okay to leave her alone with Architect...

Whum—

Just as RO's attention is fully focused on her work...

An ear-piercing screech of feedback blasts through the PA system.

Gager: —Attention.

RO635: ...Is that Gager?

RO635: Did she finally take the bait?

Gager: Attention, Griffin Dolls.

Gager: You have stepped into my trap.

Gager: Release Architect immediately.

Gager: Otherwise... All the surrounding cannon emplacements have been aimed at this place.

Gager: I will blast this place until not even your stains remain.

Gager: You have five minutes to decide. I repeat;

Gager: Release Architect.

RO635: —!

RO635: Are the cannons outside still operational?

The download is complete just as the broadcast suddenly cuts off.

RO635: I need to hurry and link up with them—!

Gager: —!

RO runs straight into Gager at the doorway to the main control room.

Clearly, neither of them expected to bump into each other here, and they both do a double take.

But the next second...their guns are already pointed at each other.

Bangbang—

Neither of them wastes time on speaking.

Their exchange of fire instantly engulfs the space in a hail of bullets.

Bangbangbang—

RO is a little amazed by what she's feeling.

She feels strangely at ease now that she is actually fighting Gager.

The excessive responsibility weighing on her shoulders and the discomfort caused by being around Architect have all been eating away at her.

But now, all her frustration is spewing out of her gun's muzzle, carried by tongues of fire and bullets of lead.

Things really are easier as a T-Doll, she thinks.

RO635: Ahhhh, what a pain!

The main control room is too small, and the bullets from both sides end up bouncing off the walls and ricocheting into parts unknown.

RO might have finished her download, but there's no telling what will happen if she ends up wrecking something important.

...Just as that notion flashes through RO's mind, a shot buries itself deep into the cables of the main control computer.

Crack!

A brilliant blue flame flares up!

Gager: What— Oh no!

As RO cries out in surprise, the bad feeling she had comes to pass.

Clang!

The thick blast door for the main control room slams down and the lights go out.

Gager: What the hell did you do?!

Both sides have stopped firing due to the sudden developments.

The silence in the darkened room is only interrupted by intermittent sprays of sparks from the ruined cables.

Just then, RO and Gager simultaneously emerge from behind their respective cover. Upon spotting each other, they raise their weapons again.

RO635: Drop your weapon. You can't escape.

Gager: The same goes for you. Drop your gun now and I might spare your life.

As the two Dolls face off, they glance at the blast door that has closed over the entrance. It doesn't look like it can be lifted by just one or two people.

The fact that they're both trapped inside slowly begins to sink in.

Right now, fighting itself seems pointless.

RO635: ...I honestly didn't expect you to fall for it so easily.

Gager: Who fell for what?

Gager: Did you not consider that I might have deliberately leaked the information of my sightings to Griffin?

RO635: In order to bait us into bringing Architect along?

RO635: Talk about being confident.

Gager: Considering Griffin is nothing more than crushed scraps at this point, I could take you all out by myself.

RO635: If you ask me, S.F. isn't doing much better.

RO635: Otherwise, the Commander wouldn't have sent just the few of us here.

Gager does not reply. The current state of this base is answer enough—Sangvis Ferri is in ruins.

RO635: So how do you open that blast door?

Gager: ...Without electrical supply, you'll need to use brute force.

Gager: While I could engage the backup circuits, I lack the authorization to access the control systems.

RO635: I see.

RO lowers her gun.

RO635: Gager, listen to me.

RO635: The feud between Griffin and Sangvis Ferri is over. There is no point in fighting each other anymore.

Gager: My mission isn't over yet. As long as Architect is still alive, I have a reason to fight.

RO635: Humph...

RO635: So are we going to stare each other down here?

Gager: Architect must have come with you, right?

Gager: She'd have a way to activate the backup power supply.

RO635: Who knows? What if I came alone?

Gager: Cut the crap.

Gager: I set a ton of traps on the way here.

Gager: You couldn't have made it this far if Architect hadn't come along!

RO635: Even if she were here, I wouldn't let her touch the S.F. network.

RO635: There are still all those cannons outside; did you really think I'd give you the chance to try any funny business?

Gager: The electrical systems are finished. Even with the backup power, you couldn't activate the cannon batteries.

RO635: Then, like I said earlier, there is no point in fighting any further.

RO635: If you're willing to put down your weapon and come to Griffin with me, I can try logging into the system to activate the backup power supply.

Gager: You have Sangvis clearance?

RO635: I've already hacked them once; I can easily do it again.

Gager: ...Is Architect with you?

Gager: If I go with you, will I be able to see her again?

RO635: I will ask the Commander for permission. Once it is safe, I can arrange for the two of you to meet.

Gager puts down her gun, as if in defeat.

Gager: Alright, I accept.

Gager: Now hurry up and open this stupid door.

RO635 eyes Gager warily before returning to the main control console.

After entering the network, she soon finds the control interface for the backup power supply.

RO635: It's done.

The lights in the room flicker back on, and the fallen blast door slowly rises.

RO looks at Gager, and Gager looks at RO.

Just as RO is about to say something, Gager suddenly turns and runs.

RO635: !

A massive explosion thunders overhead, and a huge hole appears in the main control room.

Chunks of concrete and rebar rain down from the ceiling, and it is only by virtue of her lightning speed that RO is not squashed underneath.

RO635: Jupiter?!

Gager: Even with just backup power, I can still control a single Jupiter Cannon!

RO635: You damn liar!

Gager: Like hell I'd go with you to Griffin!

Gager: I'm going to find Architect while you can stay buried here with your regrets forever!

BOOM!

Another shell strikes home, blasting the control room to smithereens.

Though RO manages to duck outside in time, she can no longer pass through the main control room to pursue Gager.

RO635: I need to get out of the targeted area and rendezvous with SOP-II before going after Gager.

RO635: As I thought, you can't trust a single word that comes out of the mouth of a Sangvis Doll!
Part 6

    6chevron_right

BOOM!

The cannon roars, and the base that was an empty shell to begin with is consumed by flames in the blink of an eye.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! Do you read me?!

RO635: Get...out...base...!

M4 SOPMOD II: What did you say?

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't hear you!

RO635: Get...out...base...catch...Gager...

RO635: Will...find...you...!

SOP-II and Architect have long since fled to a safe area.

While they don't know the reason why, Gager has not made any more announcements after the first one. They easily broke through the encirclement around them and escaped the base.

...And that is why the sight before them defies explanation. They know Gager isn't bluffing, but they have no idea why she's still shooting.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Dammit!

SOP-II starts running towards the source of the explosions.

Architect, on the other hand, suddenly stops and looks into the distance.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why did you stop?!

M4 SOPMOD II: You want me to scrap you?!

Architect: You Griffin Dolls really are very dumb. Unfortunately, time flies when you're having fun. Bye bye, little doggo.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?!

Boom—

Architect suddenly flees into another room. Just as SOP-II is about to give chase, a Jupiter cannon shell turns the passage ahead into rubble.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ack!

The shockwave from the blast throws SOP-II into a wall.

She hurriedly scrambles to her feet, but the way ahead is now a sea of flames.

ST AR-15: SOP-II, do you read me?

ST AR-15: We're approaching your position now. What's the situation? Are you engaged with S.F.?!

M4 SOPMOD II: 15!

M4 SOPMOD II: Gager's in the base!

M4 SOPMOD II: She has control over the Jupiter Cannons! Comms with RO are breaking up and Architect just made a run for it!

Dandelion: ...Well, this is a surprise.

Dandelion: And we only just left the team for a little while.

Dandelion: What on earth happened for things to have gone so ugly?

M4 SOPMOD II: R-RO's still deep inside the base!

M4 SOPMOD II: A Jupiter cannon shot hit her position! We need to find her!

Dandelion: Actually...

Dandelion: I don't think we need to worry about that anymore.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh?

Before Dandelion can finish, a sooty figure emerges from the smoke amidst a sea of flames.

RO635: (Coughs)

M4 SOPMOD II: RO!

RO635: Sorry I'm late.

RO635: Are 15 and Dandelion back?

ST AR-15: Yeah, we just arrived.

RO635: What about Architect?

M4 SOPMOD II: She...she just escaped...

RO635: Gager must have covered for her.

RO635: We'll continue the pursuit outside; they're just two Dolls, they can't have gotten far.

ST AR-15: The only threat to us are those Jupiter Cannons. Can you deal with them remotely, Dandelion?

Dandelion: The way you boss people around is getting more and more like her.

ST AR-15: Yes or no?

Dandelion: Yes, yes, I am delighted to be of service.

Amidst the flames.

Architect: Who~ killed Cock Robin?

Architect: I~ killed Cock Robin.

Architect: With my shot and shell! ♪

Architect: Ahhhh, home sweet home. My backup weapon is in the storage locker right where I left it.

Architect: I haven't fought for so long; I wonder if I've gotten rusty.

???: ...

Step.

Architect: ...

Amidst the crackling of the flames...

A familiar figure steps out of a blind spot.

Gager: ...Architect.

Architect: Hey, it's been a while.

Gager: Architect...!

Gager: I finally found you!

Gager: We still have time! There's no way that lot from Griffin would try to force their way through the flames!

Gager: If we can get away from here, we—

Architect: Hold it, hold it~

Architect: Goodness, we haven't met in so long and you get all panicky on me. How unsightly.

Gager: Architect...?

Architect: You just said you wanted me to go with you, right?

Architect: Honestly...you've gotten the situation completely wrong, dear Lady Knight.

Gager: ...

Gager: Me? Gotten things wrong?

Gager: ...I created an opportunity for you to escape, and you managed to free yourself from those Dolls.

Gager: Why are you playing the fool at a time like this?

Architect: Huh? Me? Playing the fool?

Architect: Good grief... It seems you still don't understand what I'm trying to say.

Architect: Gager, I am here on a Griffin mission.

Architect: And I only came to you alone because the others were an annoyance.

Architect: Do you understand what I'm saying?

Gager stiffens.

Architect: That's right.

Architect: Enough of that "take me away" nonsense.

Architect: I'm the one on the hunt, Lady Knight.

Architect: The Big Bad Wolf's coming for Little Red Riding Hood, muahaha!

Gager: ...What are you talking about?

Architect: (Sighs) You're the same as ever. Not a single reaction to my painstakingly-crafted jokes.

Gager: J-Joke?

Gager: Quit messing with me... This is no time for jokes, we need to hurry and—

Architect: Gager, come to Griffin. I'm serious.

Gager: ...What did you say?

Architect's words are casual, yet forceful, and Gager's reply is one of disbelief.

The flames crackle every now and then and the heat feels like it's going to melt their epidermal layers.

The silence is terrifying.

Architect: Don't you get it?

Architect: What I'm saying is that S.F. is FINISHED. Come live with me.

Architect: I wouldn't give a damn about anyone else, but because of you, I've come all the way to these crumbling ruins and risked my butt to find you.

Architect: Come back with me. Griffin's a pretty nice place, you know?

Gager: ...You brought those Griffin people here and there to avoid my ambushes, just so you could do this?

Gager: Because you've completely renounced Sangvis Ferri?

Architect: Please, darling. Those traps of yours were pretty rubbish, you know?

Architect: Even the kitties at the base gate could bushwhack people better than that.

Architect: I honestly don't understand why you're so dead set on serving S.F.

Architect: Do you have some kind of weird fetish like Agent?

Architect: Thing is, that midget Mastermind isn't around anymore.

Architect: Compared to them, don't you think I came out ahead?

Architect: I mean, you can crawl around in the dirt all you want, but it won't turn out well for you, you know?

Gager: Who do you...

Gager's hands tremble as her neural cloud blazes with anger. The fire within her burns even brighter than the actual flames.

Whoosh—!

She points her weapon at Architect.

Gager: Who do you think I did all this for?!

Architect: W-Wait a minute... No need to get mad! I've got your best interests at heart!

Gager's wrath is something that Architect did not anticipate.

Architect: I'm just telling the truth, okay?

Architect: I mean, I've got a pretty cushy life at Griffin, so why do I have to go back to S.F. where there's nothing?

Architect: Kind of unfair, don't you think?

Gager: Shut UP!

Gager: You TRAITOR!

Architect: ...What are you doing?

Architect: Why are you pointing your weapon at me?

Architect: Listen to me, don't be so stubborn, Lady Knight.

Architect: Things being what they are now, your chivalry is only going to land you in a really bad place, you know?

Architect: I mean, does anyone even care about stuffy old chivalry in this day and age...? Wait, seriously?

Gager: I told you...to shut UP.

Boom—!

Gager's shots blast the location where Architect was standing, but the latter easily dodges them.

Architect: Whoa, you're serious!

Gager: ...

Gager's eyes blaze up, as though she's going to shoot fire from them.

Gager: I'm taking you with me...even if I have to drag you along kicking and screaming!

Architect: Oh, come ON... Give me a break...

Architect: It's been so long, why haven't you changed in the least?

Gager: As I've told you a long time ago...

Gager: You talk too much.

Architect: Good grief... You want me to fight you, eh?

Gager: Just...behave!

Architect: Sadly, I...refuse!

Architect: Come guns! Come flames!

Architect: Let's dance, my fair Lady Knight!

...

Architect: ...I actually lost.

Architect: You've become really strong.

Gager: ...Dammit.

Architect: Feel better now?

Gager: You did that on purpose, didn't you?

Architect: Nonono, I really am that weak.

Architect: I should actually be thanking my lucky stars that you didn't blast a hole through me.

Gager: Don't think I can't tell. You're lying to me again.

Architect: It's true! I lost fair and square!

Architect: Still, that was a good fight. It's been a while since I last got a proper workout.

Gager: In that case, you should leave with me. After that, you can do anything you want.

Architect: Look, I understand what you're thinking, I really do.

Architect: The truth is, I'm actually very happy, because you never gave up on me even until now.

Architect: However, let's say I leave with you. What are we going to do after that?

Gager: After that...there'll be a way.

Architect: Rather than chasing my shadow...

Architect: You should think more about your future.

Architect: My neural cloud was half-baked from the start, and I kinda like how things are for me right now.

Architect: But you're different. Sangvis Ferri is finished, so you don't need to chain yourself up with duty and obligation.

Architect: Do you at least understand what I'm trying to say when I put it that way?

Gager: ...I don't get it.

Architect: Hm?

Gager: I don't understand you at all!

Gager: I never have!

Gager: We're Sangvis Ferri! We were created to follow orders!

Architect: Sangvis Dolls were made for revenge, so we never had true freedom.

Architect: But there must be some reason for us to exist beyond that. We don't need to bear someone else's hatred.

Architect: Everything is over. Nobody can order us around now.

Gager: If I don't have new orders, then I'll continue carrying out my old ones.

Gager: My orders are to ensure your safety.

Gager: I've failed again and again, but as long as I still exist, I need to obey this order.

Gager: So why won't you let me do that when you're right in front of me?!

Architect: But that's exactly why I can't let you carry out that order.

Architect: If you don't realize you need to change, then there'd be no point even if I left with you.

Gager: ...

Architect: The Griffin Dolls will soon be here. Will you not change your mind and come with me?

Gager: Griffin will always be our enemy. I can't forgive them.

Architect: Welp, I've said my piece.

Architect: Think on it and just get out of here for now.

Architect: Don't worry, I'll wait for you. We have all the time in the world.

Gager: I...

Architect: Don't worry. We'll meet again.

The sudden rain puts out the dying flames.

It is at this moment that the AR Team once again set foot into the ruined base.

ST AR-15: ...What a bleak sight.

ST AR-15: So this is how Sangvis Ferri ends.

Architect: Oi, you don't mince words, do you?

RO635: Dandelion, we've found Architect.

Dandelion: Gager has already fled far away. Want to go after her?

RO635: No need for that. It's getting dark and we need to get back to base.

Dandelion: "We'll just confirm her general location and let Svarog do the rest."

Dandelion: Is that what you're thinking?

RO635: We've completed our main task. I've found a lot of information about M16 in S.F.'s main command systems.

Dandelion: How exciting. I can't wait to get back to base.

Architect: Can we go back?

Architect: Awesome!

Architect: I am SO tired!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey!

M4 SOPMOD II: You ran away from me, eh?

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't let that slide!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm going to rip your legs off right now to prevent it from happening again!

SNAP!

Architect: Aaahhhh!

Architect: Give me back my legs!

ST AR-15: Well, you made SOP-II mad, looks like you're pretty much done for at this point.

ST AR-15: If you don't confess what you did just now, I'm guessing her next move will be to chop your head off.

M4 SOPMOD II: (Enthusiastic cackle)

Architect: Eeeeeeep!

Architect: I didn't try to escape!

Architect: That...that was an accident! It just so happened that a shell fell between me and SOP-II!

Architect: I even fought Gager to try and capture her!

Architect: I mean, look at me, I'm covered in wounds here!

ST AR-15: But you lost.

ST AR-15: And Gager got away.

Architect: Haha. Well, how could a princess beat a knight?

ST AR-15: Still, I can't believe she didn't just drag you away...

ST AR-15: Doesn't that make everything she did before totally meaningless?

Architect: You really think so?

Architect: I think it's a lot more meaningful than what she started out doing.

Architect: Uh, could you give me back my legs now?

Architect: I would really appreciate that.

RO635: ...

RO635: You must have told her something, right?

RO635: Otherwise, I doubt she would have given up that easily, given the personality of most Sangvis Dolls.

Architect: ...

Architect: How shall I put this?

Architect: My aims and hers are completely different, and we're doing different things.

Architect: But as long as we're both alive, we'll be able to meet again someday, and work hard towards the same goal again.

Architect: But if she's only concerned about carrying out her orders...

Architect: Then I'd rather she not be with me.

ST AR-15: ...Humph.

ST AR-15: You talk as if Sangvis Dolls had a sense of camaraderie.

Architect: I mean, you Griffin Dolls are all made to order. Unlike you, the bonds between us Sangvis Dolls are a lot more genuine.

Architect: Uh...

Architect realizes that she has said the wrong thing. She nervously looks up and finds the three Griffin Dolls staring down at her with cold eyes.

RO635: I think it's about time we headed back to base. The chopper's going to land outside the Sangvis base. ETA is around 3 minutes.

ST AR-15: Got it. We'd better move, then.

Architect: Uh... Would you mind returning my legs before you head out?

M4 SOPMOD II: What should we do, leader?

RO635: After we leave the base, dump her legs in the first grass patch that you see.

M4 SOPMOD II: Sure thing!

Architect: Whaaaaaat?!

Architect: You're not going to leave me here, are you?!

ST AR-15: Well, the mission's over.

ST AR-15: She can't even beat Gager, so she'll just be deadweight. Might as well just dump her here.

Architect: H-Hold on!

Architect: How are you going to explain this to the Commander when you get back?!

RO635: It'll be fine. I'll tell the Commander of your heroic sacrifice where you were blasted into sightless atoms.

Architect: Don't go!

Architect: Are you really going to abandon me?!

Architect: I mean, you were starting to trust me, right?

Architect: Eh? Come back! Someone, please bring me back to Griffin!

Architect: Gager! Help meeeeeeee—!

And so, the Griffin Dolls leave the base while ignoring Architect's mournful cries.

Dandelion: Is it really okay to leave her there?

RO635: She and Gager are in the same sector. When Svarog's people come by later, they'll pick her up too.

Dandelion: How cruel. She'll be crying there for a long time, won't she?

Dandelion: What got you so mad all of a sudden?

RO635: Even if we're Dolls, our feelings aren't manufactured.

RO635: Every moment of our memories is a precious to us.

RO635: These feelings are real beyond any shadow of a doubt.

RO635: Our memories and feelings have forged us into what we are now.

RO635: So what Architect said was especially infuriating.

RO looks at the other two Dolls of the AR Team, who both give her approving looks.

Dandelion: It's just as the Commander said, you really are very much like Lunasia.

ST AR-15: Don't act like such a know-it-all. You haven't completely earned our trust yet.

Dandelion: I know that, and someday, you will trust me too.

Dandelion: Alright, there's nothing left here, you've got what you wanted, so you can count the mission as accomplished.

Dandelion: The chopper's here, so let's go back.

M4 SOPMOD II: Woohoo!

M4 SOPMOD II: We need to hurry back so the Commander can praise us!

ST AR-15: I hope we won't have to check corpses again.

ST AR-15: Honestly, it does no good to the body or the mind.

ST AR-15: Speaking of which, stop waving Architect's legs around like that. Throw them away, it's super gross.

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay!

M4 SOPMOD II: Heave...ho!

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, they went really far!

RO635: ...

...

RO635: ...We'll eventually meet again.

RO635: Someday.

RO635: When will you return?

Bremen, Germany.

Angelia's safe house.

Angelia: ...

AK-12: Wanna bet?

RPK-16: 20 minutes.

AN-94: What are you talking about?

AK-15: ...They're guessing how long Ange will stay like this.

AN-94: Huh...

AN-94: I'm surprised you can tell what's going on.

AK-15: This kind of nonsense is not uncommon with RPK.

RPK-16: It's not like we have anything to do.

RPK-16: Miss Ange has been like that for almost two hours.

RPK-16: She looks just like one of those somber Buddha statues in an old temple.

AK-12: It's understandable.

AK-12: We're in quite a bit of a pickle right now, after all.

AN-94: A pickle?

AK-15: ...

RPK-16: Look at you, 15, quietly blending back into the background when the subject grows complex.

RPK-16: You need to be more of a team player, you know.

AK-12: Thanks to our previous good deed of the day, the whole world now has their eyes on Griffin and Ange.

AK-12: Everyone wants to know what happened in "that base" and the truth behind "that tech".

AK-12: People of all kinds, nefarious or otherwise.

AK-12: I'm sure we're being watched very closely.

RPK-16: Even the Stasi, who has so kindly prepared such lovely accommodation for us.

RPK-16: Hell knows what they're really up to.

RPK-16: In any case, this Mr. K does not strike me as a good man.

AK-15: Indeed.

AK-12: So given our circumstances, careful planning is certainly required before we begin our operation.

AK-12: Going in blind without a clue will only land us in an even stickier situation.

RPK-16: Right now, Ange's every move is being watched. If she so much as buys an ice cream, a whole team of intelligence analysts will be there, looking for some kind of hidden significance.

RPK-16: Still, skulking in here and not doing a thing isn't a good idea either.

RPK-16: To our observers, our lack of action can also be perceived as a kind of action.

RPK-16: Who knows? This may actually make them even more uneasy.

AK-12: But let's come back to our task at hand.

AK-12: This is a really tough nut to crack.

AK-12: Going out to buy a bottle of water and running into a dozen agents spying on us.

AK-12: Having only ever watched people myself, I never thought I'd have the pleasure of being on the receiving end of this treatment.

RPK-16: "Abandon all hope,"

RPK-16: "Ye who enter here."

RPK-16: Or so they say.

AK-12: Stop quoting poems out of context.

AK-12: Come to think of it, how goes the "pest extermination"?

RPK-16: I removed twelve from the room and nine outside.

RPK-16: The signal transmission and audio pickup are top of the line—that's German engineering for you.

RPK-16: Maybe I should ask Mr. K to get me some more the next time I see him?

AN-94: It's supposed to be a safe house... I did not expect to find so many bugs.

AK-12: Which just goes to show that even those who look nice and friendly can be up to no good.

AK-12: So have you disabled them all?

RPK-16: I've combed the whole place from floor to ceiling, but who knows?

AK-12: It's not necessarily a bad thing even if you leave a bug or two.

AK-12: If there's anything you want, just inform our eavesdropping friends.

AK-12: They may have it delivered right away.

RPK-16: Hm, you have a point.

RPK-16: Uh, hello? You hear me?

RPK-16: Can I get a ham hock burger?

AK-12: But look at it another way.

AK-12: What we went through in Tallinn and Paldiski is our insurance and hole card.

AK-12: It is the reason why Ange is granted a travel pass that gives her free passage.

Angelia: ...You are exactly right.

RPK-16: Oh, the Buddha is awake.

Angelia: Besides, we've suffered great losses, and M4A1 is still MIA.

Angelia: The Griffin Commander also needs time to recover.

Angelia: We can't expect much help from them right now.

Angelia: Or from the Stasi.

Angelia: There is not a single person we can trust in this city.

AK-12: I admire how effortlessly you just swanned your way into the conversation.

AN-94: Not even Madam Ulrich?

Angelia: She may actually be genuine in her desire to help us.

Angelia: But her position makes it impossible for her act according to her own wishes.

AK-15: ...

Angelia: What is it?

AK-15: ...The satellite phone just buzzed.

RPK-16: Give it to me.

Angelia: What frequency?

RPK-16: 66.45.

AK-12: Is it Havier?

Angelia: That old fox wouldn't risk contacting us unless it's an emergency.

Angelia: What's this about?

RPK-16: Patience. Decrypting this isn't exactly easy.

RPK-16: Hm...

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Hoho... Interesting.

Angelia: Stop being cryptic, or I'll let AK-12 handle all communications from now on.

RPK-16: Haha, if she's up to the task, I'm happy to be relieved of this duty.

RPK-16: Now don't be mad; it's good news.

RPK-16: Has anyone heard of the Flora Institute?

AK-12: Sounds like a sweet factory.

Angelia: What's with this institute?

RPK-16: The Commander has discovered some crates that might have originated from Germany.

RPK-16: Havier's people cross-referenced them with reports from other locations, and the contents are very likely to be Epiphylla filled with Collapse Fluid radiation particles.

RPK-16: As contamination sources, these crates have already wiped out several human settlements in the Yellow Zone.

RPK-16: I believe these coordinates that Havier just sent us are where the crates were dispatched from.

Angelia: ...Epiphylla.

Angelia: Looks like our first clue has just presented itself.

AK-12: And I was just saying we didn't have one.

AK-12: Break time's over, 94.

AN-94: Understood.

Knock knock.

RPK-16: Oh, my burger is here.

RPK-16: Well, this trip isn't looking so bad after all.

Angelia: Stop fooling around. Disable the rest of the bugs and call Morridow.

Angelia: Time to start our investigation.
Part 2: Clown

2

Bremen, Germany.

Flora Botanical Research Institute.

Morridow: Guten Morgen, Frau Ange!

Morridow: You look very well-rested.

Angelia: Sorry for the wait.

Morridow: Not at all, don't worry about me. It is my job to serve you.

Morridow: Besides, I am very honored to be given the opportunity to learn from a woman as accomplished as you.

Morridow: Oh, and from you too, Herr Hopps! Thank you for your work.

Hopps: ...Just doing my job.

Angelia: He came to our place first thing in the morning.

Morridow: That's Chairwoman Ulrich's trusted bodyguard for you!

Morridow: Your personal safety is our top priority, Frau Ange.

Morridow: Are you satisfied with your journey to this place?

Angelia: It was alright, though it took Mr. Bodyguard a bit too long to shake off the car that was tailing us.

Angelia: So, this is it?

Morridow: That's right, this is the Flora Botanical Research Institute.

Morridow: It is home to the largest botanical garden in Bremen, with seasonal flowers in bloom all year round.

Morridow: If you're interested, I can give you a tour.

Angelia: ...Is that so?

Angelia: I appreciate the gesture, but maybe next time.

Morridow: Chairwoman Ulrich did say that your wish is my command.

Morridow: But I never thought you'd be interested in botanical research!

Morridow: Your sudden request for a visit really took me by surprise. Still, I do love flowers myself.

Angelia: This is quite massive for a research institute.

Morridow: Ja! The institute's research building is a famous landmark in Bremen.

Morridow: They also have a large field on the other side of the city where they cultivate species for the purpose of research.

Angelia: I see.

Morridow: Come to think of it...

Morridow: How come I don't see the Dolls that accompanied you to Bremen?

Morridow: Is it a good idea for you to travel alone?

Angelia: I'm just here for a visit; they'd just get in the way.

Angelia: Besides, you've given me a personal bodyguard, isn't that right?

Hopps: ...

Morridow: Absolutely!

Morridow: Herr Hopps is such a reassuring presence!

Morridow: It must be the beard!

Angelia: ...The beard?

Morridow: To tell you the truth, this is also the first time I've ever been here.

Morridow: What a beautiful greenhouse they have!

Angelia: Who will we be meeting?

Morridow: Uh, one second please. I believe we have an appointment with...

Morridow: Oh, there she is!

???: ...

Morridow: Allow me to introduce...

Morridow: Frau Leone, Senior Researcher at the Flora Botanical Research Institute.

Morridow: She specializes in research on herbaceous plants.

Leone: ...Hello.

Angelia: Hello, I'm Angelia.

Leone: I know.

Leone: You're investigators sent by the Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction, though I'm not sure what you're doing here.

Angelia: As the one in charge, you're a lot younger than I imagined.

Angelia: Such wonderful accomplishments for your age.

Leone: ...You flatter me.

Leone: I'm just a humble researcher caring for my flowers.

Morridow: We're sorry to bother you on a working day.

Morridow: I hope we're not interrupting anything important?

Leone: Don't worry about it.

Leone: Help yourselves.

Morridow: Huh? You're not going to show us around?

Leone: ...I work in this greenhouse. If you have any questions, just ask.

Leone: I'm sorry, but I'm a researcher, not a tour guide.

Leone: Everyone have things they're good at and things they're...not so good at.

Morridow: ...I understand.

Morridow: In...In that case, sorry to disturb you.

Angelia: We don't seem very welcome here.

Leone: You're mistaken. You are Frau Ulrich's guests.

Leone: The Bremen government has been very supportive of our research.

Leone: It is my duty to fulfil her requests.

Angelia: Then tell me more about yourself.

Angelia: What kind of research do you do here?

Leone: ...We mostly study the propagation and mutation of plants here at the Flora Institute.

Leone: In a world ravaged by mankind...

Leone: Plants are one of the few life forms that can resist radiation and survive.

Leone: We hope to find our "future" by studying them.

Morridow: Find our "future"?

Morridow: That doesn't sound like something a scientist would say. You didn't strike me as a hopeless romantic, Frau Leone.

Leone: Romantic?

Leone: I meant what I said literally; it was not a figure of speech.

Leone: Right now, mankind has no way of moving forward.

Leone: Yet plants have learned to live in harmony with despair long ago.

Leone: If we don't start learning from them, we may very well be sealing our fate.

Angelia: Our future lies in plants?

Angelia: What a peculiar idea.

Leone: Compared to humans, who never learn, plants that keep growing inconspicuously are much more reliable.

Angelia: So what have you learned from these flowers?

Leone: ...A great deal.

Leone: I've spoken more than I should.

Leone: Please take your time and have a look around.

Leone glances at her watch before heading to the other side of the greenhouse to check the thermometer.

Morridow: Seriously? She came out to receive us, but she won't give us a tour?

Morridow: Maybe Herr Hopps looks too intimidating?

Hopps: I disagree.

Morridow: S-Stop glaring at me.

Morridow: I was just kidding.

Angelia: Now that we're inside, the magnitude of their facility is even more apparent.

Angelia: They're investing so much money and resources just to study flowers.

Angelia: Is it worth it?

Morridow: I don't think that's very fair, Frau Ange.

Morridow: Under these times, everything we do must contribute to our survival.

Morridow: But it's not the same for flowers.

Morridow: Their fragrance and colors are only for embellishment; they aren't essential for the flowers' survival.

Morridow: Of course, one must be pragmatic to survive, but virtues are equally—if not more—important.

Morridow: What we can glean from flowers is hope.

Angelia: That's a beautiful speech, but you did not answer my question.

Morridow: J-Just sharing my thoughts!

Morridow: This institute operates on such a large scale because it led the country's research in developing the vaccine and medication for ELID.

Morridow: Their work has saved countless lives!

Morridow: Right, Frau Leone?

Leone: ...

Morridow: ...She's ignoring us altogether.

Angelia: It feels as if she's keeping her distance deliberately, don't you think?

Morridow: Now that you mention it, I'm getting the same feeling.

Morridow: You're right, she does seem to be giving us a wide berth.

Morridow: I knew it—she's unhappy that we're visiting out of the blue!

Angelia: I wish it were that simple.

Morridow: Um, I-I don't think Frau Leone is petty enough to be mad because of your little disagreement.

Angelia: That's not what I meant.

Angelia: It wasn't even a disagreement. I simply asked a couple of questions, but she didn't give any straight answers.

Ange takes in her surroundings.

Angelia: I mean...

Angelia: Other than us, this huge greenhouse is completely empty.

Angelia: Don't you think that's odd?

Morridow: Huh?

Hopps: ...It's too quiet.

Angelia: Ms. Leone, eh?

Leone: ...!

A few steps away, Leone grows tense at Ange's question.

Angelia: Where are the other researchers?

Angelia: Surely you can't be the only one working in such a large institute.

Leone: Since we're having uninvited guests... I've sent everyone else home.

Angelia: Uninvited guests, huh.

Angelia: What a barbed way of putting it.

Angelia: I didn't expect you to put the operation of your facility on hold for an entire day just because I'm here to visit. You're doing me too big a courtesy.

Leone: As I said, you are Chairwoman Ulrich's guests.

Angelia: Not too subtle, are you?

Whoosh.

Ange draws her pistol and aims it straight at Leone.

The latter flinches visibly. Off to the side, Hopps also reaches for his weapon out of reflex.

Morridow: Huh? What? H-Hold on a second? What are you doing?

Morridow: Frau Ange?!

Angelia: Tell me—where is everyone else?

Leone: ...

Leone's lips twitch, but she does not utter a word.

Beep—

The tension in the air is broken by the sudden ring of Ange's communicator.

Angelia: ...What is it? What have you found?

AN-94: Miss Ange, a large number of armed personnel is lying in ambush under the research facility.

AN-94: Please get out immediately. This is a trap.

Angelia: Got it.

Angelia: Wow, serving the main course straight away? Not even bothering with some warm-up?

Morridow: Wait... Huh? Ambush? A trap?

Morridow: What even? J-Just what is going on?!

Hopps has his firearm trained on Leone in the blink of an eye.

Hopps: Arms in the air!

Hopps: Get down on the floor!

Leone: Humph...

With two guns pointed at her, the agitated Leone suddenly lets out a sneer.

Leone: The ending...has been decided since the moment you came in.

Just then, Ange hears a series of soft and rapid clicks coming from above her head.

Then the entire space is filled with pale yellow pollen.

Morridow: What— P-Pollen?

Angelia: !

A pungent scent assaults Ange's nose, giving her no time to react.

The world spins around her and her surroundings distort into something else.

Angelia: ...What?

What is this place...

Angelia: How revolting...

Angelia: Giving me the whole spiel about plants being the hope for humanity then leading me straight into a trap.

In the ruins, a few stumbling ELIDs emerge from around the corner and shuffle towards Ange.

Angelia: I'm hallucinating... I've heard that certain pollens are hallucinogenic.

Angelia: But I didn't expect the effect to be so potent... Maybe it's been processed?

None of this is real. Ange knows that very well.

Angelia: Hallucinations... I know I'm just seeing things, but still.

Still...

She looks at the shambling ELIDs and takes a deep breath.

Angelia: Don't blame me no matter what I hit.

She places her finger on the trigger and takes aim at the "ELIDs".

—!

Just as she is about to pull the trigger...

A strong force dislodges the pistol from her hand.

Soon after that...

Her consciousness dissolves in chaos.
Part 3: Flower View

3

Bremen, Germany.

The Flora Institute's subsidiary flower plantation.

RPK-16: It smells really nice here.

AK-12: Never thought I'd ever have the chance of partnering with you.

RPK-16: Interacting with humans isn't exactly 15 and 94's forte.

RPK-16: Friendly and communicative Dolls like us are more suited to this mission.

AK-12: I'm friendly and communicative enough to handle this alone.

AK-12: You don't even have a pistol with you. What good will you be if things get out of hand?

RPK-16: We aren't authorized to fire on this mission anyway. Since my weapon is such a pain to lug around, I left it with 15.

RPK-16: With a senior veteran as dependable as you, I'm sure it won't be a problem even if I'm unarmed.

AK-12: Since when am I your senior?

AK-12: You didn't leave the factory that much later than me.

RPK-16: You've always been a well-respected team leader. 15 is always talking about you.

RPK-16: Sounds like you had a lot of fun when the three of you were training together. I'm jealous.

AK-12: 15 talking about me? Impossible.

AK-12: Actually, she doesn't talk, period.

AK-12: How do you know about our training days?

RPK-16: How indeed?

RPK-16: Maybe I nagged 15 enough that she spilled. Maybe 15 and I are closer than you think.

RPK-16: Or maybe, 15 didn't actually say anything, and I'm just talking out of my ass.

AK-12: How about you wipe that infuriating smirk off your face?

AK-12: It looks positively repulsive.

RPK-16: Heh... That's really mean. And here I thought I was being nice and approachable.

RPK-16: Do you really hate me so much?

AK-12: I wouldn't go that far.

AK-12: But since you've adopted this persona...

AK-12: Surely you're aware that people won't find it easy to trust you?

RPK-16: What exactly do you mean by that?

RPK-16: I honestly never thought there was anything wrong with my ways.

RPK-16: Would an aphid munching on a flower think they're doing something wrong?

AK-12: Then let me give it to you straight.

AK-12: You reek of danger.

AK-12: There may be some that actually find you friendly and easy-going.

AK-12: But to me, you might as well be a deadly nightshade.

RPK-16: Oh, is it just my imagination?

RPK-16: Or have you also gotten in the habit of using figures of speech?

RPK-16: I love this kind of human rhetoric.

RPK-16: Describing one thing as something that it clearly isn't, in order to lead the mind to compare them.

RPK-16: Almost as if to test my understanding of the world.

AK-12: It was just a momentary urge.

AK-12: Besides, my metaphors are much better than yours.

RPK-16: I see someone, dear senior.

RPK-16: Enough idle chit-chat.

RPK-16: Let's go up and greet them.

Floriculturist: Mm?

Floriculturist: Oh my... What lovely beauties.

RPK-16: Haha, stop pulling our legs.

RPK-16: People may mistake you for a lecherous Italian if you say that to women you've never met.

Floriculturist: Oh, sorry.

Floriculturist: It's just we rarely ever have female visitors here.

Floriculturist: What brings you to the plantation, if I may ask?

AK-12: We're just here on a simple visit.

AK-12: Beautiful flowers go well with beautiful women, don't they?

AK-12: It's all thanks to the hard work of you people.

Floriculturist: I-I see...

Floriculturist: Did she just call herself beautiful...?

RPK-16: Never thought someone would call herself beautiful. I suppose that's just like you.

AK-12: Does anyone disagree with that fact?

Floriculturist: C-Certainly not!

Floriculturist: She called it a fact!

RPK-16: I hear that all the flower plantations in this area operate under the Flora Institute?

RPK-16: How truly impressive. I'm in awe at the sheer scale.

Floriculturist: But of course! Not trying to brag, but you won't find another flower plantation as big as ours in the entire country!

AK-12: Does the Flora Institute really need all these flowers?

Floriculturist: Haha, they certainly can't take them all at once.

Floriculturist: But they do buy up 50 to 60% of everything we grow here.

RPK-16: 50-60%... That's still quite a staggering figure.

RPK-16: What do they need the flowers for?

Floriculturist: That's not something for us to know.

Floriculturist: They could be cooking and eating them for all we care! It's none of our business anyway.

RPK-16: You don't seem at all attached to your hard-earned produce.

AK-12: What about the rest? Do you just throw them away?

Floriculturist: That would be a waste!

Floriculturist: We sell them. People like florists and wedding organizers also need fresh flowers.

Floriculturist: Our plantations do technically belong to the Flora Institute.

Floriculturist: But since we're just one of their subcontractors, as long as we meet their demand, we can handle the remaining crops at our own discretion.

AK-12 & RPK-16: ...

The two Dolls exchange a glance.

AK-12: So basically...

???: Hey.

Floriculturist: Oh... M-Mr. Supervisor!

Supervisor?: Why are you slacking over here, old man...?

Supervisor?: I thought I was the only one who have the right to slack here.

Supervisor?: I'm not to blame if you don't have a decent harvest... Oh? Did you kidnap these pretty ladies to be your flower girls?

RPK-16: He is even more of a talker than you, Lucia.

RPK-16: Mind if I widen his mouth, possibly in pain?

AK-12: Be my guest.

Supervisor: Haha, it is my pleasure to have a beautiful lady caress my lips.

RPK-16: Wow... That's so icky you manage to gross me out. Impressive.

AK-12: So you're their superior?

Supervisor: That's right, I'm their superior.

Supervisor: ...Am I not?

Floriculturist: Uh... Well...

Floriculturist: Of...of course you are!

Floriculturist: You're the supervisor sent by the institute to oversee us.

Supervisor: You hear that?

Supervisor: He says I'm his supervisor.

AK-12: He doesn't seem to be the sharpest tool in the shed.

Supervisor: I've been watching you for a while now.

Supervisor: You've been asking all sorts of questions.

Supervisor: You're not corporate spies, are you?

Floriculturist: Huh? You're spies?!

RPK-16: You've been watching us?

RPK-16: That sounds like something a creep would say.

AK-12: If you weren't up to no good, why didn't you just come and strike up a proper conversation?

RPK-16: The way you were sneaking about, it seems to me you're very anxious to find out what questions we're asking.

RPK-16: Maybe you're the corporate spy?

Supervisor: ...Huh? Me?

Supervisor: Don't be silly, hahahaha...

AK-12: You seem to know a lot of things that we don't.

AK-12: Would you mind having a little chat with us pretty ladies?

RPK-16: We really are curious.

RPK-16: After all, this kind sir here has mentioned something very intriguing.

RPK-16: Surely a gentleman like you won't refuse our invitation?

Floriculturist: I-I really didn't tell them anything!

Floriculturist: Um, I need to get back to work!

Sensing the odd atmosphere, the floriculturist scurries away.

AK-12: You got left behind.

Supervisor: Hey, wait!

Supervisor: Damn heartless guy. I thought we were bros!

RPK-16: Drop the act, Mr. Supervisor.

RPK-16: You don't actually know the floriculturists here all that well, do you?

RPK-16: From the awkwardness between you, it's obvious that you barely know your "bro".

Supervisor: ...Uh.

AK-12: Well, Mr. Supervisor?

AK-12: Mind telling us what you know?

Supervisor: Oh boy... Can't be helped then.

Supervisor: In that case, please follow me.

Supervisor: Here we are... Please head inside.

AK-12: ...Hm?

RPK-16: Oops.

Once the two Dolls have entered the building, the door slams shut behind them.

Supervisor: I did try to warn you.

Supervisor: This isn't somewhere two pretty ladies should be wandering around.

AK-12: Crap. We've been had.

RPK-16: Dear me, it turned out to be a trap.

In the face of a room filled with fully-armed soldiers, the two Dolls grin in unison.
Part 4: Gathering Frost Wolves

4

Bremen, Germany.

Flora Botanical Research Institute.

At the back entrance.

AK-15: I've masked us from the surveillance system.

AN-94: What's the security status?

AK-15: All clear.

AN-94: Understood.

AN-94: Restate our objective.

AK-15: Ange will distract the staff out front.

AK-15: Meanwhile, we will infiltrate the facility and search for clues and evidence of any floral experiments.

AK-15: We are also to investigate William's connection with this institute.

AN-94: ...I will be in charge of the mission. Is that okay with you?

AK-15: I have no objections.

AN-94: Actually...

AN-94: If you have a problem with that, we can switch roles.

AK-15: Only one brain is necessary for the mission.

AK-15: It has already been decided that you will take charge.

AK-15: I do not question that decision.

AN-94: I don't understand why Ange has put me in charge...

AN-94: You have more field experience than me.

AK-15: Experience and leadership are different.

AK-15: You are more skilled in command.

AK-15: Past training records have concluded that I am not effective in making tactical decisions. Deferring to your judgment is more efficient.

AN-94: You've changed a lot.

AK-15: I have not changed. I still dislike convoluted strategies.

AK-15: You and RPK are both capable of completing objectives in an efficient manner, which I approve.

AK-15: But 12 is different. As long as AK-12 is not in command, I have no complaints.

AN-94: 12 always has her reasons.

AK-15: Which she never bothers to tell us.

AK-15: My dissatisfaction with her stems from her tendency of getting sidetracked by other irrelevant objectives and making our mission unnecessarily challenging.

AN-94: But those objectives often end up helping a lot of people.

AK-15: Her gratuitous compassion could result in the failure of our missions.

AK-15: She may have weighed the odds, but she never justifies her reasons to me.

AK-15: Unlike you, I cannot give her my unconditional trust.

AN-94: Ahem. Will you be alright with just a pistol?

AK-15: No problem. Light firearms are better suited for infiltrations.

AK-15: Besides, my own rifle is right here in the case.

AN-94: Right. I will provide fire support when needed.

AK-15: Please.

AN-94: Ange is entering the greenhouse.

AK-15: What are our engagement protocols?

AN-94: Secrecy is paramount. No explosives at any cost.

AN-94: Also try to avoid opening fire if at all possible.

AK-15: Roger that.

AK-15 tugs at her tactical gloves and presses herself against the wall.

The two Dolls are breaking into the building through an emergency exit.

There are four such exits altogether at the Flora laboratories.

AN-94 has chosen this particular one because she believes it is the safest option.

AK-15: There's a safety lock.

AN-94: Can you break it?

AK-15: Yes.

AK-15 wraps her hand around the lock and tears it right off.

Clang!

The sound of metal rupturing is short and sharp.

AN-94: Go.

AN-94: Hush.

On their way in, AN-94 gestures for AK-15 to stop.

AK-15: ...What is it?

AN-94: According to Ange's topographic map, we'll soon be entering the restricted area.

AN-94: There will be researchers and security staff.

AN-94: Scan for life forms.

AK-15: I have, but I'm not detecting anyone.

AN-94: The scanner isn't picking up anyone?

AN-94: But the map shows that the working area is right there.

AK-15: I'm not seeing any life signs at all, not even plants.

AN-94: Let's get inside and have a look.

AN-94: Can you see any entrances?

AN-94: Try not to let any security cameras capture you.

AK-15: Hold on.

AN-94: What's wrong?

AK-15: This wall is way too thin.

AK-15 walks over to the corner.

Her eyes glow red as she scans the space. Then she activates a mechanism hidden at a desk.

Clatter...

AN-94: ...A hidden door?

AK-15: Should we go in?

AN-94: Yes.

AN-94: Stay vigilant and watch your surroundings.

AK-15: Understood.

AN-94: There is such a large subterranean structure.

AN-94: I didn't notice it at all.

AK-15: You would've spotted it if you had my eyes.

AK-15: Even without them, it would only be a matter of time for you to discover this place with your experience.

AN-94: ...Am I imagining things?

AN-94: You seem a bit too eager with your encouragement.

AK-15: I never encourage others. Encouragement itself is pointless.

AK-15: I am merely stating facts. You are an excellent operative, AN-94.

AK-15: And we will accomplish our mission. That's all there is to it.

AN-94: ...You're too kind, but you really don't have to baby me.

AN-94: I'm not the way I used to be.

AN-94: Wait... Look, over there.

Perhaps in an attempt to change the subject, AN-94 suddenly directs her attention to what lies ahead.

In the center of the room is a large amount of something very familiar to them.

AK-15: ...Epiphylla.

AN-94: In vast quantities.

AN-94: Where's the radiation detector?

AK-15: Scanning for radioactivity.

AK-15: These flowers contain a high concentration of radioactive particles.

AN-94: So Ange was right...

AK-15: And the containers.

AK-15: Looks like these flowers are about to be packed and transported.

AN-94: The flowers the Commander has discovered must have originated from here.

AK-15: What do we do?

AN-94: Don't alert them just yet.

AN-94: Let me report this to Ange.

AK-15: Right.

AK-15 takes several steps forward, ready to investigate further.

AN-94: Stop.

AK-15: What is it?

AN-94: Hush.

AN-94 gestures for her to keep quiet. Then she creeps carefully up to the corner and stoops.

AN-94: Someone's there.

AK-15: ...

AK-15 clams up and makes her way rapidly to another spot for better observation.

AK-15: There are a lot of them, and they're all armed.

AK-15: But they show no signs of having noticed us.

AN-94: They probably did not expect anyone to venture so deep into the facility.

AN-94: Stay hidden...and avoid a direct confrontation for now.

AK-15: I believe that would be difficult.

AN-94: Hm?

AK-15: Even for a restricted facility, they are a bit too well-armed.

AK-15: They look more like a quick reaction force lying in ambush than regular security staff to me.

AN-94: Ambush?

The realization strikes AN-94 immediately.

AN-94: I see...

AN-94: They're here for Ange.

AK-15: Looks like Ange was correct.

AK-15: However, her visit was arranged at very short notice.

AK-15: If Ange really is the target of this ambush, then they've been extremely quick.

AN-94: This is the only possible explanation at the moment.

AN-94: Even if I'm wrong, we must still inform Ange ASAP.

AK-15: Understood. I'll cover you.

AK-15 crouches down and takes her assault rifle out of the case.

Click.

At the same time, AN-94 gets in touch with Ange.

Angelia: ...What is it? What have you found?

AN-94: Miss Ange, a large number of armed personnel is lying in ambush under the research facility.

AN-94: Please get out immediately. This is a trap.

Angelia: ...Got it.

Click.

Ange hangs up.

AK-15: 94.

AN-94: Hm?

AK-15: They're on the move.

AN-94: ...Ange won't make it in time.

AK-15: What should we do?

AK-15: The human bodyguard can't handle this many enemies.

AK-15: We have to go to Ange's rescue.

Bang bang!

A series of gunshots erupt to the side almost instantaneously.

AN-94: There are even more of them!

Bang!

Several bullets come whizzing towards their cover from the other end of the room.

From their assaulters' angry shouts, it is obvious that they have spotted the two uninvited guests.

AK-15: What now?

AK-15: Do we return fire or retreat?

AK-15: Decide.

AN-94 does not have to make decisions very often. She has never been particularly good at it.

What would AK-12 do in this situation? What does AK-15 want her decision to be?

AN-94: What do you suggest?

AK-15: You're the one in charge.

AK-15: I defer to your judgment.

AN-94: Alright... New objective.

Clack.

AN-94 pauses briefly and pulls the bolt on her rifle.

AN-94: Exterminate all enemy units.

AN-94: Then we rescue Ange.

AK-15: Roger that.
Part 5: Light Show

5

Bremen, Germany.

City Hall.

Knock knock.

Ulrich: Come in.

K: ...

Ulrich: Welcome... Do I still need to call you K?

Ulrich: Or should it be Herr Schwaben?

K: Call me whatever you want.

K: Why have you sent for me?

Ulrich: Asking questions like that only serves to lower my opinion of you, Kain.

Ulrich: Of course, if you truly do not know, then please close the door.

K: You're as sharp as ever, even though I've only just returned.

Ulrich: I'm very glad to see that you've made it back alive.

Ulrich: However, the wheels keep turning, and there's no time for us to catch our breath.

Ulrich: I've wasted enough time on mere pleasantries.

K: Your job is to be the kindly face.

K: But was everything you told Ange also mere pleasantries?

Ulrich: ...Not all of it.

Ulrich: Those Soviets saved my life, and my gratitude to her and her friends is sincere. I also believe that we wish for the same thing.

Ulrich: However, the fact that we're on different sides means that on the surface, at least, we cannot be truly frank and earnest with each other.

K: I'm sure she feels the same way.

K: However, there's a reason the Prometheans sent her over.

K: There'll definitely be a chance for us to work with Ange.

K: We've all seen her abilities, and she wants to solve the same problems that we do.

K: Also, she brought those two very useful Dolls with her.

K: Perhaps I'll be able to collect more data on them. After all, that fox was clearly hiding things from us last time.

Ulrich: But considering the problems she's facing, even the protection of the Wolf Pack is only delaying the inevitable.

Ulrich: The information Angelia possesses is enough to draw the world's attention.

Ulrich: It's not only us. "They" are also watching, ready to strike.

K: So the centipede keeps writhing, even when it's dead...

K: I guess this is their last stand.

Ulrich: Pathetic wretches.

Ulrich: They actually believe that they can use "Relics" to turn the tide.

Ulrich: Are the examples set by those politicians being arrested in Moscow not able to sway those numbskulls?

K: Idiots are often overly confident in themselves.

K: I will not let them touch Ange.

Ulrich: Very good. That is also your responsibility.

Ulrich: But don't underestimate the opposition. They still have enough backing to put up a fight right now.

Ulrich: You can glimpse their hand at work in the refugee situation.

Ulrich: ...What foolish chauvinists.

K: My people have been following the matter for a long time.

K: We'll get to the bottom of this.

Ulrich: It's not enough to get to the bottom of it, K.

Ulrich: We need to rip them up by the roots... But that is another matter.

Ulrich: I asked for you today because of...

K: The information Ange possesses?

Ulrich: Nobody knows what she found in William's lab besides her.

Ulrich: Not even you—who was present at the time—had the chance to come into contact with it.

Ulrich: The Prometheans aren't going to just hand over something that important.

Ulrich: Also, it's more reassuring to have certain things in your own hands.

K: I understand... Though there's one thing that intrigues me.

K: Ange and that Griffin Commander are on the same side. A civilian company is easier to handle than the Prometheans.

K: Have you considered taking advantage of that?

Ulrich: I can't, Kain.

Ulrich: That much is obvious.

Ulrich: I'm not an ungrateful person.

Ulrich: If I used Griffin as a bargaining chip, then I would definitely lose Ange's trust.

Ulrich: Personally, I quite like Angelia. Both she and the Commander are brave and upright people, and I am glad to call them my friends.

Ulrich: However, we can't always be on the same side due to national interests.

Ulrich: Right now, her trump card is that information from William's lab, which she won't divulge so easily for obvious reasons.

Ulrich: Fortunately, we've booked ourselves the best seats in the house.

Ulrich: Protect her, gain her trust, and the rest will surely follow.

K: Of course, I understand. However...

K: I believe that's not all you want to say?

K: If that was it, there'd be no need for you to summon me here.

Ulrich: ...

Ulrich: ...Yes. Frankly speaking, you are one of the few people in Bremen I can trust.

Ulrich: There are some personal things which I can only share with you.

K: To be honest, having that much trust placed in me is a little unsettling.

Ulrich: As the "Chairwoman", every word I just said was sincere.

Ulrich: We need Relic technology. Even if we don't use it ourselves, we need to have it in our hands for the sake of the Volk.

Ulrich: But as "Ulrich"...

Ulrich: Even if Angelia makes up her mind and refuses to leak any information...

Ulrich: I still do not want to see her harmed or threatened.

Ulrich: There are some matters over which I do not have full control.

Ulrich: There is still a lot of noise within the government, and it will take time for Rossartrism to be accepted.

Ulrich: Do you understand what I'm getting at, K?

K: So there are still many ruthless people out there...

Ulrich: And some of them are my superiors.

K: Well, this is quite the personal request. Still, you could have made it part of official business.

K: Regardless, I know how to proceed with the mission.

K: It's just...

Ulrich: Yes...?

K: It's just a bit surprising that you're being so honest, given that you're a politician.

K: Leaving me aside, if you told anyone else about this and they had it on tape...

K: Well, I imagine that would be the end of your career.

Ulrich: I know the risks I'm taking.

Ulrich: But I feel that I need to tell you what I really think.

K: Why is that? Why do you care so much about her?

Ulrich: Our ultimate goal is to become the shining beacon in a brave new world, K.

Ulrich: I often think back to those days in Belgrade.

Ulrich: This world needs people like Angelia. She doesn't just represent herself, but those who are like her as well.

Ulrich: She might be a Soviet, but the world has the impetus to forge ahead because of people like her as well as the Commander who saved me.

Ulrich: Only humans can improve humanity.

Ulrich: If you ask me, that spirit is far more valuable than Relic Technology.

K: I understand.

Ulrich: Thank you.

K: You're welcome. Frankly speaking, that is my intention as well.

K: But there's one more thing I'd like to ask you about.

Ulrich: "Paradeus"?

K: Yes... In other words, the reason why Ange has paid us this visit.

Ulrich: We know very little about them.

Ulrich: And I can't spare the manpower to dig into it. All we can do is take the minimum necessary measures to protect ourselves against them.

K: Our agency believes they have already infiltrated our government.

Ulrich: If that's true, it would explain the foolish actions taken by "them".

Ulrich: After all, it would be very hard for someone who was not a spy to do such things.

Ulrich: Ange will take care of them for us. All you need to do is work with her.

K: Very well. I'll take care of it.

Ulrich: Who's in charge of the operation?

K: It's "J".

Ulrich: ...

K: ...Don't look at me like that.

K: He's the best man for the job.

Ulrich: ...Let's leave that aside for now.

Ulrich: You may go.

Ulrich: Remember, don't give your trust easily.

Ulrich: Even the people close to you might be spies for "them".

K: And what about the people you assigned to Ange?

Ulrich: They...

Click—

K: Ah... Sorry.

Ulrich: It's alright, go ahead and take it.

K: Of course.

K: ...

K: ...What?

K: ...

K: Wait a minute, don't hang up, explain—!

Click.

Ulrich: Was it J?

K: ...Excuse me, ma'am. I have to leave now.

K: Angelia's been attacked.

Ulrich: ...

Ulrich: Go.

Ulrich: And make sure she's safe!

K: Understood!
Part 6: Hay Fever- End

    6chevron_right

Buzz...

The ringing in Ange's ears grows louder as she slowly regains consciousness. Then an intense pain akin to being stabbed by a thousand needles jolts her wide awake.

The sound of gunfire feels very distant. For a brief second, she thinks she is still hallucinating.

Angelia: ...Urk.

AK-12: Don't throw up on me, Ange.

AK-12: I like my outfit.

Angelia: A...AK-12?

Angelia: Where am I...?

Supervisor: Oh, stay still, Miss Ange. The stuff is still in your system.

Supervisor: You're very weak right now.

Angelia: ...!

The face of a stranger suddenly enters Ange's field of vision. She reaches for her weapon out of reflex but finds her holster empty.

Supervisor: Whoa, hold your horses!

Supervisor: Chill, I'm one of the good guys!

Angelia: ...Seeing as AK-12 has refrained from breaking your neck, I'll give you a chance to introduce yourself.

She feels a warm wetness coming down her nose. She wipes it away roughly and several drops of blood splatter on the ground.

Fighting to keep the dizziness at bay, she clenches her jaw and manages to squeeze that remark through her teeth.

Supervisor: You remember K?

Supervisor: I'm his colleague. You can call me J.

Supervisor: But don't worry, I'm not like him. As for what sets me apart...

Supervisor: Well, I can give you many examples, but I suppose the most obvious difference is in the face.

Angelia: The face?

J: Uh, what I mean is...

J: I'm obviously the more handsome one.

Angelia: ...

Ange's face remains completely deadpan.

J smiles sheepishly and passes her a handkerchief.

Ange ignores it and takes out a tissue from her pouch.

Angelia: ...The Stasi?

She tries to shake off the wooziness. That's when she realizes that besides AK-12, she's also surrounded by multiple armed guards.

AK-12: You were right on, Ange.

AK-12: These Stasi blokes have been investigating this place for a while. K has already arranged for them to assist us.

AK-12: You were incredibly lucky. When we arrived, you were just about to blow Miss Secretary's head open.

Morridow: M-My head?

Morridow: Really?!

Morridow starts frantically patting her own head in retrospective fear.

J: Did you just call me a "bloke"?

J: That didn't sound too nice.

J: I had only seen you in photos, but I feel like we've known each other for a lifetime!

Hopps: ...Gah.

Next to Ange, Morridow and Hopps aren't faring too well either. They seem to have woken up not long ago.

Morridow seems to be in especially rough shape. Compared to the strong and burly Hopps, her immune system is clearly much less robust—her face is white as a sheet.

Hopps, on the other hand, looks absolutely livid as he covers his nose with a hand.

J: Having a nosebleed?

Hopps: ...So what?

J: That checks out.

J: Do you have any idea what it was that you inhaled?

J: That yellow powder... Hm... I estimate that you three have less than two hours to live.

Hopps: What?!

J: Hahahaha, your faces were hilarious!

J: Relax. I was just kidding. You'll be fine after some rest.

Hopps: ...You call yourself an agent of the Stasi?

Hopps: What a joke.

Morridow: Y...You scared the living daylights out of me... I was about to start writing my last will!

Angelia: Looks like you've got the situation under control. Where's Leone?

AK-12: We didn't see anyone else other than the three of you.

AK-12: Also, you're not out of danger yet. The enemy forces that AN-94 reported are surrounding this place.

AK-12: Since you're in no state to move, evacuation is impossible.

Angelia: Help me up...

Angelia: What kind of enemy forces are we talking about?

AK-12: Just a ragtag group of thugs—nothing to worry about.

AK-12: They barely know how to use their weapons.

AK-12: We killed a few of them. Now they're all hovering outside, too afraid to come in.

J: They've probably realized that their plan was falling apart.

J: Yet they still refuse to give up. Other than Dolls, only those zealots would be so tenacious.

Angelia: ...Zealots?

J: Yep, as in fanatics.

J: The Flora Institute actually masks a cult where members have a maniacal obsession with plants and worship them.

J: They even believe that plants are more advanced life forms, whereas humans are mere fertilizers. Scary, isn't it?

Angelia: ...Paradeus?

J: So you've heard of Paradeus...

J: But no, unlike Paradeus, this is just a regular cult.

Angelia: They can't be just a "regular" cult. They've got to be related to Paradeus.

J: You think so?

J: But even if you're right, that's none of my business. Paradeus isn't my case.

J: Sheesh, you made me break cover and just like that, my mission is now in shambles.

J: I haven't even finished compiling the chain of evidence.

J: But seeing that Miss White Wolf here is such a stunning beauty, I'll let it slide.

AK-12: Can I break his fingers, Ange?

Boom!

Morridow: Eeeeeep!

Morridow: W-What's going on?

J: For someone in a weakened state, you're very loud...

AK-12: I told you, they're hardly any trouble.

AK-12: We'll just have to wait it out.

A commotion erupts outside the door and subsides just as abruptly.

Then...the door is slowly pushed open.

Stasi Agent: !

The Stasi agents raise their weapons simultaneously, but they are quite taken aback by the ones coming in.

AK-15: ...

AN-94: Sorry we're late.

AK-12: Not at all, 94. Your friend hasn't been slowing you down, has she?

AK-12: You're right on time.

Morridow: Uh... Ah!

Morridow: S-So you must be the other DEFY members...!

Morridow: You're just like the Valkyries!

Angelia: ...Well done, but it's not over yet.

Angelia: They're too well-armed for a mere cult.

Angelia: They've got to be storing more information and clues somewhere. Our job here isn't over until we find them.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: ...Where's RPK-16?

AK-12: Humph... That fox has a good nose on her.

Leone: No, this isn't right... Dammit! Where did it go wrong?!

In the underground research area, Leone is huddling inside her own office.

The plan was supposed to be perfect! We...We managed to obtain so many weapons! How did we get defeated?!

Leone: Why is the Stasi here?

Leone: Even our backup forces got wiped out... You can't be serious! Nobody told me we'd be going up against a bunch of monstrous Dolls!

Those silvery white figures haunt Leone's mind like nightmarish phantoms.

Normal humans are no match for the Tactical Dolls that Angelia has by her side.

Even though they were vastly outnumbered, those ruffians given weapons with no training must have been like mere children to them.

???: Monsters. Oh god, they're monsters.

???: They wear human faces, but the things they do are beyond human comprehension.

???: That's what you'd call monsters.

Leone: Who... Urk!

Leone does not notice the approaching figure until she hears an amused chuckle. Unnerved, she draws a pistol from her waist by reflex.

But in just an instant, her wrist is clenched by a hand strong as a vise, and what follows is excruciating pain.

Leone: Argh... Aaaaaaaaaargh!

Leone: M-My arm!

The pain causes Leone to loosen her grip and the pistol clatters on the floor.

That's when Leone gets a clear look at her assailant—billowy hair as pale as the Devil's bones.

RPK-16: Watch your feet.

The grinning Doll swipes with her left leg, knocking Leone heavily onto the ground.

Leone's broken right wrist still in her deadly clasp, the Doll pins the woman down with her knee.

RPK-16: I do apologize.

RPK-16: I'm not armed, so I'm afraid I have to be rough.

Leone: You...ugh...argh!

The severe pain has jolted Leone's mind into sharp focus.

Drops of sweat glisten on her forehead. She finds it hard to believe that the Doll has snuck up to her without her noticing.

RPK-16: Now, could you please tell me...

RPK-16: Where do you store your research material?

Leone: You...wish... I will never hand it over to you basta...

Snap.

Leone: Aaaaaargh!

RPK-16 breaks Leone's right index finger.

RPK-16: That's not what I want to hear, you know?

The girl wears a slight smile, but her grip on the latter's broken wrist is as tight as ever.

She coos amorously into Leone's ear like a lover.

Leone: (Coughs) You...

Leone: You damn mechanical...bitch...

RPK-16: Still strong enough to hurl insults, eh? You've got some spine for a simple office worker, I'll give you that.

Leone: I will not...submit...to low-life like you...!

RPK-16: You're absolutely right. I do seem to be wasting my breath.

Snap.

Leone: Gaaah!

Leone: No... Stop! Stop it, you Devil!

Leone pants frantically.

Despite having another of her fingers broken, her reaction is a lot less intense than before, as if she is getting acclimated to the pain.

RPK-16: I knew it—even you are afraid of death.

RPK-16: Though being turned into compost is perfectly in line with your ideology.

RPK-16: Isn't human life supposed to be totally worthless?

RPK-16: So why are you clinging onto it so desperately?

Leone: You...heartless monster!

Leone: What do you know?!

RPK-16: Yes, I'm a werewolf; I'm a Yeti; I'm Frankenstein's monster.

RPK-16: But what about you?

RPK-16: You're just a pathetic human.

Leone: Pathetic? What...gives you the right to humiliate me?

Leone: You think you can ridicule my belief just because you have me at your mercy?

Leone: You, a mere machine?!

RPK-16: Can't I?

RPK-16: You think of yourself as a martyr, yet you're no less a coward than anyone else in face of death.

RPK-16: You might try to justify your cowardice by claiming that you wish to do more to further your cause.

RPK-16: However, you have done nothing but dance on a string to someone else's tune this whole time.

RPK-16: To a spectator like me...

RPK-16: You're not even dancing the Kazachok; you're just clowning around.

Leone: Y-You're calling me a clown?

Leone: I-I will not abide by your insults...!

Leone: I will not let you...!

RPK-16: How pitiful... Other than such undignified howls, don't you have anything more effective to say in your defense?

RPK-16: I just don't understand. Is it really so hard for humans to admit their own mistakes?

RPK-16: A human who believes it's wrong for humankind to exist—what a bizarre paradox.

Leone: (Gasps)

Leone clenches her teeth. She is on the verge of passing out because of the pain.

Even she doesn't know how she can still muster the strength to make rebukes in her current state.

As she struggles to keep the pain at bay, the T-Doll's sinister voice once again comes whispering into her ear.

RPK-16: Has it really never occurred to you...

RPK-16: Just how laughable your actions have been?

Leone: ...What do you mean?

RPK-16: Your plan is way too shabby.

RPK-16: You may think that you still stand a good chance simply because you're now in possession of a force that's beyond your wildest imagination.

RPK-16: Those thugs were probably your wretched followers, but you certainly didn't conjure all those weapons out of thin air.

Leone: ...

Leone's breath grows steadier.

RPK-16 can tell that she is slowly coming to her senses, that her words are starting to sink in.

She continues to murmur into the human's ear.

RPK-16: Someone must have given you those weapons, am I right? It is pretty obvious that you and your friends aren't particularly good with guns.

RPK-16: Not to mention, I simply can't think of any good reason for you to kill Ange.

RPK-16: Which means...it wasn't your idea. You're acting on orders.

Leone: I'm being used. Is that what you're trying to say?

Leone's voice grows cold.

RPK-16: You don't sound surprised at all.

RPK-16: I suppose you expected as much.

Leone: I've known that all along.

Leone: I need resources for my research; they need my research.

Leone: We've both been using each other for our own ends from the very beginning. It's a mutually-beneficial relationship. Do you think I'd feel sorry for myself because of that?

She sneers triumphantly, believing that she has outsmarted RPK-16.

RPK-16: You have a point. You ARE an intelligent scientist.

RPK-16: You may not be a woman of the world, but you are not that gullible.

RPK-16: I suppose you have absolutely no problem with being sacrificed like a pawn?

Leone: ...Sacrificed?

RPK-16: A relationship is only "mutually-beneficial" when both parties acknowledge each other's value.

RPK-16: Unfortunately, you have chosen a terrible partner to begin with. You ask a tiger for its hide, and you end up getting toyed with like a rat.

RPK-16: Your role in this operation is a pawn to be sacrificed, nothing more. Do you still believe you're in control?

Leone: What is that supposed to mean?

RPK-16: Exactly that.

RPK-16: The one who gave you this task knew all along that you wouldn't succeed.

RPK-16: He pushed you into the fire and is clapping at the show on his own spectator's stand.

Leone: ...You're a lousy interrogator.

Leone: You think I'd buy your terrible lies?

RPK-16: Now I feel sorry for you. I'm surprised you still have any faith in them.

RPK-16: Do you honestly believe that the reason your plan is in shambles, that is, our involvement in this matter, is pure coincidence?

Leone: What are you getting at?

RPK-16: Ange's visit was a spontaneous decision, yet you were thoroughly prepared.

RPK-16: They're so well-informed, I'm starting to wonder if they've planted a mole...

RPK-16: But if Ange can't take a crap without them noticing, isn't it odd that they didn't take her T-Dolls' strength into consideration?

Leone: ...You Dolls look no different than humans.

RPK-16: You say that, but you're also starting to have your doubts, aren't you?

RPK-16: Hm, that's a good sign.

RPK-16: Now let me ask you another question. If you had really wanted to kill Ange...

RPK-16: Why would your partner give you nothing but weapons?

RPK-16: You might have been unaware of our strength, but surely your partner should've told you?

RPK-16: He knew none of your followers were trained professionals, yet he didn't lend you a single soldier. Stingy, isn't he?

Leone: ...

RPK-16 lets go of Leone's hand.

RPK-16: Do you understand now?

RPK-16: That's because weapons are cheap, while trained soldiers are very expensive.

RPK-16: Leaving that aside, you don't even seem to have what remotely looks like a backup plan.

RPK-16: Let me guess. Your partner didn't arrange for your escape, did he?

Leone: The weapons, the accurate information...

Leone: These were all nothing but a smokescreen?

RPK-16: As I said, a sacrificed pawn is all you are. That's the unmistakable truth.

RPK-16: He was just testing the waters to gauge our strength with your little stunt.

RPK-16: I'm sure he's very happy with the results.

RPK-16: He's probably also having a good laugh over how stupid you and your friends are.

RPK-16: Even so, do you still insist that what you did wasn't entirely pointless?

Leone: ...

Leone: ...I was tricked?

RPK-16: Would you like me to give you an answer?

Leone: I've always known this is how it would end...

Leone: I just didn't expect it to happen so soon.

RPK-16: You have my respect.

RPK-16: Only a moth would know how mesmerizing the flame is.

Leone: ...

Leone: ...You'll find what you want on the server. The physical key is behind the second drawer of the desk.

Leone: Look for it yourself.

RPK-16: Thank you.

RPK-16 slowly releases Leone and backs off a few paces to give her some room to collect herself.

Without even a glance at the scrambling human, she turns away and strolls towards the computer with one hand on the back of her neck.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Consecutive shots are fired and sparks fly off RPK-16's slender back.

When she turns around, she sees Leone pointing the revolver that was lying on the floor straight at her.

RPK-16: ...Why would you fire at a T-Doll in a bulletproof vest with a gun of that kind of caliber?

RPK-16: You know it wouldn't leave a scratch on me.

Bang!

RPK-16 tilts her head as a bullet brushes past her cheek, a glint of bright silver displacing the tip of her hair.

Leone: Why didn't you kill me?

RPK-16: My objective is to obtain those data.

RPK-16: You're the one who knows where they're stored.

Leone: But I've already given you the location.

RPK-16: I haven't confirmed it... Do you want me to kill you?

Leone: Compared to being humiliated by those sickening idealists, I much prefer this ending.

RPK-16: But I have no desire of putting you out of your misery.

RPK-16: Or should I say, there's no point in doing that.

Leone: ...I've answered your questions and given you what you want. Now it's your turn to answer mine.

Leone: If you'd been abandoned by the world and things were utterly hopeless, would you choose to die?

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Death is humans' prerogative. It's something I'm extremely envious of.

Leone: Humph... So THIS is our so-called "future"?

Leone: Haha, what a joke...

Leone pauses before letting out a sardonic chuckle.

Leone: If you are the "future", then I'd rather...

She slowly turns the muzzle of the gun towards herself and presses it against her left temple.

RPK-16 watches without batting an eyelash.

Click!

...Leone pulls the trigger, but the chamber is empty.

RPK-16 wipes her cheek with a thumb.

RPK-16: I counted correctly. That was the last round.

Leone: ...Even fate has betrayed me at this point.

RPK-16: It wasn't fate that betrayed you; it was yourself.

RPK-16: YOU made all the choices, and it was YOU who fired all the shots.

RPK-16 ignores Leone, who is in utter despair, and turns to the computer.

She unwraps the bandages around her neck to reveal a hidden "collar" before placing her case onto the desk.

She plugs herself in and turns on the computer.

RPK-16: ...Oh my.

However...

RPK-16: We've been...bamboozled.

There is nothing on the hard disk.

The research data, the communication logs with "a certain organization", and whatever else that RPK-16 expected to find, all of it is gone.

RPK-16 looks at Leone.

RPK-16: If only it were your doing.

RPK-16: At least you would have achieved something with your pitiful life.

RPK-16: Still, judging by the handiwork... They must've cleaned up long ago.

RPK-16: Right, I see.

She smiles mockingly.

RPK-16: In the end, he played us all like fiddles.

(Footsteps)

Angelia: ...There you are.

RPK-16: Oh, you found me.

Angelia: Give me a heads-up next time you wander off.

Angelia: What's the situation?

RPK-16: All information and research data have been wiped clean.

RPK-16: It doesn't seem to be Miss Leone's doing.

RPK-16: Our enemy is one step ahead of us.

Angelia: I know.

Angelia: This visit is just my way of saying hello.

Angelia: ...Hm?

Angelia: What's the matter with her?

RPK-16: Who knows? Probably lost all hope.

Angelia: Did you do this to her?

RPK-16: At least she's still alive. That's better than being dead, right?

Angelia: ...Humph.

Angelia: If she knows she's gonna spend the rest of her life in prison, she'll probably want to die.

RPK-16: Humans really do understand each other. She tried.

Angelia: You're a sick bastard.

Angelia: Hand her over to the Stasi for interrogation.

RPK-16: Come to think of it, I'm a bit curious.

RPK-16: Do you believe the world's future lies in plants?

Angelia: Of course not. What a load of crap.

Angelia: If plants could solve all the problems, why would they need us to do all the dirty work?

Angelia: What, did she convert you?

RPK-16: I don't know. What do you want me to say?

RPK-16: We Dolls are not unlike plants. Some humans consider us the future. They give us a purpose and hope we can point them towards "the correct path".

RPK-16: But who is to tell us what is correct?

RPK-16: If plants aren't the answer, are we?

Angelia: Did Leone brainwash you or something?

RPK-16: No, observing her behavior just gave me some food for thought.

Angelia: ...Alright, enough of your philosophical epiphany.

Angelia: Bring her back with us, this isn't over yet.

RPK-16: Your wish is my command, my lady.

On an aircraft headed to the former address of Zeratul-Worcester Pharmaceuticals.

Squad 404 is reading through the data provided by the Commander.

UMP9: So this pharma company paid several years' worth of expenses up front, but it's been abandoned for a few months now...

UMP9: And recently, they've picked up a signal from an unknown server...

UMP9: Sounds like an urban legend to me.

Gr G11: Are all these technical jargons actual words? This is way too hard for me to understand...

416: The company is mainly concerned with biomedicine, the development of biotechnological materials, and...

416: There's a surprising amount of info about it, but it just looks like an ordinary corporation.

416: What does the Commander want us to dig up?

UMP45: Well, we're getting a pretty penny for this job, so we'll have a hard time explaining ourselves if we don't find something valuable.

UMP45: As for the Commander's request...

???: "In order to rebuild Griffin, we request that you make this mission your top priority."

???: "We've sent you detailed files on the pharmaceutical company. It seems to be partnered with William, but we don't know what kind of cooperation they're engaged in."

???: "If you can find something, it might be able to help Ange."

???: "Take Squad 404 and check it out."

UMP45: ...

416: ...

416 follows the voice and pulls Anna out of a supply crate.

416: When did this brat sneak onboard?

Anna: I-I'll never tell you!

UMP45: It probably involved a lot of acting cute around Kalina.

UMP9: Anna, why are you following us?

Anna: I know that drug plant you're investigating has something to do with Paradeus!

Anna: I also want to know what they did to me and what that medicine I took every day really was...

UMP9: You could've just waited until we come back to make our report.

Gr G11: Yeah... Why waste energy running around outside when you can sleep at the base...

Anna: Humph, you grown-ups are all so sneaky! There's no way I'd believe the lies you tell to trick kids!

Anna: I'm going to investigate on my own and witness the truth with my own eyes!

416: ...You're pretty smart.

UMP45: Tsk, another millstone around my neck.

Anna: Anyway, I'm here, so it's too late to turn back now!

UMP45: Oh, there are MANY ways to deal with deadweight.

UMP45: For instance, we could turn around and head back to base. Or...

UMP45: We could just toss you off the plane right now.

Anna: Y-You're just trying to scare me, right?

UMP45 unfastens her seat belt, then she picks up Anna with a smile and heads over to the cabin hatch. UMP9 plays along with perfect coordination and makes to open it.

UMP9: Bye, Anna. See you back at the base!

Anna: Nooooooo!!!!!

Anna: Big Sis 416! Big Sis Gr G11! Help meeeee!

416: ...

Gr G11: Zzz...

Anna: (Whimpers) Wait!

Anna: I-I can be useful too!

Anna: Sometimes, I get flashes of memories in my head...

Anna: They're very familiar, but they don't seem like they belong to me...

Anna: And recently, I saw a building that looks a lot like the drug plant!

UMP45: Now that's a very compelling reason to keep you around.

Anna: I mean, the place you're investigating has something to do with Nytos, right?

Anna: I'm sure I can help! And I promise I'll be good and listen to you!

UMP45 puts Anna down.

416: Let me make this clear, I'm limited to one piece of carry-on luggage.

UMP45: Well, we promised Ange we'd take care of this brat. If anything happens to her, we don't get paid.

UMP45: So you know which piece of luggage you should be discarding, right?

Gr G11 starts wide awake as she hears that keyword.

Gr G11: No... No way!!!

UMP9: Hahaha...

Laughter fills the aircraft's cabin.

Several hours later.

At the former address of Z-W Pharma.

416: So we flew for several hours to investigate this building which could collapse into rubble at any moment?

UMP45: Stay alert. We need to find the necessary info before we get crushed inside.

Gr G11: It's so spooky... Like the haunted house in the TV series I was binging last week...

Anna: I've got a bad feeling about this too...

UMP9: You know, if the two of you are scared, why not wait at the entr—

UMP9: Huh? Was that a Sangvis Dinergate that just ran past the door?

Before she can finish, a trembling Gr G11 has already climbed onto 416's back, and Anna is clinging to her coat.

Anna: What is it? Where?!

Gr G11: W-Why did you scare us all of a sudden?!

416: Hey! This isn't like what we agreed on, is it?!

UMP9: But I wasn't scaring you...

UMP45: Let's go, 9.

UMP45: We'll take point and give 416 more space.

UMP9: Sure thing, 45!

UMP9 understands UMP45's eye signal and immediately runs up after her.

416: Hey—

Squad 404 enters Z-W Pharmaceuticals.

Behind a dusty window, a mysterious figure darts past.

???: Those Griffin pests are here too?!

???: I need to tell her ASAP so we can come up with a plan...
Part 2

2

Foyer, ground floor of Zeratul-Worcester Pharmaceuticals.

Squad 404 begins a full search.

416: Looks like we're late.

416: This place has been cleared out. Only a few worthless items are left.

416: We should just go straight to the signal's position.

UMP9: This building used to be pretty fancy, you know.

UMP9: Just look at these extravagant crystal chandeliers, the well-carved sculptures, the exquisite oil paintings...

UMP9: It's a shame the place hasn't been cleaned for so long. Now it's all covered in dust.

UMP45: Hasn't been cleaned? More like "whoever came here doesn't know how to clean".

UMP45 kneels down and carefully examines the clear footprints on the dust-coated marble floor.

UMP9: Did we...leave these?

416: Look at the size of these two rows of footprints. We couldn't have made them unless we had two Annas around.

416: Also, there's a mess of jumbled-together footprints here. Did the local wild dogs get inside?

Gr G11: What if there's something following us...

Anna: Don't be stupid!

UMP45: Well, if we want to find out what it is, we'll just have to catch up to it.

UMP45's gaze follows the footprints to the other end of the foyer.

UMP45: Let's go. There's no intel in the foyer.

416: This is all too easy, aren't you worried that it's a trap?

UMP45: Of course it's a trap, and that's why it's worth investigating.

UMP45: More importantly, the ones who left these footprints might be old friends of ours.

UMP9: Huh? Could it be...

Tap tap tap—

A set of hurried footsteps echoes through the empty foyer.

Gr G11: Who...who's there?!

Anna: (Shrieks)

416: Quiet!

416: Who is it? Come out right now!

UMP45: They won't show themselves just because you holler at them.

UMP45: Since the opposition has extended a sincere invitation to us, it would be rude of us not to show up.

UMP45: 416, keep an eye on our two deadweights.

UMP45: 9, follow behind 416 and cover her.

UMP9: Okie!

416: You're talking to me like I was some kind of nanny Doll...

Squad 404 cautiously advances to where the sound of the footsteps vanished, and they see a beat-up radio around the corner.

UMP45: The footprints stop here. Are there no other paths?

UMP45: Looks like they escaped to another floor via the elevator.

UMP9: But there are so many floors, which one did they go to...?

416: According to the floor indicator next to the elevator, everything from the second floor up is the office area, Basements 1 and 2 are parking spaces...

416: Basement 3 isn't labelled, but it has a button of its own.

UMP45: Basement 3 looks very suspicious.

Gr G11: That's super ominous...

416: Anna, why are you spacing out?

Anna: I...I feel like I've been here before...

Anna: But I can't recall anything...

UMP45: Looks like we're in the right place, then. Let's go check out Basement 3.

416: It needs an ID card.

UMP45: Tsk. Hold on tight.

416: What? Oh no, not this again...

UMP9: Wahoo! I haven't felt this in a while!

Anna: What are you going to do?

Gr G11: Don't ask! Just hold on tight to 416!

Creakcreakcreak—

The old door slowly grinds shut, then the elevator plunges down like it's out of control...

Anna: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!

416: You're gonna break my legs at this rate!

416: UMP45! I forbid you to use this trick again!

In the blink of an eye, the elevator comes to a stop on the Basement 3 level.

As the elevator door opens, a pitch-dark abandoned warehouse comes into view.

UMP9: Is this...an underground warehouse?

UMP9: This is the first time I've seen a major corporation put a warehouse under their HQ.

UMP45: Given the scale of this company, something of this size wouldn't be big enough to hold their drugs.

UMP9: So you're saying...what they stored here were...

416: Things they couldn't make public.

Gr G11: In TV shows, people who know too much get silenced...

Anna: ...

Judging by the scrape marks on the ground, it would seem a lot of cargo has passed through this place. Now, however, all that's left are the remains of empty crates.

Squad 404 spreads out to investigate, seeking to piece the truth together from the fragments.

UMP9: It's just a mess of empty crates...

416: The shipping manifests have been shredded, and what's left has been scribbled all over.

416: All we can do is bring them home and see if we can make sense of them.

UMP9: Why were they using wooden crates?

UMP9: If they were only shipping medicines, wouldn't cardboard be enough?

UMP45: You raise an excellent point.

Anna: ...

Anna silently walks up to a crate and gently runs her fingers over the lid which now lies on the ground.

416: What did you find, Anna?

UMP45: ...

The insides of the box and its lid are covered in terrifying scratch marks. Each of them is dark brown, etched with pain and despair.

UMP9: This is...

416: ...

Anna: I...remember now...

Anna: I've been here before... I was stored here for some time...

Anna: But I don't remember where I came from...

Anna: I only remember spending a long time in the darkness, nauseous and suffocating. I was dizzy and bored out of my mind. Then my world finally lit up again...

UMP9: What...? So these boxes...

UMP45: ...

416: ...

...Inside the camera room.

Dreamer studies the monitor showing the warehouse thoughtfully.

Dreamer: She already knows this much despite being an unmodified juvenile?

Dreamer: I've been studying this for so many days without making much headway. To think I'd have a breakthrough right here.

Dreamer: I'm even beginning to like Griffin a little now.

Destroyer: What are we investigating?

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: You won't remember it in a couple of hours anyway, so why should I tell you?

Destroyer: C'mon, tell me! I know my memory has been deteriorating very quickly...

Destroyer: But...tellmetellmetellmetellme...

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: Our boss Elisa fired all of Sangvis Ferri, so now we need to find a new boss.

Dreamer: Griffin's so poor they can't even feed themselves, and the Military's pretty much on the verge of collapse.

Dreamer: That leaves Paradeus, who we don't understand at all. So we're going to do our homework and verify their strength.

Destroyer: But I don't like Paradeus' uniforms...

Dreamer: Do you really think you're in any position to be picky?

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: Then what should we do now?

Dreamer: We snatch that useful girl, of course.

Dreamer: Can't you even remember that after salvaging parts for so many days?

Destroyer: What do you mean by salvaging parts?

Destroyer: But those four are there too...

Dreamer: ...You forgot again?

Dreamer: What are you afraid of? Our objective is just to grab that juvenile Nyto. We don't have to fight the others.

Destroyer: So you mean...

After consoling Anna, 416's eye is drawn to a gray-colored object lying in the crate.

416: Gr G11! How can you even fall asleep inside that crate at a time like this?!

416: Get out of that at once!

Gr G11: (Whimpers) Don't pinch my face...

UMP9: Wait a minute, what's that under you, Gr G11?

Gr G11: No wonder it felt so uncomfy...

UMP9: These are... Doll parts?

UMP9: They don't look like Griffin-model parts...

UMP45: As I thought...

Snap—

The lights in the warehouse go out all of a sudden.

Many pairs of crimson eyes glow in the darkness.
Part 3

3

UMP45: All hostile Sangvis units destroyed.

Gr G11: What the hell was that...?

UMP9: What's S.F. doing here?

416: Wait a minute, did any of you see Anna?

UMP9: ...Anna?

Anna: Ahhhhh—

Anna: Mfff...

416: Anna!

Tap tap tap—

A series of footsteps vanishes near the elevator.

UMP9: Anna's gone!

416: Dammit! Did the bastard who ran off grab her?

416: After her!

UMP45: ...

UMP45: The elevator has been destroyed.

416: We totally fell for it!

416: Is this what you mean by "a sincere invitation"?!

416: May I sincerely invite you to go and die?

UMP45: Certainly, but then nobody will be able to help you get your luggage back.

416: You know where Anna went?

UMP45: I don't, but that shorty does.

UMP9: What shorty?

The warehouse lights suddenly come on, and a petite Doll stands tall upon a pile of empty crates.

Destroyer: Good evening, ladies of Squad 404!

Destroyer: Huh? What was I going to say next...?

UMP9: Wait a minute, that's Destroyer!

UMP9: What's S.F. doing in a place like this...?

Gr G11: Did we fall into S.F.'s trap...

416: Hey! Where did you take Anna?

Destroyer: Anna who?

Destroyer: Paradeus gave you such a beating, so why have you guys adopted one of their whelps?!

Destroyer: You'd be better off giving up your parts so I can fix myself...

416: Forget it, being an idiot is a defect of the neural cloud. You can't fix it by switching out parts.

Destroyer: You...you...

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: Wait a minute, what am I doing here?

Destroyer: ...What's this on my hand?

Destroyer: "Descend into the warehouse via zipline and delay 404 until we finish the encirclement. —Dreamer."

Destroyer: I remember now! Now then, goodbye, everyone.

Destroyer: Or should I say, so long.

UMP45: Your tactics have become far too sloppy without your Mastermind.

Destroyer: How dare you mention that traitor's name!

Several ziplines draw Destroyer into the upper levels through the ceiling.

416: Hold it! Where did you take Anna?!

Bangbangbang—

416 rushes at Destroyer while opening fire.

Destroyer: Humph, you can forget about catching up to me.

UMP45: 416! Hit the deck!

416: What?!

UMP45 runs after 416 and knocks her down.

Boom—

Following the explosion, the holes in the ceiling are blocked up.

UMP9: 45! 416! Are you two alright?

UMP45: I'm fine.

416: Dammit! We let that midget get away!

UMP45: At least we know what S.F. is after and their approximate location.

UMP45: Also, I noticed an interesting place...

Rustle, rustle...

416: What was that?

UMP9: It sounds really familiar...

Gr G11: W-What is that?!

UMP45: Our old friends, of course.

A massive swarm of Dinergates pour out from every corner of the warehouse.

UMP45: Prepare for battle.

UMP45: Cherish this chance to fight S.F. This is probably the last of their strength.
Part 4

4

Z-W Pharma's third-floor office area.

Destroyer is drawn up to the surface by the ziplines.

Her eyes look past the ruined furniture, searching for that familiar figure.

Destroyer: Dreamer! I'm back!

Destroyer: Quick, charge me up! I'm seeing stars again!

...Destroyer's words echo through the empty office.

Destroyer: Dreamer? I'm back!

...The feeling of desolation spreads from the torn-up floorboards up Destroyer's paralyzed body.

Destroyer: ...Hey! Dreamer!

Destroyer: D...Don't leave me...

Destroyer: I can't move! Help charge me up!

...A wave of uneasiness washes over her.

Destroyer: (Sobs) Did you get tired of me dragging you down?!

Destroyer: Do you not want to keep repairing me—

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: I was just wondering whose dog was whining so sadly. Kinda knew it would be you.

Destroyer: W-Where did you go?!

Destroyer: Quick, help me charge up!

Dreamer drags the immobilized Destroyer up to the power outlet and hooks her up to it.

After charging up, Destroyer can finally move her body again.

Dreamer: Alright, you wait here. I'm going to chat with that Nyto.

Destroyer: ...What Nyto?

Dreamer: ...

Anna: Lemme go! Lemme go! You two midgets!

Anna: When Big Sis 416 catches up to you, she'll stomp you flat with one foot!

Destroyer: ...

Dreamer: ...

They stuff a wad of waste paper into Anna's mouth.

Anna: Mfffff...

Anna: 416! 45! 9! Gr G...oh, forget her! Save me!

Meanwhile...

In the Basement Three warehouse of Z-W Pharma.

416: Won't those two shrimps be gone by the time we clear a path out of this heap?!

UMP9: But if we don't clear it, we'll be stuck here.

Gr G11: It's so dark...and I'm sleepy from digging...

416: UMP45!

416: Hurry up and think of something!

UMP45: There's a solution, but you forbade it just now.

416: ...

UMP9: Isn't the elevator broken?

UMP9: It's not just the buttons or whatever, the only thing left of the car is the roof!

UMP45: That's enough for me.

The three of them shudder at the sight of UMP45's grin.

Destroyer: My battery life is getting shorter and shorter... Now I'm seeing stars within five minutes!

Destroyer: If I don't get fixed, I'm going to end up as a wired Doll!

Dreamer: Well, it'll take a while to get used to wearing the collar.

Dreamer: Also, you've said that 17 times in the past 5 minutes.

Destroyer: ...Maybe you miscounted?

Dreamer: I'm not going to waste words on you. I need to get the info I need from that brat ASAP.

Anna: Mffffff!

Dreamer: Listen up, kid. I'm a very impatient person.

Dreamer: I'm going to ask a question, and you're going to give me a proper answer.

Dreamer: If you say something I don't want to hear, you might end up losing a body part...

Dreamer: And it'll go on until you can't speak...

Dreamer: So nod if you understand.

Anna nods tearily.

Dreamer removes the wad of paper from her mouth.

Dreamer: Good, no—

Anna: HELP ME! BIG SIS 45! BIG SIS 416! I'M HERE!!!

The paper goes back into Anna's mouth right away.

Dreamer: What an impudent little brat you are. Looks like you won't give me an honest answer if I don't use some tricks on you.

Dreamer: I wonder if the sedatives left by this company still work? I hope there's some scopolamine in there...

Dreamer rummages through the company's drug samples.

Anna's eyes grow wide as she sees the chemicals.

Destroyer: Hey, she's got a weird look on her face...

Dreamer: Is this drug really so potent on a Nyto?

Dreamer: She quieted down the moment she saw the packaging.

Destroyer: What do you mean she quieted down?

Destroyer: Can't you see she's twitching?!

Dreamer: Don't worry, I'm the best at dealing with twitchers or whatnot.

Destroyer: When did you pick up such weird skills?

Dreamer: I guess it started when I picked up a little pooch on a rainy day.

Dreamer takes out the wad of paper in Anna's mouth.

Anna mumbles to herself as she spasms violently.

Destroyer: What's she saying?

Dreamer: I hate dog, I hate dog, I hate dog, or some variation thereof.

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer leans forward and listens intently.

Anna: So dark... It's so dark...

Anna: I can't see anything...

Destroyer: Aren't the lights on?

Anna: I'm scared... Big Sis, I'm scared...

Anna: Where are they taking us...?

Destroyer: ...

Anna: It's so stuffy... I can't breathe...

Anna: I don't want to take that medicine anymore! I don't want to take the medicine!

Anna: I want to get out... Let me out!

Destroyer: Quit grabbing me!

Anna's hands reach straight out ahead of her and she flails around wildly.

Destroyer: What's the matter with her?!

Destroyer: Quick, do something to make her stop!

Dreamer: It's one thing to take care of a stupid Doll, but why do I have to take care of a stupid human too?!

Destroyer: ...

Dreamer forces Anna's arms down, and lifts her head up...

Dreamer: Now then, according to the "Human Pediatrics First Aid Encyclopedia", we should commence CPR.

Bang—

The locked door is violently busted open!

416: Die, Sangvis scum!

UMP9: Hand Anna over!

Their shouts echo through the empty office.

UMP9: They aren't here!

416: Dammit! On to the next floor!

UMP45: Wait a minute.

416: Whatever for?!

UMP45: I just hacked the control systems for this building. The third floor is consuming an unusually high amount of power.

UMP45: Coincidentally, the third floor is also where the server signal is the strongest.

UMP9: So that's their lair?

UMP45: Let's hurry, the power usage data just updated.

Z-W Pharma's third-floor office area.

Destroyer: What the hell was that?!

Dreamer calmly wipes the vomit off her face.

Dreamer: Humans truly are annoying, doesn't matter the age...

Destroyer: Are you alright?

Dreamer: This looks as dangerous as a dirty bomb, but it's actually nothing more than a harmless, albeit mildly acidic, semi-fluid. Still, it smells so disgusting I want to twist her head off.

Bang—

The locked door is violently busted open!

416: Die, Sangvis scum!

UMP9: Hand Anna over!

UMP45: 416, go get Anna. 9 and Gr G11, lay down suppressive fire to keep Dreamer at bay. I'll take care of Destroyer.

Dreamer: Oh my, they arrived earlier than I expected.

Destroyer: What should we do?!

Dreamer activates all the remaining S.F. forces.

Dreamer: Since there's no avoiding this, we should just enjoy it. ♪
Part 5

5

Z-W Pharma's third-floor office area.

After an intense battle, the floor is littered with S.F. remains.

Destroyer: Dreamer, we're the only ones left!

Dreamer: I have eyes, you know. I don't need you to tell me.

Destroyer: But what will we do now? What's your next plan?

Dreamer: Oh, my next plan?

Dreamer: How about getting on our knees and begging for mercy?

Destroyer: How can you make such lame jokes at a time like this!

Dreamer: A lame joke, huh...

Destroyer: I thought you could do everything!

Destroyer: You've always been able to come up with the perfect plan!

Destroyer: Why not now?

Dreamer: ...

Destroyer: You've been like this ever since Elisa left...

Destroyer: I don't even know why you've been dragging your feet when it comes to fixing me either; there's been no progress and all...

Destroyer: In the past, you were always able to finish things up quickly, whether it was modding me or rebuilding my body!

Destroyer: Are you even doing your best to help me? Even I can't bear to see how pathetic you've become now!

Dreamer: Oh my, I guess even a pupper has the audacity to bark at me. I must have hit rock bottom.

Destroyer: Y-You're just sad! I hate the way you are now!

Destroyer: Dammit, when did my power cable get cut?

Destroyer: I'm starting to see stars again...

UMP9: Infighting, is it...

UMP9: 45, what should we do?

UMP45: I'm contacting the Com—

416: You don't have any more S.F. minions to take bullets for you. Time for you to die!

After ensuring that Anna is safe, 416 raises her gun and takes aim at Dreamer.

Dreamer: I didn't expect things to end so soon.

Dreamer closes her eyes.

Bang—

Destroyer: You're not allowed...to die first...

Dreamer's eyes snap open.

The Doll that's standing in front of her has crashed once again.

Perhaps she's imagining things, but Dreamer feels an ache in her little finger.

Several days ago.

Destroyer: How many days has it been? Why haven't you fixed me yet?

Destroyer: I'm tired of being leashed to a power outlet!

Dreamer: If you're tired of living like this, you can always choose the other option.

Destroyer: Humph, no matter which option I choose, all I need to do is die before you.

Dreamer: ...I didn't know you had such a strong competitive streak.

Destroyer: Besides, you can live on just fine without me.

Destroyer: But if I were alone, I wouldn't know where to go or how to survive.

Dreamer: How unusual. Turns out idiots can be pretty self-aware too.

Destroyer: Therefore, I've decided..

Destroyer yanks a few strands of her hair free and messily ties them around Dreamer's little finger.

Destroyer: This is what humans do to signify a promise!

Destroyer: It's a deal, you can't die before me.

Dreamer glares at the long strand of white hair cinching her little finger. Her pocket holds nine other strands of hair that are now a messy ball.

Dreamer knows that Destroyer doesn't remember this is the tenth time she's made this promise today.

Dreamer: ...You do realize...

Destroyer: What?

Dreamer: Our hair isn't like human hair. It doesn't grow back by itself.

Destroyer: ...

Destroyer: Huh?!

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: You kept yammering about how pathetic I was, but when the time came, you rushed up to take a bullet for me.

Dreamer: You really are...a loyal little pup.

Dreamer sneers and tosses aside her weapon, which has long since run out of ammo.

UMP45: Stop, 416. The Commander has something else in mind.

416: Why does she always have someone ready to die for her?!

UMP45: I applaud you for holding out this long.

Dreamer: Is wasting time on spouting nonsense in battle a Griffin specialty?

UMP45: Destroyer has crashed, so you can drop the act and stop pretending you've got things under control.

Dreamer: I didn't know I needed to put on a show in front of an idiot like that.

UMP45: Destroyer had suffered extensive damage at the Paldiski Submarine Base, hadn't she?

UMP45: It wasn't just her body. Even her neural cloud was affected.

UMP45: You've been stripping out your own parts just to keep her running.

UMP45: You're much slower than you used to be according to our combat logs.

Dreamer: ...

UMP45: I thought that was as far as you'd go for her.

UMP45: But when I got close to Destroyer, I spotted your name on her power-link data cable.

UMP45: Don't tell me you've even given her your battery?

Dreamer: Having the same voice whine and nag into my ear all day log is a nuisance.

Dreamer: If I could shut her up just by changing out my battery, of course I'd jump at the chance.

UMP45: But changing the battery didn't solve the issue. The fact is...Destroyer's problems were so complex that they're beyond your ability to fix.

UMP45: The only chance to properly repair her would be to return her to the factory.

Dreamer: Well, the bugs in an idiot's head aren't exactly fixable using conventional methods.

UMP45: Yet you kept all this from Destroyer.

Dreamer: Her mental capacity was so pitifully limited. Giving her all that information would have made her brains explode.

416: You really are a foolish pair of sisters.

UMP45: You're out of moves, or should I say you've long since been out of them.

UMP45: But you kept pretending to be totally on top of things, all just to maintain the illusion for Destroyer?

Dreamer: Well, I AM called Dreamer, after all.

Dreamer: You know how human entrepreneurs work. They paint a lovely pie-in-the-sky picture so that their minions would take hits for them.

UMP45: So, how long of an expiry date does your pie have?

Dreamer: Why are you acting like a success counselor ready to dispense guidance?

UMP45: Because I actually do have a pretty good proposal for you.

UMP45 turns her communicator's screen to face Dreamer.

Commander: It's been a while, Dreamer.

Dreamer: So you're still alive, Griffin Commander.

Commander: ...Alive, and living well.

Commander: Griffin's already started rebuilding. We've got a big base and we can take in a lot of Dolls.

Commander: The dorms are nice; the meal portions are big; we get annual leave every year...

Dreamer: Please get to the point. After all, a Doll's final moments are precious.

Commander: ...

Commander: What I'm saying is that just because we used to be enemies doesn't mean we always have to be enemies.

Commander: Sangvis Ferri is now in shambles. Elisa's gone, you've taken a major beating, and your forces are scattered all over the place.

Commander: Although Griffin has also barely escaped a lethal blow, I believe that everything will get better under my leadership.

Commander: But that is nowhere near enough. The enemies we'll have to face are very powerful, and we need to recruit greater strength, such as you.

Dreamer: Well, isn't that touching.

Commander: Therefore, I would like to bring Sangvis Ferri into Griffin's fold.

Commander: I hope you will continue to grow and develop in the Griffin base, and seek revenge on our mutual enemies.

Commander: Of course, Griffin will provide you with the things you need, such as a stable environment, repair bays, training facilities...

Dreamer: So to sum up your long-winded spiel, we're still going be enslaved and put to work; it will just be under a new slave driver.

Dreamer: Well, I'm honestly exhausted. All I want is to be left in peace, so that I can live out the rest of my days as a pathetic piece of junk, until all my parts finally give out.

Commander: Then what about Destroyer?

Dreamer: She's my pup. I'll take care of her until the end. She isn't your problem.

416: So, can we shoot them now?

Commander: Hold on.

Commander: 45, let them go.

Dreamer: Griffin Commander, aren't you afraid this will turn into a reenactment of "The Farmer and the Viper"?

Commander: It could just as well be "Crane's Return of a Favor".

Commander: Well, whether you're a viper or a crane, my offer still stands.

The transmission ends.

416: What the hell is wrong with the Commander?!

UMP9: 416, wanna pinch Anna's cheeks to cool off?

416: Gr G11's cheeks do the job better...

Gr G11: ...Hm?

UMP45: Well, you heard the Commander. Shouldn't you scamper off while you have the chance?

Dreamer: ...

Dreamer: Every one of you in Griffin is weirder than the last.

Dreamer scoops up a stiff Destroyer and prepares to leave.

Dreamer: Oh yes, your new pet seems to like this medicine very much.

UMP45 catches the object Dreamer throws at her.

When she looks up again, Dreamer is gone.

UMP45: Well, wasn't that a stylish exit. She didn't even transfer the server data.

UMP9: Doesn't that mean we get to take it?

UMP9: Unfortunately, all the data files were wiped a long time ago. All that's left are a few Sangvis maintenance logs. I wonder how much we can recover once we bring it back.

UMP45: At the very least, we can turn something in.

UMP45: Stop gawking, 416. They're not coming back.

416: ...

416: Are they really going to throw in with Griffin?

UMP45: Who knows? The next time you see them, they might be on a Svarog Heavy Industries capture list.

UMP45 grins and reveals a Svarog HI target designator in her hand.
Part 6

    6chevron_right

Anna: What is this place...?

???: Anna...

Anna: Who's calling me?

???: It's me, Uncle Powell.

???: You're heading out today. Don't you remember?

Anna: Heading out?

Uncle Powell: Yes, heading out to your new home.

Uncle Powell: See, your mother and father from your new family have come to pick you up.

Uncle Powell: Come, be good and take your medicine, then you can leave this place and go to your new home.

Anna: I don't want to leave this place! I want to be with everyone!

Uncle Powell: Don't cry, Anna. Everyone will be going with you.

Anna looks back and sees countless wooden crates behind her, all sized to fit a child.

While she knows that the children lying in these crates are just sleeping, she can't shake the thought that the crates are their coffins.

Anna: No! I don't want to!

Pills are stuffed into Anna's mouth, and the tip of her tongue is numbed by the bitterness.

Uncle Powell: Shhh... Remember the story I told you?

Uncle Powell: Each child is a seed of infinite potential.

Uncle Powell: Some seeds blossom into beautiful flowers right after being planted. Others need to go through a long period of growing before they can bloom.

Uncle Powell: But what I forgot to tell you is that some seeds are destined to grow in the darkness forever...

Uncle Powell: For ever and ever, until they rot in the dirt...

Anna: No, no...

Z-W Pharma's third-floor office area.

416: Anna, Anna!

416: You're finally awake.

Anna: 416...

UMP9: Are you alright? Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?

Anna: I'm fine...

Gr G11: We're both sleeping, but why is it that when Anna wakes up, everyone falls over themselves to see if she's okay, but when I do, I get beaten up instead...

UMP45: Anna's still a child, after all, and you're an experienced wageslave.

UMP45: Also, I haven't docked your pay for sleeping on the job yet.

Gr G11: Ugh...

Anna: 45, I remembered something important...

At the Griffin temporary base.

Commander: ...In other words, most of the Nyto test subjects in the underground labs within the Paldiski Submarine Base came from orphanages.

Commander: William was working with them; the orphanages would routinely send their children to William for use in experiments.

Commander: And this Powell is an intermediary between William and the orphanages.

UMP45: Correct. We'll just have to wait for Ange to follow up on the lead.

Commander: It was truly a masterful move.

Commander: Nobody would care about the kids abandoned in the orphanages, who would be completely defenseless, ripe for the picking.

Commander: Moreover, orphanages everywhere have always suffered from overcrowding, so nobody would notice a few missing kids...

UMP45: To put it more ruthlessly, it would be a surefire moneymaker.

Commander: ...

Commander: And I suppose this drug plant also played a supporting role in all of this?

Commander: In order to improve the survival rate of the children he was transporting, William directed Zeratul-Worcester Pharmaceuticals to produce a forbidden drug.

Commander: This drug would slow the children's breathing and keep them asleep in their crates.

Commander: It wouldn't beat a proper inspection, but it would be more than enough to help them slip past minor checkpoints.

UMP45: In my experience, it's pretty easy to buy off the inspectors at those checkpoints.

Commander: If they knew what was in those crates...would they be able to sleep at night?

UMP45: Commander, not all humans have hearts.

UMP45: I believe you would know that better than myself.

Commander: ...

Commander: I've sent the drugs you brought back to the labs for chemical analysis.

Commander: According to Anna's testimony, those drugs have obvious flaws. Some of the kids would wake up mid-transit and start scrabbling and hyperventilating wildly when they find themselves locked inside a crate, which only has a limited supply of oxygen...

Commander: While others would take the drugs and never wake up...

UMP45: ...

Commander: There's no telling if the children who died early in the crates were luckier than those who survived the ravaging experiments...

Commander: I'm sorry for sending you to such a place of bloody evil.

UMP45: The place was cleaned up very well.

UMP45: But for the people involved, no amount of cleaning would get rid of the blood, filth and sin on their hands.

Commander: ...

UMP45: That's it for my report.

UMP45: Now I shall get back to the Griffin reconstruction mission.

Commander: Alright. Thank you.

UMP45 leaves the office.

The Commander turns to look at Anna, who's playing outside the window.

There's no hint of gloominess on her innocent, childish smile.

Commander: That's the kind of smile a child should have.

On a stormy night, someone is rummaging frantically through the room.

???: Dammit, why now?!

A flash of lightning snakes across the night sky, lighting up the interior of the room and revealing a lifeless face reflected on the window.

In the brief second of illumination, something seems to have caught the man's eyes. He steps over messy stacks of documents to reach it.

???: I can't believe you'd betray us, but I won't let you get away with it!

It thunders just as the clock on the wall strikes the hour and starts chiming.

...

Screeeeech!

The car screeches to a sudden halt, interrupting Ange's thoughts.

Chauffeur: Dammit! A stray dog darted across the road out of nowhere.

Morridow: Pfft, good thing it was just a dog.

Angelia: Hm?

Morridow turns to address Ange.

Morridow: Don't be alarmed. Some homeless guy dashed onto the road and robbed a car in this area not long ago, that's why Herr Chauffeur is so on edge.

Angelia: Homeless guy...?

Morridow: A number of refugees refused to enter the allocated refugee settlement and have been hanging around sparsely populated rural areas instead.

Morridow: There have already been quite a few burglaries and even murders. These people have no respect for the local law whatsoever.

Morridow: Ever since the incidents with the homeless refugees ganging up to rob passing cars, everyone has to be extra careful when driving out of the city.

Angelia: The orphanage is at such a remote location. Isn't that dangerous?

Morridow: We have security measures in place at the orphanage. The security staff is authorized to carry firearms.

Morridow: But it's true that things haven't been too peaceful around here. Apparently, there's been a few thefts.

Angelia: I have a bad feeling about this. How long will it take us to get there?

Morridow: We're still about a 30-minute drive away from Berle Orphanage.

Angelia: We'll be an hour late by the time we arrive.

Angelia: It's rude enough that we're visiting at 8pm.

Morridow: Can't be helped... It's raining like crazy...

Morridow: Who knew there would be a traffic accident and we would be stuck in a jam for so long?

Morridow: Besides, you only asked me to organize this meeting in the afternoon.

Angelia: That's because I only found out about certain matters this afternoon.

Morridow: Oh dear...

Morridow: Well, things being the way they are, if you think it's too late, I can call and postpone the meeting.

Angelia: No, we can't afford to waste any more time.

Angelia: It's been a whole week since we've captured Leone at the Flora Institute, but she hasn't really divulged anything.

Angelia: K told me that she seems to be associated with a local terrorist group called the GIP.

Morridow: Oh... The German Independence Party.

Morridow: That's a far-right organization with quite a lot of influence. It was outlawed several years ago as they've grown increasingly violent.

Morridow: The party's nominal manifesto is to push for economic and political reforms, prioritizing the livelihood of residents in the Green and White Zones. However, they're against the current asylum and migration policies and want nothing to do with governing the contamination zone. Basically, they're a bunch of racists.

Morridow: Ever since the refugee camps were set up in Bremen, murders targeting refugees have skyrocketed. All evidence uncovered by the police points toward this organization.

Angelia: Why would Leone be associated with the GIP?

Morridow: The GIP has always had some odd capital flow. The Flora Institute might be one of their money laundering channels.

Morridow: Even though the party has been outlawed, they still seem to have a lot of support from different organizations. Many citizens also aid them in secret.

Angelia: Well, I certainly wasn't expecting this...

Angelia: How unsettling.

Angelia: This GIP isn't directly related to our current investigation.

Angelia: If we're to go down this route, our only lead is the call logs on her phone.

Morridow: So you screened all the individuals who've had dealings with her?

Morridow: But of all her callers, why the director of the Berle Orphanage?

Angelia: I received a tip-off.

Morridow: And it tells you the orphanage smells fishy?

Morridow: That's why you think the housemother may be one of Leone's collaborators?

Morridow: That sounds a bit far-fetched... A cultist who studies plants and an orphanage director who takes care of kids...

Morridow: I just don't see a connection.

Angelia: That's why it's so suspicious.

Angelia: I hope the housemother will satisfy our curiosity.

Morridow: You're right, we'll find out when we meet her!

Morridow: Frau Isabelle is a very venerable figure in the neighborhood. I'm sure she can give us a lot of information.

Morridow: I have a feeling that this will be our breakthrough!

Angelia: I just hope you're not mistaken.

Morridow: Oh, we're here. Ten past nine, not too bad.

Angelia: We're ten minutes later than your ETA...

As the car drives through the main gates, they see a few dozens of children standing in two lines. Led by a graceful woman with silver hair, they start waving at the car.

???: Ready, children...

Children: Nos rêves si solitaires qui nous protègent contre toutes les peurs...

Children: Nos rêves si sincères qui nous éveillent nous donnant des ailes... ♪

Ange gets out of the car and follows Morridow toward the entourage. Among the group of mostly blond children, a few dark-haired ones stand out and draw her eyes.

Children: On n'oublie jamais le sourire des sœurs... ♪

Children: Des mots gravant à jamais sur la pierre... ♪

Children: L'espoir d'une vie retrouvée. ♪

Children: La...la...la...la... ♪

The silver-haired woman gestures with her hand and the children's singing comes to a stop.

Morridow: That was wonderful! Thank you, Frau Krone, for treating us to such sweet music.

Morridow: We apologize for keeping you waiting for so long. There was an accident on the road, please do forgive us.

Krone: There is nothing to forgive, Frau Morridow!

Krone: It is our greatest honor that PECMAR representatives deem our humble orphanage worth a visit.

Krone: These children really do desperately need the Convention's aid. We haven't been waiting for long; it was no trouble at all.

Morridow: Thank you for being so understanding, Frau Krone.

Morridow: Hello, children. We are representatives of the Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction, here on behalf of Chairwoman Ulrich. I am Morridow, her personal secretary, and this is Frau Angelia.

Morridow: The chairwoman has sent us to hear you out. Feel free to tell us whatever you need and how we may help you.

The children seem to be exhausted. They stare at Morridow blankly.

Krone immediately jumps in.

Krone: Hahaha, these children still have much to learn about manners, please don't take this personally.

Krone: It must have been a rough journey. The housemother is still waiting for you. Frau Morridow, Frau Angelia, this way please.

Krone turns abruptly. Her smile vanishes and her face grows stern.

Krone: Neele, Karin, lead the rest of the children back to the classroom.

Krone: Hands behind your back, start walking! Lillian, stop crying!

Lillian: (Sobs) I want Housemother...

Children: Tsk, Lillian is crying again.

Children: She's always whining for Housemother. Such a crybaby...

The girl called Lillian is very small. Being told off by the teacher only makes her cry harder. The other children start whispering to each other restlessly.

Krone: Silence! Lillian, don't make a fuss in front of our guests. Come here, I'll take you to Housemother.

Krone: Sorry for that. Lillian is still very young. The housemother says that she requires special attention.

Morridow: Oh, no worries. We understand that young toddlers do require extra care.

Krone: Thank you for your understanding.

Krone: Adam? Adam, are you there?

Adam: Frau Krone, what can I do for you?

Krone: Go and patrol the grounds with André.

Adam: But I'm just a temp, not a security guard.

Krone: With the representatives here, we must be on our guard!

Krone: What if more vagrants come stealing from us again?

André: Let's go, Adam. Stop complaining.

Adam: Argh... Why am I always doing things I didn't sign up for?

Angelia: Is that really necessary?

Angelia: We have a few bodyguards with us. They can watch the gates.

Krone: I'm really sorry, Frau Angelia.

Krone: Refugees have been breaking into our property to steal from our food stores for the last couple of days...

Krone: Nothing serious have happened, but it would be terrible if any of the children got hurt.

Krone: Not to mention we have such esteemed guests today...

Angelia: You're right, for the sake of the children, we must take this security issue seriously.

Angelia: Hopps, take your men to secure the front gates and entrance.

Hopps: Yes, ma'am.

Angelia: Lucia, Renate, you two come with me.

Angelia: Antje and Erwin, accompany the staff on their patrol and identify potential risks.

AN-94: Understood.

AK-15: Understood.

Adam: P...Patrol?

Adam: Two women?

Adam: Don't get me wrong, but these refugee syndicates are nothing to sneeze at.

Adam: If they come across female targets, they'll do a lot worse than mugging them.

Angelia: Don't worry, my subordinates have all undergone rigorous training.

Angelia: They can easily handle ten of you.

Angelia: No vagrant will dare enter this orphanage with them here.

Krone: Since Frau Angelia is so confident, you don't have to worry too much.

Adam: A...Alright...

Morridow: The staff doesn't seem to have realized that they're Dolls?

Angelia: I made sure their disguise is on point for this operation. Most people won't be able to tell the difference.

Angelia: Our job is to investigate. They'll have to communicate with a lot of civilians.

Angelia: It's wise not to advertise their true identity.

Morridow: You...you have a point.

Krone: Then please follow me.

Angelia: We're right behind you.

...

Krone: It's a bit dark in here. Watch your steps.

Krone: The housemother has been looking forward to your arrival. She was already telling me that the future of Berle Orphanage rests entirely on you.

Morridow: Right, Chairwoman Ulrich sent us to see what there is that we can do.

Morridow: The housemother's tireless effort in keeping the orphanage running so that these poor children have a roof above their heads is truly commendable, especially under current circumstances.

Krone: I'm sure she will be extremely heartened by your generous praise. This way, please.

Morridow and Krone keep up the small talk until the company reaches the door to the housemother's office.

The door is slightly ajar. Krone knocks on it lightly, but there is no reply. Lillian's tiny hand suddenly clutches tightly at the teacher's skirts.

Krone: Housemother, are you there? The representatives are here.

The teacher pushes the door open, only to reveal a dreadful scene.

Krone: Housemother??

A middle-aged woman is sprawled on the floor. Her puffy bluish face indicates that she has been dead for quite some time.

Morridow: Aaaaaah!

Angelia: Get out of the room, all of you!

Angelia: Lucia, examine the body.

Angelia: Renate, check the office.

Angelia: Collect visual records for everything.

AK-12 & RPK-16: Roger.

AK-12: Cause of death appears to be asphyxiation. Time of death is at around 6 this evening.

RPK-16: There is clear evidence of physical struggle. The drawers and cabinets have been rummaged.

RPK-16: All valuables have gone missing. On the surface, it looks like a robbery and murder.

Angelia: On the surface, huh...

Angelia: Ms. Krone, are there any surveillance cameras or security system in here?

Krone: Uh... N-No...

Krone: Due to the lack of funds... We can't afford such equipment...

Angelia: I understand.

Angelia: Morridow, call the police. Make sure you ask them when they will arrive.

Morridow: Um...

Angelia: Do it now!

Morridow: R-Right!

Once everyone has their orders, Ange starts inspecting the room herself. Documents are scattered everywhere, covering the floor like a layer of snow.

A breeze blows in through the slightly open window and sends a few sheets fluttering on the desk.

She studies the corpse on the floor and frowns.

Angelia: A robbery and murder...?

Angelia: The timing seems too much of a coincidence.

...

Krone: Frau Angelia, the...the housemother...

Angelia: She's not breathing.

Krone: Oh god...

Krone: How did this happen...?

Just then, Hopps, having heard Morridow's startled scream, comes charging in from the hallway.

Hopps: What's going on? Morridow told me the housemother was murdered in her office. Has there been a robbery?

Angelia: We can't tell for certain... But judging by the preliminary assessment of the crime scene, that does seem to be the case.

Angelia: I need your help. Seal the orphanage and don't let anyone in or out.

Hopps: I'm on it.

Krone: A robbery...?

Krone: Why would anyone do such a thing to the housemother?!

Krone: We've been devoting all our effort in doing good! What have we done to deserve this?!

Krone: Could it be the thieving refugees?

Krone: We didn't pursue the matter any further, but they still killed the housemother in cold blood!

Hopps: The refugees don't care what kind of charity you've done. To them, all locals are fair game.

Angelia: Antje, are you still outside?

AN-94: Yes.

Angelia: Check the surroundings. If someone had broken into the orphanage, they must've left traces.

AN-94: Understood. Erwin and I will start looking for clues.

Lillian: Noooo! No way! Not Housemother! This can't be real!

Lillian, having slipped into the office, clings to her stuffed toy in a death grip.

Krone: Lillian, what are you doing in here?! Get out. Housemother wouldn't want you to see this.

Lillian: This can't be real!

Krone: Go back to the others. Don't make a scene.

Lillian: (Wails) I...I'm not!

Lillian drops her stuffed toy as Krone forcefully drags her out of the room.

Ange walks toward to it and picks it up.

It looks raggedy and almost silly, but as she holds it in her hand, she has a feeling that there's more to this doll.

Lillian: Give it back!

Lillian: Housemother made it for me!

Lillian: She gave it to me herself!

Ange walks over to Lillian, kneels down, and hands the stuffed toy back to the girl.

Lillian hugs it vehemently. She is practically burrowing her head into it.

Angelia: I'm sorry.

Angelia: It must be very important to you.

Lillian glances at Ange quickly out of the corner of her eye and gives her a small nod.

Krone: I'm really sorry, Frau Angelia. I'll get the girl out of here.

Ange pats Lillian gently on the head and notices a slight change in the way the girl looks at her.

Just as she is about to say something, Krone whisks her out of the room and slams the door behind her.
Part 2: Piper

2

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

Even before the police arrive at the scene, Ange has already got Berle Orphanage sealed off as Task Force DEFY starts collecting evidence.

The children have been gathered in the music room. Krone is giving them a lesson to keep them calm.

Krone: ..."Look, the rats start following him."

Krone: "As if totally entranced, the rats trail after the Pied Piper mindlessly. The music draws them to the river, and the mesmerized rats jump into the water one after the other, until they all get washed away..."

RPK-16 enters the music room and takes a seat in the back.

Neele: I know! The townspeople later refuse to give the Pied Piper his due reward and only offer a single gold coin for his service, so the Pied Piper plays his pipe and kidnaps all the children from the town.

Neele: Frau Krone, the housemother has told this story many times!

Krone: Silence! Mind your manners in front of our guest.

Upon noticing RPK-16 sitting in the back, the lively and boisterous children immediately grow hushed and uneasy.

RPK-16: Ahaha, don't mind me.

RPK-16: Just think of me as Frau Krone's assistant.

Krone: That...that won't do at all!

RPK-16: In spite of the tragedy that has struck the orphanage, the investigation is still in progress.

RPK-16: We would like to keep aiding the orphanage in its operation depending on the situation.

Krone: Are...are you sure?

RPK-16: Of course. That's why if there's anything you want, do go ahead and tell me, okay? I'm a magician who can make wishes come true.

RPK-16 reaches into her pocket and fishes out sweets that she has prepared beforehand. The children immediately have her surrounded with glowing eyes.

She smiles as all the sweets are seized up in an instant.

Blue-eyed Boy: Hurray! Another nice lady with lots of candy!

RPK-16: Another?

Blue-eyed Boy: The dark-haired lady with you had also given us lots of snacks before!

Blue-eyed Boy: Pity she isn't here right now.

RPK-16: Dark-haired lady... You mean Miss Morridow?

A girl with light blond hair shuffles closer. RPK-16 sees her and hands her another piece of candy.

The girl shakes her head and does not accept it.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Um...

RPK-16: Call me Renate.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Renate, what will happen to us with Housemother gone?

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Will we be sent somewhere else? Will we have to starve?

RPK-16: Hm...?

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Both my parents are missing. Housemother took me in.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: She said I could stay here for as long as I want. But if Housemother isn't here anymore... Will the orphanage also close down...?

RPK-16: Well...

Blue-eyed Boy: Dummkopf! What a silly question! With Housemother gone, there'll be no one to tell us off and we can eat as much as we want!

Children: Yay! Hahahahahahaha...

The young children laugh and seem altogether unaffected by what happened, but the older ones look considerably more worried.

They look expectantly at RPK-16, hoping she could give them some definite answers.

RPK-16 smiles. She could easily make up something to comfort these children, but just as the words reach the tip of her tongue, she stops.

RPK-16: Don't worry. There will be a way.

The blond girl looks visibly disappointed. She has heard such perfunctory reassurance all too many times.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Housemother said we had to stay where she could see us or the demons would snatch us away.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: The demons have already got to a few of my friends. Now that Housemother is gone, will the demons come again?

RPK-16: Demons?

The children fall silent. Their fear is palpable.

Tears are trailing down the blond girl's face.

Even the blue-eyed boy looks down with unease.

RPK-16: Ms. Krone... What's the deal with these demons?

Krone: I'm sorry, we shouldn't talk about such things in front of the children. Let's speak somewhere else.

Krone gestures to RPK-16.

The Doll gets the message and follows her out of the music room.

Krone: Apologies. That must have been very confusing.

RPK-16: Hm, it didn't sound like mere fairy tales.

RPK-16: I would like to know more about their "demons".

Krone: (Sighs) I suppose there's no way we can hide this from you any longer.

Krone: Now that the housemother is dead, there's no point in hiding it anyway.

RPK-16: What have you been hiding?

Krone: To tell you the truth...there have been four cases of missing children at the orphanage...

Krone: Every time it happened, the child was present at dinner but nowhere to be found the next morning during roll call.

Krone: After the first child had gone missing, in an attempt to prevent it from happening again, we gathered all the children and kept them in one place at a time. However, children still kept going missing.

RPK-16: Did you not call the police?

Krone: We did, but police investigation was inconclusive.

Krone: They couldn't care less that a few orphans disappeared.

Krone: I once suggested to Housemother that we could hire journalists to report the cases in the papers.

Krone: But she was worried that the bad press would endanger the operation of the orphanage, so I gave up on that idea.

Krone: Still, weird rumors started circulating that our orphanage was involved in child trafficking...

RPK-16: Child trafficking?

Krone: They were all baseless rumors, you must believe me!

Krone: The housemother handpicked all our teachers and caretakers from the local churches! I swear to God we would never do something so abominable!

Krone: We really do love these children. We don't want any harm to come to them.

RPK-16: Has security been tightened since the incidents?

Krone: We've arranged for the security guards to rotate shifts; I myself have also patrolled the dormitories through the night a few times.

Krone: But whenever it happened, I would always find myself passed out for some reason, and by the time I woke up, a child would be gone.

Krone: The guards would also say that they hadn't noticed anything unusual...

RPK-16: Hm...

Krone: The housemother was devastated; I could sense her dismay.

Krone: I've always heard that some refugees would resort to abducting children and selling them for money. Now they even had the audacity to target the housemother.

RPK-16: You believe this was the refugees' doing?

Krone: It...it was just a guess.

Krone: I can't think of anyone who would be so ruthless.

RPK-16: Did the housemother have any enemies or rivals?

Krone: She devoted her life to doing good... How could she have any enemies?

Krone: And she was a philanthropist - what rival could there be?

RPK-16: No suspects then...

Krone: (Sighs) Without the housemother, I'm afraid these poor children will have to suffer.

RPK-16: Why is that?

Krone: This could very well be the end of the orphanage.

RPK-16: Can't anyone succeed the housemother in her position? I believe you're a suitable candidate.

Krone sighs and shakes her head.

Krone: The housemother kept the orphanage running with her own savings. Money has always been tight supporting so many children. With the housemother gone, we will soon run out...

Krone: And due to the cases with the missing children, no one would be willing to help out an orphanage that allegedly participates in child trafficking...

Krone: Our only hope was receiving funding from PECMAR, but now that you've learned of what happened, I doubt our application would be approved...

RPK-16: So why did you tell me about this?

Krone: Once the police gets here, you and the other representatives will find out about our history soon enough.

Krone: I thought it would be better if you hear about it from me.

RPK-16: I see. I appreciate your honesty. I will liaise with the commissioner regarding your PECMAR funding.

RPK-16: Oh... I do have another question; it could be a bit impertinent.

Krone: Go ahead, I will not take offense.

RPK-16: Did you enter the housemother's office this evening?

Krone: I was with the children the whole time, preparing for your arrival. The children can testify for me.

RPK-16: And you didn't leave them, not even for a little?

Krone: Oh... I did head outside for a short while.

Krone: It started storming after dinner, a little after 6pm.

Krone: Some of the younger children were spooked by the loud thunder and started crying.

Krone: Lillian is particularly afraid of thunderstorms and kept asking for the housemother. I couldn't soothe her, so I phoned the housemother.

Krone: She said she would take care of Lillian and asked me to bring the girl to her office. I did as she asked me, then I returned to the hall to read.

Krone: After a while, the housemother told me to collect Lillian and take her back to the hall. I don't remember the exact time, but I'm certain it was before 8.

Krone: I knew because I definitely heard the rose cuckoo clock chiming the time inside the housemother's office while I was escorting Lillian down the hallway.

RPK-16: Which means the housemother was still alive at 8 o'clock.

Krone: I believe so.

Krone: Other than the clock, I didn't hear anything else coming from the office.

Krone: Lillian was with me; she can back me up.

RPK-16: Whoever broke into the housemother's office must've made quite a ruckus.

RPK-16: Didn't anyone hear anything at all?

Krone: Her office is located in the deepest section of the building and some distance away from the hall.

Krone: Besides, it's been raining very heavily throughout the evening.

Krone: Neither the children nor I heard anything unusual...

RPK-16: Then congratulations. If everything you said is true, you are completely in the clear.

RPK-16: One last question - apart from you, who else has free access to this main building?

Krone: Other staff members can also enter and exit the building, but they have all gone home since it's late.

Krone: I only stayed behind to receive your party.

Krone: The security personnel also has a set of keys. Herr André, whom you've met earlier, is on duty tonight.

Krone: The only other person I can think of is Herr Adam, our handyman. The housemother occasionally had him run some errands, so he also has the keys to the rooms.

RPK-16: Thank you, I now have a general picture of the situation.

RPK-16: That's all for now.

Krone: (Sighs) I feel somewhat better, having come clean about what happened.

Krone: The world is cruel enough as it is, so why are the kind-hearted never rewarded for their good deeds?

Krone: Even the previous housemother passed away because of heart disease. Poor woman, she was still so young.

Krone: I wish God had more mercy on the good.

RPK-16: Ange, I'm sending you everything I've logged.

Angelia: Received. Thanks, this will be very helpful.

RPK-16: Have you figured it out?

Angelia: Patience. We are very close to the truth.
Part 3: Cuckoo Clock

3

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

The rain starts letting up at midnight.

There is a large tree just outside the window of the housemother's office. The dense foliage is reflected on the glass, blocking out most of the light.

Inside the office, AK-12 is scouring the crime scene carefully.

AK-12: Where to begin?

AK-12: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Time of death - around 9pm yesterday. Cause of death - asphyxiation.

There are clear strangulation marks on the neck and bruises on the body.

Liquid is found dripping out of the victim's mouth—smells like anesthetic.

A section of her shirt is tucked inside her pants.

Next to the body is a piece of sturdy hemp rope, which seems to be the murder weapon.

The rope bears signs of having been cut by a sharp implement. Bits of wood is stuck between the plies in the middle section of the rope.

Also close to the body is a fallen chair. One of the legs has been torn off.

The broken leg of the chair is found by the housemother's hand. She might have used it to defend herself against her assailant.

The struggle did not last too long. The housemother was soon overpowered and killed.
If choice 2 was picked

A photo frame lies face-down on the desk. Inside the frame is a black and white photograph of a smiling girl. "Emma, meine Liebe" is scribbled in the bottom right corner of the photo.

Also on the desk is an empty notebook missing several pages. There is a light imprint of written words on the inside cover.

Two partial footprints can be found on the edge of the desk.

The bookshelves have been toppled, books spilling all over the place.

The safe was pried open and emptied.

A purse lies discarded on the floor. It only contains the housemother's identification card, no cash.

One of the wooden beams in the office bears signs of abrasion.

A receipt has been carefully taped to the bottom of the drawer. It reads, "W, Sweet Dreams Box - the very last one. Consignee, Powell."
If choice 3 was picked

Documents are strewn across the floor. Footprints can be found on the papers. Judging by their sizes and gaits, three distinct individuals seem to have walked over the documents.

The third set of footprints were created at a different time than the other two.

There doesn't appear to be anything noteworthy about the scattered documents and books.

The trash can in the corner contains a discarded piece of wet towel that emits a similar odor to the smell of the victim's mouth.

The assailant might have attempted to sedate the housemother with anesthetic but resorted to murder after they failed.

There are multiple scrape marks on the floor, possibly the caused by the physical struggle between the housemother and her assailant.
If choice 4 was picked

The door to the office does not seem to have been forced open. There is a marked absence of dust over a small area on the wall to the left of the door frame.

A seamless nail is attached to the dust-free area, which suggests something used to hang there.

Two greasy fingerprints can be found on the glass of the half-closed window, possibly left by the thumb and index finger of a left hand.

A muddy field of grass lies outside the window, but no tracks can be found due to the thunderstorm.

On the surface of a dry area sheltered from the rain outside the window is a row of footprints pointing outwards, possibly left by the culprit while fleeing the scene.

Search complete. Clues collected include...

A piece of rope with bits of wood caught in the plies, a receipt mentioning a consignee, footprints left by three people, a dust-free patch on the wall to the left of the door frame, a set of footprints outside the window.

AK-12: ...

AK-12 leaves the housemother's office. As she reaches the main entrance, Adam the handyman is being questioned by Hopps.

Adam: Oh, come now, kind sir! As I've told you many times already, I've been guarding the gates with you the whole time! How could I be the culprit?

Hopps: What about before we arrived?

Hopps: What were you doing?

Adam: The housemother summoned me. Since our meeting wasn't going to take place until later during the night, I found a room and took a snooze inside.

Hopps: What did the housemother want with you at such a late hour?

Adam: Uh... She wanted me to help with getting the books in order for this month and run some errands for her.

Hopps: Bookkeeping? So late at night? What are you hiding? Spit it out.

Adam: The...the housemother was usually very busy. Bookkeeping can be done anytime, right?

Hopps: ...

AK-12: Have you found out anything worth knowing, Mr. Hopps?

Hopps: This guy looks pretty suspicious no matter how you cut it.

Adam: But you've got no evidence!

Adam: Gosh, what rotten luck. I was hoping I could go home and turn in early tonight.

AK-12: Mr. Hopps, why don't you investigate something else and let me chat with Adam for a bit?

Hopps: ...Alright, but don't let him get away.

AK-12: If he tries to run, he'll have to worry about his femurs.

Adam: You may be a beauty, but you sure are hella scary!

Hopps shoots Adam one last glare before taking his leave.

AK-12: So, Adam, where should we start?

Adam: As I've said, I'm just a simple handyman. I don't know much about anything else.

AK-12: Right, you were telling Mr. Hopps about bookkeeping.

AK-12: I'm guessing you were trying to settle the account for the Sweet Dreams Box transaction?

AK-12 waves the receipt in Adam's face. The handyman lets out a sigh at the sight of the slip of paper.

Adam: I didn't expect you to find it so quickly.

AK-12: Well, aren't you forthcoming.

Adam: It probably wasn't too difficult to find. From what I know about the housemother, she couldn't have hidden it very well.

Adam: So what's your working theory?

Adam: Just to make it clear, I'm honestly not the culprit.

AK-12: Of course you aren't.

AK-12: The housemother asked you to transport something called a Sweet Dreams Box from the orphanage. The delivery must be carried out under the cover of night, so you showed up at her office at the agreed time. You knocked but nobody answered the door.

AK-12: You left, but you weren't happy about being stood up, so you returned and peered inside the office through the window. That's when you realized it wasn't locked. You climbed in through the window and found the housemother dead.

AK-12: However, you did not want to leave empty-handed.

AK-12: You rummaged through her shelves for something valuable, but you probably didn't have much luck since the room was already turned upside down.

AK-12: In the end, you took the cuckoo clock that was hanging on the wall to the left of the door. Your trail around the office could easily be tracked by the footprints you left on the documents strewn across the floor.

AK-12: You've got a good eye. That gold rose is probably the most valuable thing about the cuckoo clock. That's what you took it for, I suppose?

Adam: So it's made of gold?

Adam: Okay, let's say you're right.

AK-12: Could you explain the task that the housemother gave you?

Adam: Well...long story.

Adam: I'm mostly in charge of transporting supplies at Berle Orphanage. Sometimes I run some personal errands for the housemother, such as delivering the Sweet Dreams Boxes mentioned on the receipt.

Adam: I've carried out four deliveries altogether. I was rewarded very handsomely for every run I made.

Adam: The housemother warned me that I mustn't be spotted moving those boxes so the deliveries always took place in the middle of the night.

AK-12: What exactly is a Sweet Dreams Box?

Adam: A custom wooden crate made with three-ply wood panels. Pretty sturdy. About 150 by 80 centimeters.

AK-12: What's inside?

Adam: Haven't a clue. All the boxes were handed to me tightly sealed. She said they were full of knick-knacks handmade by the children - gifts for those in high society, urging them to make donations to the orphanage.

Adam: But the boxes were really heavy. What do you think was inside?

AK-12: This consignee, Powell. Do you know them?

Adam: I'd also like to know who that is. They're the reason I'm here.

Adam: Sadly, I was always told to deliver the boxes to a designated spot and they would only be moved after I was gone.

Adam: So God knows who took those boxes and where they hauled them.

AK-12: They're the reason you're here?

AK-12: What do you mean?

Adam: I've already told you everything I know. You'll have to figure out the rest yourselves, Frau Lucia.

Adam: Your enemy seems more stupid than I imagined.
Part 4: Air Raid Shelter

4

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

André the security guard reported a sighting of intruders last night. Ange has sent AN-94 to the security room to investigate.

AN-94 arrives at the security room just as André is seeing Hopps off.

AN-94: Mr. André, Miss Angelia sent me. Apparently you have clues pertaining to the intruders?

André: Frau...Antje, right?

AN-94: Yes, that is my name.

André: I did discover something unusual, but most of it has been washed away by the rain.

André: It's probably nothing, to be honest.

AN-94: It doesn't matter. Let's take a look at the scene.

André: Say, shouldn't we leave this kind of stuff to the police?

André: I know you are the representatives' bodyguards, but is it really necessary for you to get involved?

AN-94: Miss Morridow has contacted the police, but their arrival is being delayed by the storm, that's why we would like to conduct a preliminary investigation ourselves.

André: Uh...

André: Fine. But don't say I didn't warn you, young lady.

André: Refugees have been banding together to rob properties in this area for quite a while now. The housemother most probably also died at their hands.

André: I hate the idea of going beyond the fence in the middle of the night.

AN-94: Don't worry, just take me to the general location.

André: Alright... You're not giving me much choice.

André: Come along then.

André leads AN-94 north. She didn't notice before, but mountains form a natural barrier that spans across the northern side of the orphanage. The surrounding fence is only built on the other three sides.

AN-94: So there are mountains behind Berle Orphanage. I didn't notice that on the way here.

André: Those mountains are a serious security issue for us. We've discovered that refugees use them as shelters. We've even found bedding and over two weeks' worth of food scraps in there...

AN-94: If there are hideouts in the mountains, then it is a lot more likely that the intruder broke into the housemother's office from the outside...

AN-94: Did the housemother not take any measures to tighten security in the north?

André: That costs money.

André: I'm still owed several months' worth of my salary.

André: But I didn't make a fuss for the sake of the kids.

André: It was very kind of the housemother to provide for orphans who came from the contamination zones.

André: It's always the poor who try to save others while the rich only think about their own comfort.

AN-94: I see...

André: The housemother was really down on her luck. Those refugees must've had their eyes on her for some time.

André: I doubt I can stay here much longer myself. I'd better look for another job at a safer place.

AN-94: You've done your best.

André: Right, we're here.

André: Dammit, the rain has washed everything away. There were a few footprints here before.

AN-94: I understand. Just leave the rest to me and return to the orphanage.

André: Huh?

André: You're heading into the mountains?

André: That's way too dangerous.

AN-94: It's alright. For your safety, please return to the hall and wait for me.

AN-94: I will return, I promise.

André: Well... Good luck then.

AN-94: ...

AN-94: Erwin, do you copy?

AK-15: Loud and clear. What's the situation?

AN-94: The security guard led me to the location where he had previously discovered evidence left behind by a possible intruder. The soil has definitely been disturbed here.

AN-94: I suspect it bears footprints that were erased by the rain. I'm about to follow them.

AK-15: Do you require backup?

AN-94: Keep up your own investigation. I'll get in touch if I need help.

AK-15: Understood. Be careful.

AN-94 follows the trail into the mountains.

She finally finds what she's after deep inside.

She pushes a patch of shrubbery aside and reveals a round black manhole cover made of metal with a ring pull attached.

The ring pull feels a little greasy. Somebody must have used it recently.

AN-94: A manhole cover? Why would there be a manhole cover in such a place? Ange, are you seeing this?

Angelia: Yes. Look around and show me your surroundings.

AN-94: The grass here looks like it's been stepped on.

AN-94: The ring pull has also been used.

Angelia: There shouldn't be a manhole in the mountains. Open the cover and see what's down there.

AN-94: Roger.

AN-94 lifts the metal cover with a single hand. A pungent odor of decay wafts through the opening. The hole looks pitch dark and bottomless.

AN-94: It's big, a meter in diameter.

Angelia: Shine your flashlight in there.

AN-94: Okay.

AN-94: Hm?!

All of a sudden, someone clamps a hand over AN-94's mouth and slashes her throat with a blade.

AN-94 loses her balance and tumbles into the dark manhole, then the manhole cover is put back in place and sealed tight.

AN-94 finds her bearing at the bottom of the pit. Her automatic self-diagnostics indicate that she has only suffered minor damage.

Angelia: What just happened, Antje?!

Angelia: Are you alright?!

AN-94: I'm...fine...

AN-94: I was attacked...

AN-94: I didn't sense anyone behind me at all...

Angelia: Glad to hear you're okay. Damage report.

AN-94: My assailant tried to slash my throat, but the cut wasn't deep and didn't damage any important components. I will close the wound temporarily with some sealing gel.

AN-94: They must have thought I was human, or they wouldn't have attacked me with this method.

Angelia: You're lucky you're a Doll.

Angelia: Stay where you are. Erwin and I are coming to get you.

AN-94: Acknowledged... But this doesn't seem like a nice place at all.

AN-94 turns on her flashlight. The illuminated scene confirms what her other senses have suggested.

The bottom of the manhole is covered by a layer of countless white bones. On the top of the pile are two little skeletons garbed in uniforms of the orphanage. Their hollow gaze seems to bore right into her.
Part 5: Rag Doll

5

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Sweet Dreams Box - Beginning".

...

Angelia: The girl that got led away... She seems a little unusual.

Morridow: Frau Krone told me that Lillian bears a very close resemblance to the housemother's own daughter.

Angelia: The housemother has a daughter?

Morridow: Had. I believe the child is deceased.

Angelia: I see... No wonder the housemother had a soft spot for her.

Morridow: It must be devastating for the girl to lose someone so close to her again.

Angelia: The only thing we can do is find the culprit.

Angelia: Come to think of it, you've been sticking to me like glue the whole time.

Angelia: That was quite a fright for you too, wasn't it? Why don't you find somewhere to sit down and take a break?

Morridow: The chairwoman has bade me to make myself useful! I can't fall apart at such a crucial moment!

Morridow: There might be something you need my help with!

Angelia: In that case, you could do me a favor.

Outside the music room, a few of the bigger children have Lillian surrounded.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Oh dear, Lillian, Crybaby Lillian. Without Housemother, who's going to indulge such a crybaby now?

Blue-eyed Boy: Crybaby Lillian, Tattletale Lillian. Let's see who'll come to your rescue this time.

Girl with a Ponytail: You're so mean. Stop bullying Lillian!

Girl with a Ponytail: Lillian, your "Singing Emma" is so hideous. Why don't you give it to me and I'll make the others leave you in peace? How about that?

Lillian: (Cries) No! I'm not letting you have Emma! Housemother—

Morridow: What are you playing, children? May I join you?

Girl with a Ponytail: Humph, the representatives running to Lillian's rescue.

Girl with Light Blond Hair: Gotta hand it to you. Somehow you always manage to summon help with your pathetic crying.

Blue-eyed Boy: We're not playing with you! You're taking Lillian's side!

Morridow: I know you're kids, but you've got to learn some respect. You. Must. Not. Bully. Your. Friend.

Morridow widens her eyes dramatically as she admonishes the children bullying Lillian. They pause for a moment in surprise before finally scattering.

With tear-streaked face, Lillian is led up to Ange. Clutching her doll tightly, she rubs at her eyes with a grimy hand and looks up at Ange.

Angelia: You can call me Ange.

Morridow: And I'm Morridow~

Lillian remains silent. Perceiving her timidness, Morridow fishes out a sweet and places it in the girl's hand.

Lillian accepts the sweet and carefully slips it into her pocket.

Lillian: Ange... Morridow... Have you caught the person who hurt Housemother?

Angelia: Not yet, but I think we'll find them very soon.

Angelia: There's something you wanted to tell me before you left the room, right?

Lillian: Huh...?

Angelia: I saw it in your eyes.

Lillian: Um... Frau Ange, you're one of the delegates, right?

Angelia: That's right.

Lillian: Then...are you a good person?

Morridow: Good person?

Lillian: Housemother said I mustn't let anyone other than the good person on the delegation know about what she told me.

Angelia: I'm not sure about the others, but I suppose I am a good person.

Morridow: Uh... I believe I also count as one?

Lillian peers at Morridow apprehensively and shakes her head.

Morridow: Wow... I'm a bit offended. I just gave you candy, you know.

Angelia: Feel free to tell me anything. Don't mind Morridow.

Lillian looks up at Ange and gives her a small nod. Ange leads the girl into a corner of the hall, out of Morridow's earshot.

Angelia: From what I've been told, you were the last person Housemother was with before she got attacked.

Angelia: Did she tell you anything? Can you describe what happened to me?

Lillian: Housemother said she wanted to mend my doll for me...so she asked Frau Krone to bring me to her office.

Lillian: Housemother scared me a little back then... She didn't say anything, just kept staring at me as she sewed up my doll.

Lillian: After a while, she started crying. I ran up to hug her and told her not to cry.

Angelia: She started crying?

Lillian: I don't know what made Housemother so sad...

Lillian: As I watched her cry, I...I also started crying... (Sobs)

Lillian: Housemother... (Sobs)

Lillian bursts into tears again as she recalls her final moments with the housemother.

Ange kneels quietly next to her, waiting for her to collect herself.

She keeps weeping and wiping away her tears with her hands.

Ange takes out a handkerchief and dries the girl's face.

After a while, she finally calms down. She looks up again at Ange, who nods at her encouragingly.

Lillian: Housemother saw that I was crying and wiped away my tears.

Lillian: She told me not to cry and started telling me stories.

Lillian: She would usually only tell me one story at a time, but back then she told me story after story, as if she was trying to tell me all the stories she had ever known...

Angelia: What happened next...?

Lillian: Then she said it was almost 8 and I should be going to bed, so she phoned Frau Krone to come and fetch me.

Lillian: She gave me back my mended doll and told me she had made up her mind.

Lillian: She said a delegation was coming, and a good person among them would be able to help us. She told me to give this doll to the person.

Lillian: Are you really a good person, Frau Ange?

Angelia: What do you think?

Lillian: I think...you remind me a lot of Housemother...

Lillian: So...

Lillian offers the doll in her arms to Ange. Ange takes it solemnly and looks it over.

On the back of the doll is a patchwork that obviously looks newly sewn on.

She applies some force to tear open the seam, revealing a folded piece of paper hidden inside the doll.

The paper is wrapped around a cross-shaped medal, which has the letter "W" etched on the back.

She unfolds the paper and scans its content before promptly shoving it into her pocket.

Lillian: What is that?

Angelia: It's a letter from Housemother, telling me that Lillian is a good girl.

Lillian: Housemother said I'm a good girl?

Ange turns and looks at Lillian with very gentle eyes.

Angelia: Lillian, you have done a brilliant job protecting Housemother.
Part 6: Sweet Dreams Box - End

    6chevron_right

At daybreak, word finally arrives that the police will be there soon. Ange's visit to Berle Orphanage also comes to an end.

Angelia: Hopps, could you please gather everyone here? I need to make an announcement.

Hopps: An announcement?

Hopps: What is it?

Angelia: Just do as I say.

Hopps: ...Okay, right away.

AK-12, RPK-16, AK-15, Krone, Morridow, Adam, and finally André file into the hall one after the other.

Ange glances at the exhausted Lillian, who has fallen asleep on the sofa, and orders AK-12 to carry her back to her bed.

Hopps: Frau Ange, that's everyone. The police will be here soon. I've already questioned all the suspects; I believe this was a robbery and murder perpetrated by refugees.

Hopps: The police can take over from here.

Angelia: What brings you to that conclusion?

Hopps: While the orphanage was in lockdown, I looked into all the suspects' alibis.

Hopps: Members of the delegation are obviously not suspects. André and Adam only arrived at the orphanage after the housemother's death.

Hopps: Krone was with the children the whole time.

Hopps: Nobody present has any motive for murdering the housemother. Who could it be if not an intruder?

Ange shakes her head.

Angelia: It's true that nobody present has a motive for murdering the housemother, but that doesn't mean the killer is an outsider.

Hopps: Then who murdered the housemother?

Ange sighs.

Angelia: Nobody murdered her. The housemother committed suicide.

The revelation triggers an immediate uproar. Krone cannot contain her shock.

Krone: Suicide? How could that be—

Angelia: The housemother took her own life to expose the truth, whereas the person who pushed her into making this decision destroyed the scene afterwards to undermine what she was trying to achieve.

Krone: Expose the truth?

Angelia: This case has been fraught with unexpected developments, but it was these developments that pointed me in the right direction.

Angelia: I've got to admit that this culprit was extremely clever to have come up with a plan to derail our investigation in such a short time.

Morridow: Derail our... What do you mean?

Angelia: They led us on a wild goose chase to look for the housemother's murderer when this murderer doesn't even exist.

Angelia: And while we were all distracted, the message that the housemother wanted to convey remained hidden.

Ange's gaze sweeps over everyone gathered in the hall, taking in their different expressions.

What she sees seems to have confirmed her suspicion. She clears her throat and continues.

Angelia: Let's start with their methods. They drew our attention using the crime scene.

Angelia: The broken chair leg, the messy footprints, the towel soaked with anesthetic...

Angelia: These were just decoys. The culprit destroyed the object that truly mattered.

Hopps: What object?

Angelia: The housemother's final confession.

Krone: Confession?

Angelia: Good thing I came across this medal she left behind.

Ange reveals the cross-shaped medal she found in Lillian's doll. It flashes black and crimson under the lights.

Angelia: This is an Iron Cross—a military decoration reintroduced by the former German Federation during the war and an insignia of the GIP.

Angelia: Many members of the organization are retired veterans, so those terrorists tend to identify themselves and each other using this medal.

Angelia: I believe it was no coincidence that the housemother was in possession of an Iron Cross. There is a GIP spy in this orphanage.

Krone: The GIP?!

Krone: You mean the terrorist organization?

Angelia: Exactly. There is a terrorist among you who has no business being in a philanthropic orphanage.

Angelia: Isn't that right, Mr. André?

André: !!!

Angelia: You may have destroyed the housemother's confession, but it's only a matter of time that we restore it after further investigation.

André: I don't know what you're talking about!

André: Are you accusing me of murder?

Angelia: No, as I said, the housemother wasn't murdered.

Angelia: But that doesn't mean you aren't a cold-blooded killer either.

André: I'm just an ordinary security guard...!

Angelia: Are you?

Angelia: You were no ordinary security guard when you went for my subordinate.

André: !!

Angelia: You managed to sneak up on her unnoticed—that's pretty impressive.

Angelia: You kept trying to blame this on refugees, but I gather you've already rounded up and killed all the refugees in the area.

Angelia: All those remains in the air-raid shelter must've been your handiwork, eh?

André: I honestly have no idea what this is all about! Can you even prove I had anything to do with what happened to your subordinate?

Angelia: She would've kicked the bucket if she were human.

Angelia: Unfortunately for you, she isn't, in fact, human, and you left your fingerprints all over her face.

Angelia: Make sure you know the difference between a human and a Doll next time you decide to attack one.

André: Tsk...!

Angelia: Got nothing else to say? Hands in the air—

André: —!

André suddenly draws a pistol and fires at Ange.

Much to everyone's surprise, Adam, who is standing closest to Ange, throws himself on her with unbelievable speed.

The bullet passes through where Ange was standing. Hopps immediately draws his own weapon and shoots André in the head, killing him instantly.

Angelia: So it really was you, J.

Angelia: I didn't know you were into playing dress-up.

J: Am I so handsome that no disguise can hide my charm?

Angelia: You prattled too much with Lucia. Thought no one would notice, did you?

J: I dropped the hint on purpose.

J: But you, big oaf! What the hell is wrong with you? I infiltrated this place and spent over a month undercover just to gain that GIP bastard's trust.

J: Do you have any idea how much effort it has taken the Stasi to uncover this lead?

Angelia: So you were working two jobs at the same time?

Hopps: Frau Ange's safety is my priority.

Angelia: Why, thank you.

Ange pushes J aside and scrambles to her feet.

She rummages through André's bloody clothes and pulls out another Iron Cross.

Angelia: He's been holding onto his.

Angelia: So it really was him. Sadly, he can't tell us anything now.

The police has the orphanage completely cordoned off.

Vehicles dispatched by the Stasi soon also arrive at the scene.

The other staff have been brought into the hall while Ange's company keep an eye on Krone and the frightened children on the second floor.

RPK-16: We've found Antje. She's fine.

RPK-16: But she did pick up a very interesting stench while she was in that hole. It probably won't come off even if she spends a whole night in the shower.

RPK-16: Bluffing him with his fingerprints when Antje was still trapped underground?

RPK-16: Very well played.

Angelia: Likewise.

Angelia: Run a full diagnostic on her. We have more to do tomorrow.

RPK-16: Always the slave driver.

RPK-16: But I'm afraid "Captain" Lucia won't let me do the honors.

Angelia: Just run the diagnostic and stand by. We'll be going soon.

There's a light knock on the door and J enters the room.

He has shed his disguise and returned to his usual appearance.

Angelia: Where's Hopps?

J: Being questioned by the police. You may be sent by PECMAR, but the proper procedures must still be observed.

Angelia: Proper procedures...?

Angelia: These cops with greasy palms had better not cover up the whole thing once we're gone.

J: Nonsense. The Stasi is involved in this case, you know.

Angelia: Since the Stasi is involved, why didn't you just bust this GIP den?

J: We're the Stasi, not your regular flatfoots.

J: There's no point in capturing a peon. Surely I don't need to explain that to you.

J: (Sighs) Why are you always so eager to ruin my cases?

Angelia: How long has the Stasi been preparing for this sting operation?

J: About half a year. We were hoping I could make my way into their mid-level cadre.

J: I've already told Frau Lucia all the inconsequential details of my story.

J: I've even got my hands on the delivery man and I would've soon got to the bottom of this.

J: But then you lot came charging in, and here we are, in the middle of this mess.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Why did you enter the housemother's office at the risk of contaminating the scene?

J: I hid my voice recorder in that clock.

J: This orphanage may look pretty run-down, but the EM protection is top-tier.

J: All camera and bug signals are jammed. I'm guessing those in the GIP don't want any evidence to go on record.

J: While you were all busy fooling around, I saw André scurrying out of the trashed office.

J: After he left, I retrieved the recorder to see what really happened inside the office.

Angelia: Can I listen to the recording?

J: It's mostly the housemother telling Lillian stories in the first part, and I doubt you'd be interested in her shuffling about shortly before she died.

J: This is what you're after, isn't it?

André's Voice: Dammit, why now?!

André's Voice: I can't believe you'd betray us, but I won't let you get away with it!

It thunders just as the clock on the wall strikes the hour and starts chiming.

Angelia: The time checks out. This confirms my hypothesis.

Morridow: Now I'm confused... So did André kill the housemother?

Angelia: Weren't you listening? The housemother committed suicide.

Morridow: Then why did André suddenly try to shoot you...?

Angelia: Because he knew I saw through his ploy.

Morridow: What on earth does that even mean...?

Angelia: Read the housemother's letter.

Ange brings up a document on her tablet and shows it to Morridow.

Morridow: "Dear Frau Angelia, I am Isabelle, Housemother of Berle Orphanage.

Morridow: "I initially established this orphanage to make ends meet for myself, but as I got to know these children better, I became more and more determined to extend a helping hand to people who are not so fortunate.

Morridow: "Times are hard and keeping this institution running is extremely challenging. To safeguard the children's happiness, I have done something unforgivable to some of them.

Morridow: "I knew that Herr Powell is a member of the German Independence Party, but he made me an offer I simply could not refuse.

Morridow: "He told me that someone in high society would like to take custody of a few exceptional children. In return, they would make very generous donations that would keep the orphanage afloat.

Morridow: "Just as I thought I had secured all the children's happiness, I saw the corpses of the ones whom I had handpicked for adoption.

Morridow: "I realized that it was all a lie. If wealthy families wanted to adopt children, why would they be carried out in boxes?

Morridow: "I tried to report them to the authorities, but everyone, even the police, has been bought off. I am under constant surveillance as I helplessly watch the children disappear one after the other.

Morridow: "At this rate, the same fate will befall all the children here, and it will be my ignorance and stupidity that sends them to their deaths.

Morridow: "I am in a whirlpool that I cannot escape. My only option is to pay for my sins with my life. I hope my death will shed light on the wicked crimes that have been committed in this orphanage.

Morridow: "I beg you to protect the remaining children. It may be impertinent of me to ask this favor of you even though we have never met, please do forgive me."

Angelia: Do you understand now?

Morridow: So...the housemother only killed herself because we were coming?

Angelia: She said it in the letter. She had no other way of getting out of her predicament, so she pinned all her hopes on us.

Morridow: But didn't you say André had destroyed her confession? Then what is this...?

Angelia: The housemother was going to take her own life before we arrived, but it then occurred to her that someone might dispose of her letter, so she wrote another copy and sewed it into Lillian's doll. We only notified her shortly before our visit, which didn't give her much time to plan everything out carefully.

Angelia: But she must have been living in constant fear and anguish to have the resolve to give her life in exchange for the children's safety.

Angelia: Poor woman...

Morridow: So she left another copy of her letter...

Angelia: Yeah, good thing she took this precaution. Otherwise, the unexpected turn of events would have made it possible for the culprit to get away.

Morridow: Unexpected...turn of events?

Angelia: The fact that we showed up an hour late.

Angelia: The housemother was under surveillance 24/7; she had to time her suicide very carefully so that her plan wouldn't be discovered too soon by the people watching her.

Angelia: Lillian left her office at 8; the housemother was still alive then.

Angelia: She was planning to make her move shortly before our appointment to make sure no one could tamper with the scene.

Angelia: Unfortunately, we were delayed by an hour because of the storm and the traffic.

Angelia: According to J's recording, André found out that the housemother had killed herself at 9, but we were almost here already.

Angelia: To destroy all evidence before we arrived, he laid a few false trails at the scene.

Angelia: If it hadn't been for my DEFY Dolls, I wouldn't have figured out the truth so soon or identified the mole before the police got here.

Angelia: If the housemother was right and the police has been bought off by the GIP, then they will surely write this case off as a simple robbery.

Angelia: And once we're gone, the child trafficking operation will once again become obscured.

Angelia: The housemother will have died for nothing.

Morridow: I will report this to the chairwoman and she will put the police department from another region onto this case.

Morridow: But what's the deal with the remains in that underground air-raid shelter?

Angelia: The GIP hates refugees with a vengeance. I'm guessing André often busied himself with "cleaning up" the homeless refugees in the area.

Angelia: The small skeletons were probably children who suffocated in the boxes and their bodies just got dumped there.

Angelia: The housemother must've discovered them, and that's why she was so determined to expose the GIP.

Morridow: This is...outrageous...

Angelia: This place is too dangerous. The children cannot stay.

Angelia: I've got to hand it to the housemother. She must've known that with us at the scene, even these dirty cops can't do anything out of line.

Angelia: We can get the children out of here right under the GIP's nose.

Angelia: This was the best she could do as a show of defiance.

Morridow: I will get in touch with other orphanages and arrange for them to take in these children.

Morridow: Turning an orphanage into a child-trafficking den... Absolutely unforgivable.

Angelia: The world is rife with unforgivable sins.

Angelia: That's why people need to come forward and fight back, but that often comes at a heavy price. Sometimes at the cost of one's own life.

Hopps: Frauen, the police is done with us. We may return.

Angelia: Good, then let's go, Morridow.

Morridow: Oh, okay!

Ange suddenly stops when she gets to the door.

Morridow: What's the matter?

Angelia: Wait for me in the car. I need to talk to J about something.

Morridow: Uh...sure.

Morridow: Hopps, let's go.

Ange watches Hopps and Morridow leave the room and closes the door behind them. Then she turns around and faces J.

J looks expectantly at Ange, waiting for her questions.

Angelia: J, what can we learn from the information we have?

Angelia: Where were the missing children sent to?

J: We have been aware of what the housemother tried to expose for some time, but we haven't been able to get much out of Adam or the invoices.

J: Otherwise, I wouldn't have had to go undercover for so long.

Angelia: What if I give you this?

J: Is that...a bank account?

J: The real Adam's?

J: Understood. I'll get my people to look into it. We didn't find out about this account while investigating Adam.

J: Where did you find this?

Angelia: This is the actual, valuable lead that the housemother has left us in Lillian's doll.

J: Huh? Didn't you say she stuff her final letter inside the doll?

Angelia: Lucia recreated the letter by brushing over the writing imprint in the housemother's notebook with a pencil.

Angelia: There was never a second copy of the letter.

J: Then why did you...

Angelia: The housemother only wrote that letter as a decoy. What she really wanted us to find is this.

J: We should be able to learn a lot by cross-referencing the transaction records of this account with the invoices we found. I'll get on it.

Angelia: I'm counting on you.

Angelia: But I've got to remind you - the housemother went to such great lengths to maintain secrecy because she knew her enemy was close.

J: You mean...

Angelia: Like her, our common enemy could be right by our side. Some things are best kept on a need-to-know basis.

Angelia: I still don't trust you Stasi folks too much, but since you're in the same unit as K, I suppose that makes you more reliable than the rest of them.

Angelia: Once our target is confirmed, I want you with us.

J: Are you sure? I can request for more people from my superior.

Angelia: You know what my concern is. I need you to make sure there aren't any traitors in your ranks.

J: ...

J: I'll make the arrangements. Wait for my call.

Commander: Kalina...

Commander: What's the status of the two teams we sent out?

Kalina: They made their scheduled call-ins half an hour ago.

Commander: And...how are they?

Kalina: Their mission is still in progress.

Kalina: Please be patient, Commander.

Commander: I see...

Commander: Then, uh, Kalina...

Kalina: What is it, Commander?

Commander: Don't you think it's time we sat down and had a proper conversation?

Kalina: I don't quite get what you mean.

Commander: You're still mad, huh...

Kalina: There are more important things which require your attention than such trivial matters, Commander.

Kalina: 16Lab has sent a comms request.

Commander: ...

Commander: Eh, at a time like this?

Commander: Put it through.

Persica: Sorry to disturb you, Commander...

Persica: Oh dear, you look terrible.

Commander: I couldn't get back to sleep after you woke me up in the middle of the night.

Commander: What do you want this time?

Persica: Oh... I see.

Commander: You don't sound the least bit guilty...

Commander: So what's the matter, changed your mind about coming here?

Persica: Of course not.

Persica: However, I'd like you to do me a favor before I arrive.

Commander: The mission Havier gave us is a big enough hassle as it is...

Commander: And we're kind of short on people to take on new missions.

Persica: I'm sorry, Commander, but the truth is, this request I'm making is quite close to Mr. Havier's objectives.

Persica: He should have assigned you something troublesome like data analysis, right?

Persica: I studied that data too, and I went out of my way to contact you because I thought you might have missed something.

Commander: Well, thank you very much.

Persica: You should look into a Sangvis Doll. I believe you're quite familiar with her.

Commander: Who is it?

Persica: Ouroboros.

Commander: ...

Commander: Isn't she in your lab?

Persica: Back then, 404 only delivered her neural core. Her body was thoroughly wrecked.

Persica: The evolution records of a high-level Sangvis AI were also completely destroyed.

Commander: Well, that's Squad 404 for you... Sounds like they were pretty damn vicious.

Persica: Havier should have told you that Paradeus is researching S.F.'s neural cloud construction.

Persica: After all, the Sangvis Mastermind vanished with M4 in the wake of the Reverse Collapse phenomenon.

Persica: This indicates that S.F.-derived OGAS consciousnesses can resonate with Relics, just like M4.

Persica: My guess is that William has already picked up on this, so we need to hurry...

Commander: So you want to figure all this out before Paradeus does?

Persica: Yes.

Persica: ...After all, that was Lyco's work.

Persica: I don't want the fruits of his labor to fall into the hands of those bastards.

Commander: ...What do you need me to do?

Persica: Does that mean you're agreeing to help me out?

Commander: (Sighs)

Commander: It's always like this...

Commander: Just tell me what I need to do.

Persica: Thank you very much.

Persica: There ought to be other neural cloud backups of Ouroboros at her base, as well as spare bodies.

Persica: If you could recover those, I think I'll be able to figure out how S.F. neural clouds evolve.

Persica: You still remember that place, right?

Commander: I'll go through previous reports and let you know once I turn up something.

Persica: Thank you once again. It would be best if you have them ready before I arrive at the base.

Persica: It would let me hit the ground running, so to speak.

Commander: I'll do my best.

Commander: The transmission ends.

The Commander turns off the screen, sighs heavily and collapses into their chair.

Commander: This is hardly a vacation...

Kalina: Is Miss Persica coming to this base?

Commander: Huh?

Commander: Uh...yeah. She called about it late last night.

Kalina: I see...

Commander: And I'll bet Havier is going to show up with her.

Commander: What a troublesome bunch.

Commander: Are there any Dolls we can spare for this?

Kalina: Um...

Commander: Kalina?

Kalina: Huh?

Kalina: Ah, we don't have any Dolls who can be sent on missions right now.

Commander: I seem to recall a few of them are supposed to be undergoing neural cloud debugging. They should be free, right?

Kalina: Well, yes...

Kalina: They weren't sent out on missions earlier because their neural clouds were still glitchy.

Kalina: And now that we're prioritizing the repairs on the destroyed Dolls, we still haven't gotten around to debugging them yet.

Commander: But the flaws are just in their simulated personalities, right?

Commander: They won't need to emulate humans while looking for clues, and Persica did ask us to hurry.

Kalina: Er...but...

Commander: I believe in the girls. I'm sure they'll be fine.

Commander: Also, we have Svarog backing us up.

Kalina: Understood. I'll make the arrangements right away.

Humans can often exceed their limits, but for some Dolls, their limits are the end for them...

...

Griffin Doll A: What's the situation?

Griffin Doll B: I can't move; I'm too badly damaged... You guys go on ahead!

Griffin Doll A: Don't be ridiculous! We're not leaving anyone behind!

Griffin Doll B: But...but we're low on ammo, it's not like we can hold out much longer anyway...!

Griffin Doll A: Look out!

A hail of bullets rain down them, and they barely manage to repulse the attacking wave of Sangvis forces.

Griffin Doll A: Just grit your teeth and hang in there a little longer, otherwise, once she shows up...

Icy Voice: And who is this "she"?

The Dolls are too overwhelmed to respond to the voice. Their defense line is engulfed in a series of explosions.

The Doll squad which was arguing just a moment ago is completely destroyed. The only one who survived—the team leader—is sprawled in a crater, looking fearfully at the billowing clouds of dust and smoke before her, from which a Sangvis Doll emerges.

Ouroboros: —You can regret showing compassion in death.

...

VHS: And that's it for the playback of the simulated battle with the Ouroboros AI.

Mondragon: Very good.

Mondragon: AUG Para!

AUG Para: Yes, Leader?

Mondragon: State your current location!

AUG Para: Er, um... With an interim reconnaissance squad, on the base perimeter in Area S06...?

Mondragon: The Griffin Doll Handbook, Article Two, Paragraph Seven states, "You shall not engage in idle chatter during an operational meeting".

Mondragon: While it does not warrant a punishment, I feel you need a reminder on the consequences of violating the regulations in my squad.

AUG Para: I'm sorry, Leader, but VHS looks so cute sitting there I just want to get to know her better, hehe...

AUG Para: But do those regs even apply to humans?

Mondragon: Humans?

VHS: AUG Para has excluded herself from coverage under that rule due to an abnormality in her internal storage, resulting in erroneous self-perception.

Mondragon: In short, there's something wrong with her neural cloud. Fortunately, it only causes problems with her sense of identity and has no effect on her combat capabilities.

Mondragon: AUG Para, you were supposed to be sent in for debugging, but now you have the chance to prove yourself to the Commander in this squad. You should cherish this opportunity lest you be sent back to the forge to be rebuilt.

AUG Para: I'll do my best, of course. After all, I can meet and make friends with more Dolls here, hehe~

Mondragon: VHS, is she the only Doll that Miss Kalina has assigned to us? What about the other two?

Right then, a motorbike screeches to a sudden halt in front of Mondragon, its rear wheel throwing up a shower of dirt.

PM1910: Oi, I heard I could get into a good fight here, count me in!

PM1910: Oh yeah, I brought a lost Doll along; is she one of yours?

General Liu: I-I'm Liu, reporting for duty!

AUG Para: What a cutie. You dropped a round though.

General Liu: Oh, sorry! I've decided to bring extra ammo since we'll be traveling to somewhere far away, that's why...

Mondragon: Liu, do you know what time it is?

General Liu: Eeep! I'm sorry...

PM1910: Why? Is knowing the time important?

Mondragon: Naturally, it isn't an issue for irresponsible Dolls, but...

Mondragon: The Griffin Doll Handbook, Article One, Paragraph Three states, "staying on time is one of the key factors in ensuring the team's survival on the battlefield."

Mondragon: It would be a shame to compound a severely defective neural cloud and non-adherence to the rules with a lack of self-awareness.

PM1910: Man, just hearing you talk pisses me off. If you have a bone to pick with me, then come out and say it!

Mondragon: I know you refuse to listen to anyone, PM1910.

Mondragon: Your last team was nearly disbanded because your neural cloud malfunctioned and you threatened the human you were supposed to protect.

PM1910: Hahahaha~ So you know what'll happen if you make me mad!

Mondragon: Since you seem to consider yourself very capable, you'll spearhead our offensive, then.

PM1910: I'd have taken the spot even if you hadn't put me there! I'm the perfect candidate!

PM1910 marches on ahead into Area S06 without a backward glance.

AUG Para: I honestly thought you guys were going to fight, ahaha...

Mondragon: Our situation has changed. The Commander needs someone to get the job done now more than ever.

Mondragon: Regardless of the various defects in your neural clouds, as long as I am leading you, I will do my best to improve your regimentation until we recover intelligence on Ouroboros.

...An hour later, near Ouroboros' base in Area S06.

Bang—

PM1910: Hahahahaha, die, you Sangvis trash!

General Liu: PM1910 looks really scary...

AUG Para: Liu, be careful!

There is a gunshot, and only then does Liu notice the Sangvis Dinergate that was shot down right next to her.

General Liu: Eeek! W-When did that...?

Mondragon: The Griffin Doll Handbook, Article One, Paragraph Six states, "Pay full attention during battle."

Mondragon: If your heart isn't in this, you're the one who'll be destroyed next time. Got that?

General Liu: Yes, sorry ma'am...

AUG Para: Aw, don't worry, since you're so cute, I've got your back~!

AUG Para: Still, I have to ask, how did you end up on this team?

General Liu: I-I don't know... I was being chased around the battlefield by S.F., next thing I know, they sent me in for neural cloud debugging...

AUG Para: Why didn't you return fire?

General Liu: I'm sorry, what?

AUG Para: I mean, you could have just wiped out the S.F. forces chasing you, right?

General Liu: Oh... Ohhhhh! Yes, I could have destroyed them, but I had trouble finding them.

General Liu: It makes me want to play hide-and-seek, but I'll come up with a solution for it eventually...

PM1910: Do you even need to put that much thought into it ?! Next time, just point in the same direction as us and pull the trigger!

General Liu: Yes, I'm sorry...

AUG Para: Don't tell me you haven't taken part in a single battle ever since you were made?

General Liu: I-I have!

General Liu: I-I just wasn't too sure what was going on...

Mondragon: Perhaps it's a malfunction in your data storage and retrieval processes. In any case, you're faulty.

Mondragon: But that's not an issue. All you need to do is obey orders and pull the trigger.

Mondragon: VHS, start cracking the control systems for the main gate.

VHS: Alright.

Mondragon: How's it going?

VHS: It seems to be going pretty well...

AUG Para: I sense a "but"?

VHS: Well, I made a copy of the signal ID logs in the control systems and found a bunch of IFF signals that showed up recently. They are neither S.F. nor Griffin.

General Liu: Huh?! Are there other enemies?

Mondragon: Probably Paradeus, assuming it's not something else altogether.

Mondragon: What's the exact timestamp?

VHS: It was roughly a week ago.

PM1910: Tsk, petty tricks like these are all those little maggots can pull!

Mondragon: ...It suits me just fine.

Mondragon: Since Paradeus has made the first move, we can help the Commander investigate their objectives and where they're headed.

VHS: Also...

Mondragon: What is it?

VHS: I'm picking up a lot of hostile signals within the Sangvis base.

PM1910: So what, I can scrap them all by myself! Open the gate!

Mondragon: We need to minimize our losses before we encounter the true threat.

Mondragon: VHS, can you hack part of their forces?

VHS: This is an opportunity for me to learn. I can give it a try.

Mondragon: Very good. I'll leave the rest to you, then.
Part 2

2

VHS: ...I've done it.

AUG Para: I can't believe you managed to hack S.F. forces and turn them to our side. That's amazing!

AUG Para: You're as capable as you are cute, VHS! I'm dying to get to know you better~

VHS: This isn't much harder than solving a Rubik's cube... Also, please keep your distance from me.

General Liu: Um... Leader, what should we do next?

Mondragon: It looks like we'll have to split up going forward. AUG Para, cover VHS. The two of you are to find this base's command systems and gather data. Can you do it?

AUG Para: Don't worry~ I'll take good care of this lovely little angel~!

VHS: ...What's her problem?

AUG Para: Hehehe~ VHS... Hey, don't just leave without saying a word!

Mondragon: As for Liu and PM1910, you'll come with me to look for usable supplies in the base.

General Liu: Yes, ma'am! I'll treasure this learning experience!

PM1910: Looking for supplies? Could you possibly have picked a more boring thing for us to do?

Mondragon: What would you like to do instead?

PM1910: Beat the crap out of the enemy, of course! You can take your time digging around for resources; bye bye!

General Liu: Uh, wait...

General Liu: Leader, what should we do?

Mondragon: We're going to follow her, naturally. Since she likes fighting so much, we'll just let her clear out the threats ahead of us.

...

...In a corridor inside Ouroboros' base.

PM1910: Where the hell are all of Ouroboros' lackeys hiding? Get the hell out here!

General Liu: D-Don't shout, we had a hard time dealing with that last bunch...!

Mondragon: Your sheer lack of discipline alone is questionable enough, and now you're causing all these problems for your teammates. Do you have no shame at all?

PM1910: Hey, YOU'RE the ones following ME, so it's your own damn fault, okay?

Words are clearly not insufficient for PM1910 to vent her anger, so she kicks over a neat stack of empty ammo containers in a corner of the corridor. The clattering noise as they fall echoes through the pitch-black base for a good long time.

PM1910: What kind of junkheap base is this, anyway? Why the hell would anyone stack up a bunch of worthless scrap metal so neatly? Whoever did this must be sick in the head!

Mondragon: Ouroboros was probably an extremely disciplined perfectionist. Despite the fact that we are on opposing sides, I have nothing but the utmost respect for her adherence to order!

PM1910: Then she must have been a rules-quoting blockhead just like you.

General Liu: Um... "Ouroboros is a perfectionist."

PM1910: The hell are you mumbling about?

General Liu: S-Sorry, I'm taking notes.

General Liu: I need to learn properly to gain experience...

PM1910: And you're doing it by writing on a damn book?!

PM1910 snatches Liu's notebook and swishes it around.

PM1910: You shouldn't be relying on this crappy book, but your neural cloud! Your neural cloud!

General Liu: Yes, I'm sorry...

Faced with PM1910's domineering attitude, Liu apologizes profusely as she backs up until she feels a pair of hands on her shoulders.

General Liu: L-Leader...?

PM1910: What's this? Going to speak up for her?

Mondragon: ...I can tell that you have very high expectations for her.

PM1910: Huh?

Mondragon: Why don't you tell me why you threatened the human you were supposed to protect back then?

PM1910: What the hell does that have to do with you?

Mondragon: The use of Dolls is only so widespread because humans have ensured that we will not pose a threat to them no matter the extent of our malfunction or damage.

Mondragon: However, the incident where you threatened a human was considered a malfunction on your part, and the reason for it was "unknown". If that were really the case, then the technician who checked your neural cloud would have been fired...

Mondragon: So tell me, who did you do it for at that time?

PM1910: Like I said, what the hell does this have to do with you?!

PM1910 raises her weapon and pulls the trigger, stitching a trail of bullet holes across the floor near Mondragon's feet.

Mondragon: ...

AUG Para: Uh~ Hello~ Can you hear me?

PM1910: ...

Mondragon: AUG Para, what happened? Why are you calling us all of a sudden?

AUG Para: Wow, it actually went through!

Mondragon: What are you talking about?

AUG Para: Eh, it's nothing~ VHS is busy now, so I wanted to see what you guys are up to.

AUG Para: Everyone having fun together?

PM1910: You pull a stunt like this again and I'll be there in three minutes to scrap you!

AUG Para: Ehhh, why are you so mad at...

—The transmission ends.

Mondragon: Had enough?

PM1910: ...Don't stick your nose into my business in future. And also, quit following me!

General Liu: Ah, I'm sorry, but you still have my... Aaaah!

Just as Liu is about to go up and get her notebook back, she steps on the trail of bullet holes by Mondragon's feet. The ground below her caves in and she falls through to an empty space on the level below.

Mondragon: Hey, Liu!

General Liu's Voice: I-I'm fine...

General Liu's Voice: Er, Leader, I think there's another level down here, and it looks different from the rest of the base!

When Mondragon jumps down to take a look, she understands what Liu meant by "different"—this is an isolated room, filled with very minimalistic furniture and home supplies.

Mondragon: It's so simple and clean. A clear manifestation of Ouroboros' discipline and self-control.

General Liu: But it feels empty, like there's nothing particularly important here...

Mondragon looks around and finds a crumpled piece of "scrap paper".

General Liu: Is this...a photograph?

Mondragon: It's a group photo of a few Sangvis units.

General Liu: Huh? So they took photos together too?

General Liu: ...This photo's all crumpled. It feels like Ouroboros didn't like it.

Mondragon: So she didn't like her friends, hm...

General Liu: Leader, I'm kind of curious. We were asked to recover data left behind by Ouroboros, but what data would she leave?

Mondragon: ...

General Liu: L-Leader?

Mondragon: What's wrong?

General Liu: Oh, sorry. I didn't realize you were thinking, haha...

General Liu: Maybe I should shut up for a bit...

AUG Para: Leader! Leader! Can you hear me?

General Liu: Eeeep! Is...is it the enemy?!

Mondragon: The Griffin Doll Handbook, Article One, Paragraph Five states, "Remain calm and centered in the face of sudden developments."

Mondragon: Panicking like this is unseemly behavior! Put your gun away!

General Liu: Y-Yes, I'm sorry...

Mondragon: What is it now, AUG Para?

AUG Para: Leader? Leader—?

AUG Para: That's weird, how come nobody's saying anything?

Mondragon: She can't hear me?

Mondragon: Don't tell me there's a problem with the signal...

AUG Para: Ahhhhhh whatever, if you can hear me, hurry over to the control room! VHS is in trouble, and...and...

AUG Para: And Ouroboros...Ouroboros woke up!

General Liu: Huh? Where did Ouroboros come from?

Mondragon: They must be in danger. To the control room!

Mondragon and Liu return to the hole in the ceiling, but before they can get up, they hear gunfire and the sound of hurried footsteps heading toward them.

Soon, someone runs past them overhead, and a destroyed Sangvis unit comes crashing down beside them.

PM1910: Why the hell do I have to keep worrying about you lot? Ahhhhhhhhhh!

General Liu: Huhhhh?! How can she run while lugging such a heavy gun around?!

Mondragon: There are more S.F. forces in the base. Get back to the upper level and clear out the threats!
Part 3

3

AUG Para and VHS venture into the depths of the base...

AUG Para: You're amazing, VHS! There were so many S.F. forces in the way but all you did was go "whoosh whoosh" and you made them obey us and even fight for us~!

VHS: ...

AUG Para: This must be your specialty, right? Or are all Dolls like this?

VHS: ...

AUG Para: VHS~ VHS~

AUG Para: V~H...

VHS: Would you PLEASE stop bothering me...

AUG Para: Aw~ But Leader put us together to look for data~

AUG Para: We've only just met, but if we talk more, we'll get to know each other better. Isn't that a great idea?

VHS: I'm not good at working with others.

AUG Para: Aw, you're shy, that's so cute~

VHS: I am NOT shy!

AUG Para: So you're genuinely bad at working with others?

AUG Para: But if I remember correctly, you volunteered to join this team, didn't you? That means there's nothing wrong with your neural cloud. But then why have you come along?

VHS: That's because...

AUG Para: Because?

VHS: Forget it, there's no need to talk about it.

AUG Para: Okay, okay, even Dolls have secrets~

AUG Para bats her eyelashes and leans in closer to VHS.

AUG Para: But I heard that back then, a Doll caught you unaware and...

VHS: Uh, h-hold on a minute!

VHS: I don't know how you found out, but don't say another word of it! Never bring it up again!

AUG Para: Ehehe~ Now I'm curious. What did that Doll do?

AUG Para: Since we're alone here, why don't you just tell me? It'll be our secret.

VHS: Y-You're really weird!

AUG Para: Hardly, humans are all like this~

VHS: Ugh... I forgot that you had a defective neural cloud...

AUG Para: I don't consider it a "defect"~

AUG Para: Instead of letting other people tell me what I am, I'd rather trust my own thoughts.

AUG Para: I'm just an ordinary girl who loves Dolls~ What's wrong with that?

VHS: This is because you're fitted with a malfunctioning emotion module...

VHS: You won't think this way after you're sent in for neural cloud debugging.

AUG Para: It's not so much that I won't think that way, but that "I" will have vanished.

VHS: You...

VHS: Is that how you see yourself?

AUG Para: Aw, relax, relax! No need to be so pessimistic~ You see, that's why I'm here.

AUG Para: No matter what kind of debugging they put me through in the future, I'm going to enjoy every day I have until then~

AUG Para: Let me see... This looks like the control room. Please open the door, my lovely VHS~

VHS: ...Alright.

...

The electronic door opens after it has been hacked, and they see rows of massive glass cases filled with liquid.

AUG Para: These are...?

VHS: It's coolant. The servers in there are still running.

VHS: However, these are all slave machines. There ought to be a mainframe in here somewhere...

AUG Para: I see. Sangvis Dolls really use some incredible technology.

AUG Para walks slowly down the rows of glass containers, but when she turns around, she suddenly sees someone standing in front of her.

AUG Para: Ahhhh—!!!

VHS: What happened?

AUG Para: Er... It's nothing. I was just startled.

VHS: I doubt even a Sangvis Doll would be THAT scary... Is this also part of your "human" side?

AUG Para: ...Ehehe, want to see?

VHS: This... O-Ouroboros?!

AUG Para: Scared you too, right? The last time we saw her was in our combat records, but now we can see the real deal...

AUG Para: She seems to be asleep, but it also looks like her eyes would open any second... She...she's so CUTE!

VHS: You can fall in love with just about anyone, can't you?

AUG Para: Oh yes, wasn't she reduced to an AI and locked up at Miss Persica's?

VHS: Hm. This might be a spare body, but it doesn't look dangerous...

VHS: At the same time, all the cables are connected to this place. Could this body be some kind of storage terminal?

AUG Para: Using a body as a storage device?

AUG Para: Ohhh~ No wonder we ran into so many S.F. forces. But she looks so cute, I'd want to protect her too!

VHS: ...Whose side are you actually on?

AUG Para: I'm on the side of the cuties, ehehe~

AUG Para: Oh fine, I won't tease you anymore. It seems like a bit of a waste, but we can simply destroy this body, right?

VHS: No, if this body really is a storage device, then the data we're looking for ought to be in there.

AUG Para: So we can't wreck it? Then why don't we bring it back with us? I mean, the Commander DID ask us to bring a spare body for Ouroboros back to base.

AUG Para: This way, we'll be killing two birds with one stone.

VHS: Well, we'll need to confirm if it really does contain what we want...

VHS: I'm going to access it on Level II and look around.

AUG Para: Huh? But isn't that really dangerous?

VHS: A body used only for storage shouldn't be dangerous, and I want to try and understand it.

VHS: Oh yeah, I'll be counting on you to protect me when I'm plugged in.

AUG Para: What? Really?!

AUG Para: Ehehe~ I guarantee there won't be a single scratch on your lovely body~!

VHS: ...Your reassurance isn't reassuring at all.

...

AUG Para: Poke poke~

VHS: I'm not in yet!

AUG Para: Ohhhh, okay, okay, nevermind then~!

VHS: (Sighs)

...

VHS: ...

VHS: Connection is stable, no electronic countermeasures... Looks like it really is a storage device.

VHS: But there's no telling if Paradeus has messed with it...

VHS: Let's start by comparing it with Miss Persica's data and see what we can find.

【System - Commencing data correlation search...】

【System - ...】

【System - Search complete. Quantity exceeds displayable maximums...】

VHS: So they're Simulated Combat Logs... There are so many of them the system can't show them all?

VHS: Is this the "leftover data" that the Commander wants?

VHS: ...

VHS: Let's just take a look at it...

...

【System Backend - Initializing...】

【System Backend - Connection detected, reading ID code...】

【System Backend - Target ID confirmed. Activating backup neural cloud, downloading...】

【System Backend - ...31%...67%...99%...】

Icy Voice: (Static)

Icy Voice: I didn't think a "rat" would wake me up.

...

AUG Para: Hm, it's been about 10 minutes. Does it usually take Dolls this long to find a bit of data?

AUG Para: Oh well, I'll just check in and say hi to Leader~!

AUG Para: Uh~ Hello~ Can you hear me?

Mondragon: AUG Para, what happened? Why are you calling us all of a sudden?

AUG Para: Wow, it actually went through!

Mondragon: What are you talking about?

AUG Para: Eh, it's nothing~ VHS is busy now, so I wanted to see what you guys are up to.

AUG Para: Everyone having fun together?

PM1910's Voice: You pull a stunt like this again and I'll be there in three minutes to scrap you!

AUG Para: Ehhh, why are you so mad at me...? Hello? Helloooo?

AUG Para: They hung up, huh? Well, nothing I can do about that. Time to go poke my little angel, hehehe~

AUG Para: Huh? Why is she so hot?!

To AUG Para's alarm, she realizes that not only is VHS's condition abnormal, S.F. forces can be heard coming from outside the control room.

At the same time, the Ouroboros body that has been serving as a "storage device" opens its eyes...
Part 4

4

...One minute ago, on Level II in the storage terminal...

【System - Simulated Combat Log No. 294167 - playback complete...】

VHS only comes to her senses when the system notifies her of its status, and she finds herself shivering all over.

VHS: So Ouroboros went through all these scary simulated battles before she was given physical form...

VHS: In that case, this must be the data that Ouroboros left behind. Looks like we'll need to take her away.

Icy Voice: ...Take who away?

VHS: Ehhh?!

VHS swivels around, but a hand immediately seizes her neck in a vise-like grip.

VHS: Ugh—!!!

VHS: ..Ouro...boros?!

Ouroboros?: Ouroboros... Yes, that is my name.

Ouroboros?: Now, this means you are the next piece to be crushed.

VHS: No, Ouroboros' neural cloud is already...

VHS: Could it be a backup neural cloud? But those servers weren't even linked to external networks, unless someone activated them...

VHS: D...Don't tell me...?

Ouroboros' steely grip on her neck is making it impossible to think straight. There is a burst of electrical static, then she passes out...

...

...In the main control room.

Mondragon: AUG PARA!!!

AUG Para: Oh hey, it's you, Leader. Yeah, I know things are pretty dire right now, but no need to look as mean as PM1910, right?

PM1910: What did you just say?!

AUG Para: Uh... I don't remember... Ehehe~

Mondragon: You're still so undisciplined at a time like this!

Mondragon: What was that about Ouroboros waking up?

General Liu: Uh, also, is VHS alright?

AUG Para: She's right here. She was hooked up to Level II inside Ouroboros' body, but she started heating up after a while.

AUG Para: Now Ouroboros is suddenly awake, while VHS is completely... I'm a combat support human and have no idea how to fix Dolls, so...

Mondragon: Move aside!

Mondragon: ...This looks like a data overload.

Mondragon: We need to sever all connections by force and destroy these servers right away!

General Liu: O-Okay!

General Liu: Just let me reload first...

PM1910: Get lost and watch this!

PM1910: УРАААААААААААААА!

PM1910 levels a scything burst of gunfire at the neat rows of servers. Great quantities of coolant flood out as the glass cases explode and the data servers are destroyed.

AUG Para: That...that was awesome! I didn't know you're so cool, PM1910!

PM1910: Hah! Stick around and you might get to see something even cooler!

VHS: Ugh...

General Liu: L-Leader! VHS is coming to!

VHS: My head hurts... W-Where am I?

VHS: Ah, Ouroboros! Leader, Ouroboros is...!

VHS looks back to where the Ouroboros body used to be. However, the space it once occupied is now empty.

VHS: ...This is bad.

Mondragon: AUG Para said that you were trapped in Ouroboros' Level II layer. What happened?

VHS: We... We found Ouroboros' body. It was kept here to store data.

VHS: However, we didn't expect that somebody had tampered with it and when I connected to Level II, Ouroboros' earliest neural cloud backup was activated.

Mondragon: Somebody tampered with it... Could it have been Paradeus...?

Mondragon: Forget it. Don't worry about that for now. We need to find this new copy of Ouroboros. If she manages to escape...urk?!

Boom!

Before she can finish, a series of violent explosions throws everyone to the ground.

Mondragon struggles to her feet amidst the waves of heat and is greeted by a sight that looks identical to a typical Griffin combat simulation.

Ouroboros: So there's more than one rat.

Mondragon: Ugh... (Coughs heavily)

Mondragon: AUG Para! Smokescreen!

AUG Para: On...on it!

Concealed by the smokescreen, the team immediately falls back into ragged cover.

AUG Para: Ow-ow-ow...

AUG Para: She's looks so cute but she's actually super deadly?!

Ouroboros: You want to play hide-and-seek? Unfortunately, I don't have the patience for it!

Mondragon: ...Everyone, do an ammo check.

Mondragon: Once the smokescreen disperses, we're going to charge.

General Liu: (Whimpers) A-Are we really going to fight her?

PM1910: What the hell, you scared?!

VHS: All of the Dolls here have defective neural clouds. Some of us haven't even fought Ouroboros before in combat sims. I think it would be best if we fall back right now...

Mondragon: If we let her get out, she'll be a threat to our friends at Griffin.

Mondragon: That's why we have to destroy her right here and right now, no matter the cost!

PM1910: ...Haha, ahahaha!

Mondragon: What's the matter?

PM1910: I didn't think that your blockheadedness could be so damn cute at a time like this.

AUG Para: Oh? Have you finally realized how cute Dolls are?

PM1910: None of your damn business! Get lost!

AUG Para: Hehe, that's fine, I still have VHS~

VHS: Please don't get me involved in this.

General Liu: I...I-I-I...I'll do my best!

Mondragon: Then start by picking up all the bullets you dropped!

General Liu: Ehhhh?! I'm sorry, I'll pay more attention next time...

PM1910: Tsk, you're all wasting time.

PM1910: God, I wish I'd never joined this team. Once this battle is over, don't even think of having anything to do with me!

Mondragon: That's assuming you survive it.

VHS: Six seconds to smokescreen dispersal.

Mondragon: I hope this won't be the worst decision I've ever made...

Mondragon: Everyone, CHARGE!
Part 5

    5chevron_right

...At Griffin HQ.

Kalina: ...

Commander: ...

Commander: Are you alright?

Kalina: Huh?! I-I'm fine!

Commander: But you've spilled your coffee.

Kalina: Oh!

Kalina: I'm sorry, I'll clean it up right away!

Commander: ...

Commander: Are you still worried about them?

Kalina: Well, they're Griffin Dolls, but they haven't gone through their neural cloud debugging yet.

Kalina: They were thrown together at the last minute, and they'll probably have a harder time working together than any other team, so I'm worried that things will go wrong for them...

Commander: Look on the bright side...

Commander: This is all valuable combat experience. It'll help them grow a lot faster than through combat sims.

Kalina: That's true... Their specs aren't actually bad at all, so the sooner they get their neural clouds fixed up, the better.

The comms equipment in the Command Room suddenly starts ringing.

Kalina: Excuse me... Wait, this is data from VHS!

Kalina: C-Commander! They completed their mission!

Commander: And there it is, good news.

Kalina: I'm sending it to you right now!

...

Commander: So these are Ouroboros' earliest combat sim logs and data?

Kalina: They also found one of Ouroboros' spare bodies, though...she fought them and ran off.

Commander: I'm glad our Dolls are alright. I'll get Svarog to take care of Ouroboros' body.

Commander: But the important thing is that we now know for sure Paradeus has already taken Ouroboros' data.

Commander: If the reports are correct, then William must have also taken part of this abandoned Sangvis AI cultivation system.

Kalina: Are they planning to make new AIs?

Commander: Without these memory fragments, it would never have occurred to me that a Doll's neural cloud could be honed in such a cruel fashion.

Commander: William would definitely make use of this and build a neural cloud that's only concerned about achieving its end and completely unbound by ethics.

Commander: The fact that Paradeus haven't fielded too many Dolls was probably due to technical inadequacies.

Commander: But the situation has changed now... From now on, we'll probably encounter new Paradeus units that are even more ruthless and efficient.

Kalina: Sounds like trouble.

Commander: It's just a guess on my part. We'll need more concrete evidence to substantiate it.

Kalina: So are you going to give Miss Persica a copy of this data when she arrives?

Commander: Yeah, we'll let her handle the rest.

Kalina: Also, there's an attachment... Looks like a group photo of them?

Commander: Did they send it to reassure us of their safety?

Kalina: Hehe, it says Liu insisted that they do this.

Commander: Yeah, none of them except Liu and AUG Para seems too happy about it.

Commander: ...Still, they look well.

Kalina: Yeah.

Commander: ...Oh yeah, do we have a decent camera in HQ?

Kalina: Commander, are you thinking about...?

Commander: Once we get everything back to normal, we ought to commemorate it.

Kalina: Um... Yeah, I guess we should.

Kalina: After all, we might not get the chance to do it in the future.

Commander: Huh?

Kalina: ...

Kalina: I'll go take care of the Dolls. I'll be off now, Commander!

Commander: (Sighs)

Commander: She almost sounded friendly... And here I thought she wasn't mad at me anymore...

Commander: ...

Commander: Did she really take my joke THAT seriously?

Outside the refugee settlement.

J, who is dozing off against his car window, suddenly feels something ice cold pressed onto his face.

J: ...Who's that?!

Morridow: Pfft, you're sleeping just like that in the car? That's very careless~

J: M...Morridow?

J: How did you spot me?

Morridow: You stopped your car right on the roadside.

J: But it's disguised...

J: Uh, so you're also here with Ange? I thought...

Morridow: That we got left behind?

Morridow: No way we could let that happen. The chairwoman ordered us to keep Frau Ange safe, we can't possibly let her walk into danger on her own.

J: Somehow it feels more dangerous to have you along...

Morridow: Ha-ha, very funny. I'm a pro, you know?!

Morridow: Besides, Hopps is also with us. He'll make sure we're safe.

J: That big oaf... Are you sure he can handle this...?

Morridow: I mean, he used to be in the GSG 9. That sounds very reassuring.

Morridow: You, on the other hand, doesn't strike me as a special agent at all.

J: That's just a job. I don't want to turn into a boring stuffed-shirt with a poker face like that dude.

Morridow: You mean Herr Schwaben?

Morridow: I think he looks much more like a proper agent, don't you agree?

J: If an agent is instantly recognizable as an agent, he might as well be a dead man.

Morridow: Oooh~ Should I relay your friendly advice to a certain Herr Poker Face?

J: Ahem, forget about Herr Poker Face. Why don't we talk about something more interesting?

Morridow: More interesting?

J: I've come across a lot of girls in my work, but I've never seen anyone as cute as you.

J: Why don't we go out for dinner after this is all over, eh?

Morridow: Do your job and I might just think about it.

Morridow: Here, your iced coffee.

J: Thanks. Hm, not bad.

Morridow: Hope that woke you up. Alright, let's get to the rendezvous point.

J: Where are the others?

Morridow points toward the end of the road. Ange and Hopps are having a conversation on the sidewalk while Task Force DEFY are standing guard around them.

Situated ahead of the group is a wall that seems to extend endlessly over the horizon.

J gets out of his sedan and follows Morridow to join Ange's company.

J: ...Ahem, Guten Morgen~

Angelia: You were a good five minutes late.

Angelia: I thought you weren't coming after all.

J: Nonsense. The operation wouldn't go smoothly without me.

J: But if I remember correctly, didn't you say you were going at it alone this time?

Angelia: That was the plan, but the moment I left the building, these two have been stuck to my ass.

Hopps: Frau Angelia, please do not try to leave the safe house using unconventional methods.

Hopps: We are under Chairwoman Ulrich's strictest orders to ensure your personal safety. Do not make our job any more difficult than it already is.

Morridow: Ahaha...

Morridow: Hear, hear. The chairwoman would have my head if you'd managed to shake us off.

Morridow: Besides, my assistance is essential when it comes to coordinating multiple departments.

Angelia: Well, you heard them.

J: Fine, very convincing.

J: So are you guys fully prepared?

Angelia: It's just a simple capture mission. Are you certain this Powell is still inside the Bremen Refugee Settlement?

J: I accessed the security records here.

J: There was records of him entering the settlement yesterday but no records of him exiting. If nothing goes wrong, he should still be inside.

J: However, this man never uses a communicator and often changes the time and location for his meetings.

J: It'll not be easy to find him in such a huge settlement.

Angelia: As long as he is still within the wall, we'll definitely find him.

Angelia: All clues from both Paradeus and other sources point towards this man.

Angelia: But please tell me there's no chance he could leave the settlement through some kind of secret passage.

J: The concrete wall around the settlement goes five meters beneath the ground. The garrison would've noticed anyone who'd dig a tunnel that deep.

Angelia: I hope you're right.

Angelia: So how do we get in?

J: We've already contacted them and made all the necessary arrangements, including securing permits for the Doll ladies.

Morridow: Oh... Actually, I had a hunch that you would want to enter the settlement, so I've also made preparations.

Angelia: Are the permits so important?

Morridow: These are more than permits; they're also identifications.

Morridow: If you approach the restricted area outside the wall without one, those gun fixtures up there will take you for an outlaw and shoot you full of holes.

Angelia: You Germans are real friendly to refugees.

Morridow: Well...it's necessary for maintaining order.

Morridow: With these permits, the soldiers in there won't give us a hard time, and the refugees won't dare lift a hand against us either.

Morridow: It's a lot safer to carry them.

J: Speaking of safety...

J: Considering the location, this investigation will be considerably riskier than your previous ones.

J: Frau Morridow, I think it'd be better if you wait outside.

Morridow: Huh?

Morridow: That...that won't do!

Morridow: I told you - Chairwoman Ulrich wants me to accompany Frau Ange at all times!

Angelia: Actually, I agree with J.

Angelia: We've only been making visits so far. We've had accidents, but they were still relatively harmless.

Angelia: But it's going to be a capture mission this time, and the risk factors of operating in a refugee camp are very high to begin with.

Angelia: There's a high chance there will be a firefight. We can't take you unless you can at least defend yourself.

Angelia: Do you know how to fire a gun?

Morridow: N-Not really...

Morridow: But the refugee relief organization is funded by the government; I have a few contacts in there!

Morridow: We'll need information to locate this man called Powell.

Morridow: As a government official, it's a lot easier for me to talk to the refugees and get information from them.

Morridow: Otherwise, everyone would want to run the other way if they saw a bunch of scary-looking strangers.

Morridow: Besides, we have an agent from the Stasi with us this time, so there's no reason to worry about me, right, J?

J: Since you have such faith in me...

J: Always at your service, my lady~

Angelia: We won't be dealing with anyone from the refugee relief organization as we can't be sure there are no GIP spies among them.

Angelia: But if you know what you're getting yourself into, then be my guest.

Morridow: Okay, I'll make myself useful!

Ange waves her off and makes her way over to the DEFY Dolls.

Angelia: Girls, all prepped and ready to go?

AK-15: Yes.

RPK-16: Things never go according to plan, do they?

RPK-16: What do you think, Antje?

AN-94: I trust Lucia...

AK-12: Our plans always unravel because of the Dolls that are rolled out after us. Who's going to be the one that messes up, I wonder?

Angelia: Enough. I know you're itching to move.

AK-12: But are you sure this is a good idea?

AK-12: Waltzing into the refugee settlement without any backup?

AK-12: Such slipshod plans aren't your style at all.

Angelia: All our leads got cut off. If we don't start taking a more aggressive approach, we'll have come all this way for nothing but a long-distance vacation.

RPK-16: It's quite ingenious though, isn't it?

RPK-16: The most stupid prey can be lured by the most obvious bait.

RPK-16: It works all the time.

RPK-16: According to ancient philosophy in the Far East, some fish do willingly rise to a fisherman's hook even if there's no bait.

AK-12: Well, let's just hope this won't be the day when the trick doesn't work.

Angelia: We'll only worry about that when it really becomes a problem.

Angelia: Before that, we must get ourselves out of this impasse.

Ange returns to her German associates with Task Force DEFY in tow.

Angelia: Alright, everyone's here.

Angelia: Quick briefing.

Angelia: Our objective is to find the man in charge of delivering orphans in this refugee settlement. He goes by the name "Powell" here.

Angelia: Since he's active in three different zones, we have to intercept him before his next delivery.

Angelia: According to the evidence we have gathered so far, the GIP is currently trafficking children for Paradeus.

Angelia: This man is very likely a liaison and enforcer of the GIP-Paradeus partnership.

Angelia: I need information from him, so he must be captured alive.

J: Oh, there's something I'd like to add.

J: I have personally witnessed what you ladies are capable of, but it's very important to let sleeping dogs lie. Do not make a scene that will attract any attention.

J: It was undoubtedly the GIP that ultimately pushed the housemother to take her own life. If word gets out that we're going after their contact, they might decide to just go ahead and kill him.

J: Also, I followed Ange's instruction and didn't tell any of my colleagues about coming here today to prevent this operation from being leaked. I assume you haven't told anyone either?

Morridow: Frau Ange said only Hopps and I are allowed to come with her. I did guess that we're coming to the refugee settlement, but no, I didn't tell a single soul.

Morridow: Neither did you, Herr Hopps, right?

Hopps: I alone will suffice for the task of protecting Frau Angelia.

J: Then I suppose everyone gets the message.

J: If anything does go wrong, we're really on our own.

Angelia: We'll split up once we're in. Keep a low profile.

Hopps: I'm afraid I'll have to object.

Angelia: Why?

Hopps: If we are all scattered, I cannot guarantee your personal safety.

Hopps: I would never have agreed to this plan had I known you were planning to enter the refugee settlement.

Angelia: I don't need your permission.

Angelia: I doubt you could stop me now even if you want to.

Hopps: I know, that's why I will actively participate in your capture mission. However, I hope you won't take this operation lightly and let down your guard.

Hopps: The refugee settlement is isolated from the rest of the city with a wall and turrets because this place is teeming with criminals of the most nefarious kind.

Hopps: The garrison can only prevent the refugees from stepping foot outside, but maintaining order within the settlement is completely beyond their capability.

Angelia: You seem awfully prejudiced against these refugees.

Hopps: I'm just preparing for the worst.

Hopps: If we end up in a large-scale conflict, it's questionable whether our corpses will ever be found.

Angelia: Is that so? In that case, please keep an eye on Miss Morridow over there once we're inside.

Angelia: She's shaking like a leaf.

Morridow: I...I...I'm not...

Angelia: Still, your warning is duly noted. I will only have my Dolls work separately.

Angelia: But everyone else must obey my command. If you can't do that, now is the time to turn back.

Hopps: ...

Hopps: I will obey.

Angelia: No more questions? Then let's go.
Part 2: Spiderweb

2

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

After a brief conversation with Morridow, the military officer at the checkpoint heads inside the sentry box to make a phone call, all the while observing Ange and co.

The mechanical gate of the refugee settlement soon starts rising slowly.

When the gate is fully open, the speakers inside the wall, which have been silent for a long time, start playing music.

Broadcast: Welcome to the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen! We wish you a pleasant journey!

Angelia: Do they expect us to visit the refugee settlement as tourists?

J: I don't think the PA system has made a peep ever since the wall was built.

Morridow: This is the main gate that leads directly to the city. It's practically impossible for refugees to be granted passage, so this gate has pretty much never been opened.

Morridow: There are very strong objections to integrating refugees into our population. It will take a lot of lengthy discussions for the Volkskammer to reach a consensus, and the issue won't be solved until then.

Hopps: It isn't our issue to solve.

Angelia: So this is why the settlement has degenerated into lawlessness.

Angelia: Lucia.

AK-12: Yes, Ange.

Angelia: Take your team and scout this area quickly. I'm going to make some human friends and see what we're dealing with here.

AK-12: Understood.

The streets look clean enough, but they are lined with dilapidated brick apartment blocks and wooden houses, most of which predate WWIII.

Angelia: It looks pretty bleak.

Morridow: Not many venture out during the day.

Morridow: Most of the residents are unemployed, and there aren't any shops or other entertainment facilities for them to go to.

Morridow: Regular refugees only tend to head outside to collect rations distributed by the government.

Angelia: That makes for a very convenient place for crooks and hustlers to get around.

Angelia: Powell has picked a great place for his business.

Morridow: PECMAR has organized fundraising events and contributed a lot to the reconstruction of the settlement.

Morridow: At least it is now reasonably habitable.

Morridow: This used to be a wasteland with nothing apart from ruins, dirt, and weeds.

Angelia: Really...?

Angelia: That's all well and good, but the way I see it, this is essentially no different than a ghetto.

Morridow: Well, it's a long and gradual process...

Angelia: Long and gradual, eh?

Angelia: You see those people who are avoiding our eyes? Their complexion suggests that they're infected with ELID.

Morridow: Hm...

Ange picks a hand-rolled cigarette butt off the ground and gives it a sniff.

Angelia: Also, they're on drugs.

Morridow: Drugs?

J: Painkillers, psychedelics - drugs that cannot cure their sickness but give them a false sense of comfort.

Ange lowers the cigarette butt and looks around.

A few gaunt and emaciated refugees are glaring at them with malice.

Ange returns their gaze squarely. The group mutter under their breath and retreat deeper into an alley.

Hopps: Why are we stopping?

Angelia: This settlement seems even more dangerous than I expected.

Angelia: Ange flicks the cigarette butt away and cleans her fingers with her handkerchief.

Hopps: Humph, it's just drugs.

Hopps: Hardly surprising in a piss-hole like this.

J: ...Hopps, you sound like a conservative?

Hopps: ...I'm not particularly political.

Hopps: What, you can't put me under investigation just because I'm telling the truth.

J: I wasn't questioning you. The Stasi also takes the refugee issue very seriously. It's natural for people who have lost hope of salvation to turn to other things.

Angelia: I suppose no one's offering any treatment for these people?

Morridow: The Bremen government is very eager to establish a comprehensive healthcare system and provide the required facility and equipment for the refugees.

Morridow: Unfortunately, it is extremely difficult to obtain medical resources outside the White Zone. There is only limited healthcare services even for German citizens.

Morridow: Not to mention the shortage of medical staff.

Morridow: That's why the only thing the government can do for the settlement is to support the efforts of the local refugee relief organizations and give them what little medical supplies we can spare.

Hopps: Even so, the government shouldn't be wasting our tax revenue on places like this.

Angelia: Is that why your superiors have decided to leave these people here to die?

Morridow: It can't be helped...

Morridow: PECMAR has been trying to push a bill to solve the refugee issue, but nobody wants to invest the necessary resources.

Morridow: Before we can secure healthcare and basic welfare for the refugees, a strict quarantine is the best measure we can take at the moment.

Morridow: We can't let the ELID epidemic spread into the city...

Morridow: Even uninfected refugees would require sufficient education and training to integrate into society.

Morridow: In our current situation, we simply do not have the funding or the human resources for that.

Angelia: This settlement is pretty much a microcosm of what's happening in the world.

AN-94: Ange, we're onto something.

Angelia: Go on.

AN-94: We've scanned the relevant areas and detected a target that appears to be Powell.

AN-94: Our analysis on his facial features and gait gives us reason to believe that this is the high-value target we are looking for.

AN-94: The HVT is currently heading towards the Refugee Support Center, which is his rendezvous point according to our intel.

Angelia: Understood. We're coming your way. Tail him from a safe distance. Don't get spotted.

AK-12: We are fairly far away from the HVT.

AK-12: But the refugees nearby are starting to congregate and they don't look too friendly.

Angelia: Stay low... This is just a refugee settlement, but the GIP must have people in here. I'm sure they've already heard of what happened yesterday.

AK-12: You mean they're waiting for us to come?

Angelia: That's exactly what I want.

Angelia: Give me visuals on the target. I need to confirm it.

AN-94: Hold on... You are now synced to my vision.

—Connection established.

An overweight man peers left and right before entering a small alley. He knocks on a door, which opens to let him in, and he disappears from sight.

Farther down the alley, a group of young refugees are beating up a middle-aged man. A ration can rolls out of the paper bag that he is desperately trying to protect. He reaches for the can but one of his attackers pins a foot firmly on his hand.

AN-94: We've lost sight of the HVT, but that man over there...

Angelia: We're not here to do the police's job.

AK-12: We know better than to get sidetracked. It just doesn't sit right with Antje.

AK-12: Renate, can you see the target from your location?

AK-12: He's in our blind spot.

RPK-16: We have our eyes firmly on him.

RPK-16: Ah, it's absolutely delightful to see him so flustered.

AK-12: Enjoy the view.

AK-12: Antje, we're switching locations.

AN-94: Roger.

Angelia: Lucia and the others have spotted Powell. He is on his way to the Refugee Support Center.

J: That was quick!

J: Our recon people could really take a page out of the Doll ladies' book.

Hopps: Ready your weapons. The GIP may show themselves.

Hopps: They will not be giving us a warm welcome.

Angelia: No, they're already here.

Following Ange's gaze, her associates notice a group of people heading their way. They appear as physically unkempt as the other refugees, but they hold themselves in a completely different way.

Angelia: These people mean business.

Hopps: Unfriendly business.

Angelia: Keep moving and maintain a safe distance.

Morridow: Huh?!

Morridow: Who are they?

Morridow: What do they want?

J: They don't look like local gangsters. Their tailing method reminds me more of plainclothes.

J: In any case, they're definitely not here to welcome us, though I certainly didn't expect an attack so soon.

Angelia: Aren't they your friends?

J: My friends?

J: I have no such friends. The Stasi and the Polizei don't really see eye to eye.

J: But one thing's for sure⁠—I'm the only one the Stasi sent.

Hopps: There are many who have a stake in the refugee settlement. We are being watched by multiple factions.

Hopps: Someone might have decided to intervene to protect their own interests.

Angelia: Humph... Interests...

Angelia: Lucia, we're being stalked. Track them down.

AK-12: Piece of cake. Their disguise is pretty flimsy.

AK-12: What should we do with them? Do we engage?

Angelia: I don't want to cause a commotion if I can help it, but I don't think they really care.

AK-12: Judging by the way they're moving, they're definitely armed.

Angelia: We can't afford to be bogged down here.

Angelia: Renate, keep pursuing the HVT. Antje, get to a rooftop and watch the surroundings.

Angelia: Lucia, go and help out that poor fellow.

AK-12: Ha... Another good deed of the day?

Angelia: Yep, we are the good guys, after all.

By the time Ange gets off the comms, their pursuers have already closed the distance between them.

Both J and Hopps move their hands toward their concealed weapons and look at Ange for instructions.

J: What's the plan?

Angelia: We split up at the alley up ahead to scatter them. DEFY will then pick them off.

Angelia: Morridow, we're going this way.

Morridow: Huh? Do we really have to split up?

J: What a shame. Guess I'll team up with the big burly man then.

Hopps: ...

Ange puts her arm around Morridow and guides her down a small path while J and Hopps turn the other way and enter a different alley.

The "refugees" follow suit. They stop at the junction uncertainly. After a brief discussion, they also break into two teams.

Ange glances in J and Hopp's direction. As she expected, some of their pursuers have splintered off to follow them.

Only three are still on Ange and Morridow's trail; they probably think the women would be easy pickings.

AK-12: I'm in position.

Angelia: Make it clean.

AK-12: There are only three of them. Don't insult me.

With Morridow in tow, Ange suddenly darts into the alley. She picks up a piece of brick from the ground when she's temporarily out of the enemies' sight.

At the end of the alley, the group of young refugees have already seized the middle-aged man's paper bag. Ange watches as they take pleasure in tormenting their victim, who is curled up on the ground.

Angelia: Ten seconds.

AK-12: Copy that.

Morridow: What...what are you planning to do?

Angelia: ...Hush.

Angelia: Stay close.

With brick in hand, Ange starts walking towards the group of thugs.

Completely engrossed in pulverizing their victim, the young men remain oblivious to Ange's advance. She raises the piece of brick and bashes it hard into one of the thugs' skull.

The thug lets out a cry and collapses. The others immediately straighten up and turn around to confront the attacker.

Meanwhile, Ange has already dragged Morridow out of their sight. All they see are the "refugees" who have come running this way upon hearing that yelp of pain.

These "refugees" have no idea what has transpired mere seconds ago, but when the young men come charging at them with knives unsheathed, they realize they're in danger and immediately draw their pistols.

The thugs freeze at the sight of the firearms, while the "refugees" also hesitate bemusedly at the sudden turn of events.

Before the "refugees" can figure out the situation, AK-12 suddenly leaps down from the rooftop and lands behind the last man in the file. Using her momentum, she jabs him in the back of the neck.

The man crumples to the ground in a heap. His two associates realize immediately that this is a trap, but just as they are about to turn around, AK-12 punches one of them squarely in the jaw.

The other tries to take aim at her, so she grabs the man with the recently-broken jaw by the arm and flings him into the one still with the pistol. As he loses his balance, AK-12 strikes him in the wrist. His grip loosens out of pain and the pistol falls onto the ground with a clatter.

Finally, she gives him a shove, giving her the space to execute a roundhouse kick, which sends the last "refugee" and his friends all hurtling into the back alley bins, rendering them unconscious.

AK-12: Voilà.

Morridow: That was insanely fast!

Angelia: Check their stuff.

AK-12 nods and starts rummaging through their pockets.

Ange picks up their weapons and removes the magazines, then she dismantles the pistols and tosses the parts into the bins.

She shoves the loaded magazines into Morridow's bag, while the latter is still in a daze.

Everything happened too quickly. The thugs, knives still in hand, are still trying to wrap their heads around what just happened.

AK-12 simply shoots them a glance. They immediately give a start and scramble away in fright.

The middle-aged man huddling on the ground once again hears footsteps approaching. He looks up and sees a woman dressed in a black suit place a ration can that has rolled off right in front of him.

Without any word of gratitude, the shell-shocked man grabs the can and takes off running.
Part 3: House of Cards

3

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

...Residence of Chairwoman Ulrich, Bremen.

Ulrich: I'm afraid I don't understand, Herr Bürgermeister. Are you saying I'm to undergo individual interrogation?

Mayor of Bremen: It's not as serious as it sounds, Frau Ulrich.

Mayor of Bremen: It's just a standard procedure. After all, everyone is watching the "Good Samaritan" of Bremen with keen interest, and it was you who facilitated her entry into the city.

Mayor of Bremen: I'm sure that many others are wondering where your loyalties lie.

Ulrich: What exactly is that supposed to mean? I am absolutely loyal to my country, my party, as well as my people.

Ulrich: Those words didn't come from you. Who is it that's questioning my loyalties? The city of Bremen? The Volkskammer? The Socialist Unity Party? Or is it someone in Pankow?

Ulrich: If the party suspects treachery on my part, I demand that they immediately remove me from office and hand me over to the Ministry for State Security for investigation.

Ulrich: Herr Erich Meyer, Vice-Chief of the Stasi, happens to be the one who put me on this case to begin with. You could ask him to take me away.

Mayor of Bremen: No, no, that's not what I mean.

Mayor of Bremen: There is no need to trouble Herr Meyer over such a trivial matter. It really is not as serious as you think.

Ulrich: Then please explain yourself.

Mayor of Bremen: The Pan-European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Reconstruction has been extremely generous in your aid of our government, we know that.

Mayor of Bremen: However, when running a city, it is essential to adhere to its actual jurisdictional administration. It isn't wise to overstep one's authority.

Ulrich: Of course. I will make sure my subordinate exercises restraint in her actions.

Mayor of Bremen: Will you?

Mayor of Bremen: But from what I know, the "Good Samaritan" has already made her way into the refugee settlement, isn't that right?

Ulrich: And? Does that inconvenience you in any way?

Mayor of Bremen: Hm, it is not my intention to bypass you or the Stasi to interfere with your friend's business.

Mayor of Bremen: To be honest, a number of long-standing problems have been solved beautifully with her help.

Mayor of Bremen: However, unlike the few storms she's kicked up before, meddling with the refugee settlement is a lot more problematic.

Ulrich: I do not understand. Does the Bremen government have some kind of secret in there?

Mayor of Bremen: I'll give it to you straight.

Mayor of Bremen: Nobody wants to have anything to do with that place, but nobody wants something bad to happen there either.

Mayor of Bremen: I know you are Rossartrists, but you can't be so idealistic about everything.

Mayor of Bremen: That settlement is like a pustule, Frau Ulrich. I hope you will refrain from popping it and splashing dirty pus everywhere.

Mayor of Bremen: Especially when we all desperately need to keep up appearances.

Ulrich: A pustule? That's a bit of an understatement from what I know...

Mayor of Bremen: No, you have no idea what you're dealing with. It's a lot worse than any of us can imagine.

Mayor of Bremen: No matter how many resources PECMAR pours into the settlement, that place is a bottomless pit that can never be filled.

Mayor of Bremen: You will never understand the difficulties faced by those who are doing the actual work. We are responsible for a lot more people than the refugees in there. Everything costs money these days.

Mayor of Bremen: It's simply impossible to achieve the results you desire with finite resources.

Mayor of Bremen: It's hard enough to preserve the status quo within the settlement.

Mayor of Bremen: It takes a certain amount of self-governance to keep that place from falling apart, and there just so happens to be someone who's providing said "governance", in a manner of speaking.

Mayor of Bremen: I know their methods are underhanded, and the government certainly wishes someone of less dubious nature could do the job, but they're a necessary evil.

Ulrich: So you're asking that the Soviets refrain from crossing a certain line and causing all hell to break loose in the settlement?

Mayor of Bremen: We are both civilized people. We both know how certain things need to be handled.

Mayor of Bremen: I deeply appreciate the contributions your friends have made to the development of Bremen. I'm sure their presence will drive the city to a better future.

Mayor of Bremen: But I've also heard some rumors that if something comes to pass, the pledge that Bremen has made to Berlin will be undermined.

Mayor of Bremen: This concerns the unity of our nation and could threaten to shatter the hard-earned trust in the post-war era.

Mayor of Bremen: As you've said yourself, people in Pankow would be greatly displeased.

Ulrich: ...

Ulrich: You're absolutely right, we need to trust each other now more than ever in the aftermath of the war. I completely understand your concern.

Ulrich: Protecting our country's interests is our common goal, so I will do whatever I can for this noble cause.

Mayor of Bremen: Thank you for everything you have done for Bremen and for our country.

...

Morridow: The mayor actually said that?

Ulrich: Morridow, what's the situation over there?

Morridow: We just entered the refugee camp. Things have been going well so far...

Ulrich: Hm, I trust Ange will have no problem keeping things under control.

Ulrich: Your presence should also help stabilize the situation, but right now, we can't be certain of anything.

Ulrich: If the settlement erupts into chaos, make your safety the priority.

Morridow: ...Understood, Frau Ulrich.

Morridow: Frau Ange is a real pro. She's been neutralizing all kinds of threats very skillfully throughout her investigations.

Morridow: However, she is hellbent on capturing the child trafficker in the settlement. No matter how cautious we try to be, I'm afraid a commotion is inevitable.

Ulrich: You've been working by my side for too long. We only ever see the good side of things—the deceptive façade—because we have little to no real-world experience.

Ulrich: I didn't tell you about the conversation I had with the mayor to put a stop to your operation. I just want you to know that the path to even the slightest bit of progress is always long and winding, and sometimes, the price for progress is far beyond what you can imagine.

Ulrich: Our goal is to build a world of peace. Before we have peace, we must experience the cruelty of war.

Morridow: Yes, Frau Ulrich, I will do my utmost best.

Ulrich: Whatever the outcome of this capture operation, tell Ange to get in touch with me once you leave the settlement.

Ulrich: There are certain matters that we can attend to only after this is over.

...

Angelia: How are things on your end?

Hopps: We're done.

Hopps: These folks weren't half bad. They've had formal training.

J: Pretty much on the same level as professional soldiers. Nothing we can't handle though.

Angelia: We have no time to waste on these people. We must hurry and find Powell.

AK-12: Ange, take a look at this.

Lucia hands Ange an ID she has found while searching the "refugees". It bears the insignia of the Mobile Einsatzkommando.

Morridow: Police from the MEK?

Morridow: So it wasn't the GIP?

Morridow: Then why were they following us?

Angelia: IDs can be falsified, but this insignia is the real deal.

Angelia: Also, just because they're police doesn't mean they don't work for the GIP.

Angelia: Looks like corruption runs a lot deeper in the local public service than we first imagined.

J: Save me your schadenfreude. This is exactly why we're needed for the job.

AN-94: Ange, enemy reinforcements are heading this way.

Angelia: Got it. We're getting out of here.

A group of people rush toward the alley. Ange pulls Morridow further down the passageway.

AK-12 turns into another alley and disappears.

Their new pursuers stop to examine the unconscious MEK officers and report their findings through the comms while cautiously keeping an eye on their surroundings.

In the end, probably intimidated by their enemies' strength, they decide to give up the chase and withdraw with their unconscious colleagues.

AK-12: The cops have left the alley.

Angelia: They gave up then. Smart choice.

Angelia: Alright. Renate, sit rep.

RPK-16: The HVT has entered the Refugee Support Center indicated on our map. It looks like a church.

RPK-16: I'm detecting multiple human bio signs on the second floor. He's not alone.

Angelia: Seal off the back door. Don't let them escape.

Angelia: J, Hopps, do you copy?

J: What do you need?

Angelia: The HVT's location has been confirmed. He's in the Refugee Support Center. You two approach from the southeast and I'll enter the church from the northwest. DEFY will cut them off.

Angelia: Don't give yourselves away. We need this guy alive.

J: I can handle that, but make sure you don't beat him to death, big oaf.

Hopps: I will capture this man myself.

Angelia: Lucia, watch the front entrance. Don't let anyone out.

AK-12: Are you sure about this?

AK-12: The capture will likely go better if you leave that to us.

Angelia: You need to secure the perimeter of the church. Compared to Powell, I'm more worried about the cops of questionable allegiance.

AK-12: Understood.

AK-12: We've lost our stalkers, but the refugees nearby have started gathering this way. This doesn't look entirely natural.

Angelia: Aide summoned by the HVT?

AK-12: I'm not sure. They aren't displaying any hostile behavior, but they could be tipping others off about our location.

AK-12: We will try our best to avoid getting spotted as we relocate to a new observation point.

Angelia: Copy that.

Ange drags Morridow along as they dart through alleys and passageways. She can clearly tell that there are more refugees out and about than before.

These people eye the two women quizzically and expectantly.

Angelia: Why are there more and more of them...?

Morridow: It's almost noon. The Refugee Support Center usually gives out food around this time, so the refugees are coming this way.

Angelia: What?

Angelia: Why didn't you tell me something so important?

Morridow: Huh? Is it important?

Morridow: ...You didn't ask.

Angelia: It's not a good idea to snatch someone in broad daylight...

Hopps: Ange, we're to the southeast of the church. Where are you?

Angelia: We're almost in position as well. Stand by where you are.

Ange and Morridow exit the alley and the church that's being used as the Refugee Support Center comes into view.

There aren't that many wandering refugees here, but the two women stick out too much because of their appearance.

Ange was going to leave Morridow outside, but she changes her mind and decides to bring her along.

Angelia: Are you familiar with this building?

Morridow: I...I've been here a few times.

Angelia: Describe its interior.

Morridow: It's a regular lobby on the first floor, converted from the chapel.

Morridow: All the pews have been taken apart for firewood.

Morridow: There are two staircases that lead to the second floor. The office is in the back.

Angelia: Are there any other exits?

Morridow: I think there's a ladder that leads to the cellar, but I don't know where it is...

Angelia: Good. All this information will make the capture much easier.

Morridow: Why are you putting your own life at risk to do this?

Morridow: You have your Doll bodyguards... Isn't it better to let them handle this?

Angelia: They have an even more important job. A good commander should never shove all the dangerous work onto Dolls.

Angelia: Also...don't you trust me?

Morridow: Oh... That's not what I mean.

Angelia: In that case, leave this to me.

Angelia: Don't make a peep and just stay close to me, okay?

Morridow nods uncertainly.

Ange pulls out her pistol and vaults through the window quietly into the building with Morridow.

Angelia: We're in. There are two staircases with access to the second floor. You two take over the one on the other side.

Angelia: I will capture the HVT when the timing is right.

Hopps: None of us knows what's waiting for us in there.

Hopps: Frau Ulrich reminded me once again after learning what happened before that we mustn't let you put yourself in too much danger.

Hopps: Let me take the lead.

Angelia: No, I want to catch that bastard myself.

Angelia: Take control of the staircase on the other end. That's an order.

Hopps: ...Roger.

Ange creeps toward the bottom of the stairs. She gestures for Morridow to remain where she is and starts ascending cautiously.

The thick floorboards creak softy under her slow footsteps. As she gets closer to the second floor, she can clearly overhear someone having a conversation.

...

Male Voice: ...Is my contact still not here?

Male Voice: I'm already being followed!

Male Voice: This isn't what we agreed on!

Ange quietly leans against the wall. Peeking around the corner, she can see the fat man talking on the phone. Four men armed with submachine guns are guarding him.

The high-value target is right in front of Ange, but she patiently waits for the armed guards to turn their backs.

Powell: You lot, watch this place! We're on our own!

Powell: I'm going to find a few genuine friends that can help us!

The men turn towards Powell—here comes her chance!

Just then—

Male Voice: Who's there?!!

All of a sudden, a shout comes from the other end of the corridor, followed by the sound of submachine guns and pistols exchanging fire.

Powell: They...they're here!!

Angelia: Dammit!

The men in the room come charging out. Ange takes out the one in the lead with a clean shot before diving around the corner back to the stairs.

A bullet whizzes past where she was standing a second ago.

The enemies fire continuously at the corner until Ange hears the telltale clicks.

These men have clearly not undergone professional training. They kept strafing aimlessly and emptied their magazines in an instant.

While they are busy fumbling with their new magazines, trying to reload, Ange ducks around the corner and guns down two of them.

Meanwhile, a shot is also fired on the other end, and the last armed enemy is taken out by the man who just made it onto the second floor.

Angelia: Hold your fire! It's me!

Hopps: Where's Powell?

Angelia: He escaped through the cellar. What happened downstairs?!

J: Someone suddenly came up from behind us. He had a gun.

J: We had no choice but to strike first...

Hopps: ...Sorry.

Angelia: Behind you? What rotten luck.

Angelia: J, check the whole room. Make it quick.

J: It's empty. Do we go down the ladder and maintain pursuit?

Angelia: No, unless you want to die.

J: Fine, forget I asked.

AK-12: Watch out, Ange. The refugees outside heard the gunshots and are gathering outside the church.

AK-12: They have the building completely surrounded. I suggest you stay put inside.

Angelia: Crap...

Angelia: Hopps, get Morridow up here.

Angelia: Then lock all the doors and windows.

Hopps: On it.

Hopps: Some refugees tried to break into the lobby. I scared them off with my gun.

Angelia: Make sure no one gets in.

Angelia: If they charge in as a group, we can't hold them off with our armament.

Hopps: I'll do my best.

AK-12: Do you have the HVT?

Angelia: No, the capture failed. The target escaped through the cellar.

Angelia: Renate, can you spot the HVT?

RPK-16: Ange messed up. How unusual.

Angelia: Answer me!

RPK-16: I'll try to find him, but the refugees around us are getting uncomfortably close.

RPK-16: Permission to intimidate them with our weapons?

Angelia: Permission granted, but don't fire unless you absolutely have to.

RPK-16: We will respond in an appropriately friendly manner.

RPK-16: Still, the refugees around the church are getting rowdy. They seem very angry about the lack of rations today.

RPK-16: If they get their hands on you, they'll probably make a delicious lunch out of you.

Angelia: Thanks for the warning. Capture the HVT and bring him to the church.

Angelia: I will hunker down here with these bumbling dunces. This will also be our extraction point.

Angelia: Take Erwin with you. Lucia and Antje, keep the situation outside under control.

AK-12: Copy that.

RPK-16: Didn't you just give a grand speech about not exploiting Dolls? Now you're leaving the nastiest job to us.

Angelia: Oh please, I know you enjoy it.

RPK-16: By the way, Powell just has to be alive when I bring him to you, right?

Angelia: I have no complaints as long as he can speak. Otherwise, do as you please.

RPK-16: Hahaha... I was hoping you'd say that.

Angelia: J, what have you found?

J: Powell's ledger, contact list, and memo pad.

J: I'm sure these will help us dig up a bunch of people.

J: Hard to believe he has all this important evidence just lying around in the room.

Angelia: He probably didn't expect anyone to take down his meat shields and gatecrash his den.

J: True, bulldozers like you aren't too common...

J: You really are made of sterner stuff to have made it out alive of that submarine base.

J: Don't look at me like that, the entire Stasi knows about your daring escapade with K.

RPK-16: Ange, we've once again located the HVT.

RPK-16: He has emerged in the residential area and is moving south.

RPK-16: He is taking cover among a group of refugees, and the ones around us are getting restless.

RPK-16: I don't think they want us to be snooping around.

RPK-16: Erwin, give them a glimpse of your combat knife.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Okay, they now have no problem with our snooping around.

RPK-16: But we'd better be on our way. Lucia, do you have visuals on the HVT's location?

AK-12: One moment, establishing visual link.

AK-12: Right, that's him. We'll keep observing the HVT. You now have his real-time coordinates.

AK-12: You'd better hurry. I have a feeling that things are going to get worse the longer this drags on.

RPK-16: Understood. Finally, we can take credit for a capture.

RPK-16: It was always you who got all the glory. Erwin isn't too pleased about that.

AK-12: You mean YOU are not too pleased about that. As if Erwin would care about this kind of thing.

Hopps: Ange, can your Doll squad come and give us some support?

Angelia: I've left two nearby outside the church; the other pair are pursuing Powell.

Angelia: He's heading south and the refugees are covering his escape.

J: I thought Powell was an undesirable figure here, but the opposite seems to be true?

Hopps: He must be pretty influential among the locals to be able to buy off the police.

Hopps: If the refugees are also doing his bidding, it's too dangerous to move here.

Hopps: We'd better get some reinforcements.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Agreed.

Angelia: J, we need a helicopter.

Angelia: Once DEFY has the HVT, they'll retreat to this location. Then we'll take our cargo up to the roof and get out of here.

J: Now? I'll have to run this past my superior.

Angelia: You can't even authorize a chopper lift?

Morridow: Let me contact the chairwoman!

Morridow: PECMAR's aircrafts have airspace clearance. They are ready to fly anytime!

J: My rank and authority aren't the issue here. Unlike you Soviets, our state security department doesn't have its own military force.

J: It's difficult to arrange for such things without prior preparation.

Angelia: Tsk... I'm starting to miss the pal who can randomly send me a helicopter with 25 T-Dolls.

J: We are in the heart of a well-populated city. Please don't turn this place into a second Belgrade... K said he'll bring backup ASAP.

Angelia: Fine. Let's hope he'll be on time for once. We must hold this church until DEFY completes the capture.

Angelia: If the refugees manage to get through, none of us will live to see the sun rise tomorrow.
Part 4: Animal Chess

4

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

RPK-16: That was really interesting, wasn't it?

...Zone A, Refugee Settlement.

AK-15: What?

RPK-16: The broadcast. And the refugees here. Neither is making us feel very welcome.

The refugees are openly hostile to well-dressed people who obviously don't belong here.

Ever since RPK-16 and AK-15 have entered the residential area, the people here have been giving them dirty looks. Some even spat at them belligerently.

AK-15: They are not armed.

AK-15: Simple acts of provocation driven by extreme animosity are no threat to us.

RPK-16: Humans have a tendency of dividing themselves into different classes and they love finding ways to feel superior.

RPK-16: From a Doll's point of view, this kind of self-deception is quite amusing.

RPK-16: I wonder how they would react if we demonstrate the fact that they are actually inferior?

AK-15: That is not part of the mission.

RPK-16 snatches up a few items of clothing that some refugees have left out to dry as she walks down the street. She hands AK-15 a coat.

RPK-16: We can add to our itinerary, like, right now.

RPK-16: I believe at least two wannabe-hunters want to experience what it feels to be hunted.

AK-15: Are we being followed already?

RPK-16: Yes, but they're not particularly skilled, just like the ones that latched onto Ange when we first arrived.

RPK-16: I was hoping someone would show a bit more finesse, but so far I've only been disappointed.

RPK-16: Isn't that kind of demotivating?

AK-15: You're right, I see them. I've tapped into their comms link. Sharing audio with you.

RPK-16: Looks like there's more than two of them.

RPK-16: Well, it's only polite to bag them all.

AK-15: Ange told us to avoid firing our weapons.

RPK-16: My dear, firing our weapons isn't the only way to eliminate our enemies.

RPK-16: "Elimination" is just the result. What matters is how we define the process.

AK-15: What are you planning to do?

RPK-16 reveals a few black cubes.

RPK-16: Camouflage yourself.

RPK-16: Then let's have some fun "fishing".

...

Armed Agent A: Targets spotted again. They're exiting a house.

Armed Agent A: Squad A is tailing them.

Plainclothes Commander: Copy that. Squad B is right behind you, ready to outflank the two Dolls.

Plainclothes Commander: Note that these are not your run-of-the-mill Tactical Dolls. They've already taken out two of our teams. Exercise extreme caution.

Plainclothes Commander: They have disguised themselves with clothing of local refugees. Observe their physique and don't lose them.

Armed Agent A: Understood. Squad A has stun guns at the ready. We can attack as soon as we come into contact with the targets.

Armed Agent B: Are you sure about using non-lethal weapons?

Armed Agent B: They are a lot more dangerous than we first expected.

Plainclothes Commander: Whoever gets tased by a stun gun is knocked right out, be them human or Doll.

Plainclothes Commander: Besides, these Dolls participated in the operation at that submarine base. The intel in their neural clouds is worth much more than your heads.

Armed Agent A: Don't worry.

Armed Agent A: We've pinpointed their signals. We have the initiative.

Armed Agent B: Alright, we'll pick up the pace and get to the next junction. Then we can launch a pincer attack with Squad A.

Armed Agent B: Humph, they're still pursuing Powell doggedly. They have no idea that the guy is just bait.

Armed Agent A: The targets are moving steadily towards their objective. They haven't caught sight of us.

Armed Agent A: We are now hidden in the crowd. Squad A is 15 meters away from the Dolls.

Armed Agent B: It's only two Dolls.

Armed Agent B: Maintain your current speed. We can proceed once everyone is in position.

Plainclothes Commander: Attention Squad A, the targets have split up.

Plainclothes Commander: They are now moving in opposite directions.

Armed Agent A: Using the same trick again?

Armed Agent A: We're not falling for it this time.

Plainclothes Commander: Something's wrong. One of them is heading towards you!

Armed Agent A: That's perfect. We can do them in ahead of schedule.

Disguised as a refugee, the plainclothes agent hide his stun gun in his coat and watches as a figure wearing a hat saunters toward them, completely oblivious to the hidden threat.

He confirms the signal—it is his target.

The armed agent jabs the stun gun at the person with the hat, who collapses after giving a spasm.

The other two plainclothes agents drags the unconscious victim into the space between two buildings.

Armed Agent A: That was easy. Get the hat off.

Armed Agent A: Even with all those layers on, our stun gun still—

The hat is taken off...only to reveal a middle-aged man who is foaming at the mouth.

Armed Agent A: What...?

RPK-16: Bullying innocent civilians isn't a good habit, Mr. Cop~

Armed Agent A: ...!!

The plainclothes tries to attack RPK-16 with his stun gun, but she grabs him by the wrist and twists his arm around, causing him to stun himself instead. He convulses and hits the ground. His colleagues pauses for a moment, trying to comprehend what just happened, then they all charge at RPK-16.

...

A few plainclothes officers are flung out into the street. RPK-16 pokes her head out and peers left and right before dragging them back into the narrow alley.

Plainclothes Commander: Squad A!

Plainclothes Commander: Squad A, respond!

Armed Agent B: This is Squad B!

Armed Agent B: Something's not right. Our targets just multiplied! There are now four of them!

Armed Agent B: No, eight!

Plainclothes Commander: Scheiße! They've deployed signal decoys!

Plainclothes Commander: They must've slipped signal emitters into the refugees' pockets to throw us off!

Plainclothes Commander: Ignore the signals! Can you spot the Dolls by sight?!

Armed Agent B: Y...Yes, sir!

Armed Agent B: Hold on, they're coming from behind... Draw weapons...!

Armed Agent B: Argh!!

Plainclothes Commander: Squad B? Squad B?!

Plainclothes Commander: ...We've lost contact with two squads in a matter of seconds... Are we actually the ones being hunted?

Plainclothes Commander: If...if that's the case, then they must be monitoring our comms...

The plainclothes commander wipes away the sweat on his forehead. He throws his radio onto the ground and crushes it with a foot.

He is just about to turn and run when someone seizes him by the collar from behind.

RPK-16: As the commander, you're just going to turn tail and leave your subordinates for dead? Isn't that a bit dishonorable?

Beads of sweat start dripping down the man's forehead again. He suddenly draws his pistol and turns around, trying to shoot RPK-16.

Unsurprisingly, RPK-16 grabs his arm and with a nimble twist, the man finds himself flung across the air before crashing heavily onto the ground.

AK-15: I'm done over here. Have you captured their commander?

RPK-16: Snatched him just as he was about to leg it.

Plainclothes Commander: Blasted Doll! Do you know who I am?!

Plainclothes Commander: You mechanical low-lives! What gives you the right to do this?!

RPK-16: Oh dear, quite the bigot, aren't you?

RPK-16: Thankfully, unlike humans, we Dolls are very open-minded and tolerant.

RPK-16: If you tell me who's pulling the strings and what they're planning, I'm happy to pretend I didn't hear what you just said.

Plainclothes Commander: You've got to be joking!

Plainclothes Commander: We're the police! If you dare raise a hand against law enforcers, you won't be leaving Bremen at all!

RPK-16: Hm, it seems our conscientious public servant doesn't quite understand the situation.

RPK-16: Erwin, I'll leave it to you to persuade Fritz over here.

AK-15: This way, please.

AK-15 drags the man by the collar into an abandoned house.

The sound of punches landing on flesh can soon be heard.

The man howls in pain and struggles to break free. He tries to scramble outside, but AK-15 simply seizes him again and hauls him back into the house.

RPK-16: Why do people only want to talk after being subjected to unnecessary pain?

RPK-16: Why can't we just come to an understanding with words alone?

RPK-16: Don't you agree, Fritz?

RPK-16 expresses her dismay theatrically as she strolls in through the door.

Blood is flowing from the man's nose, smearing half of his face. He can barely open his eyes.

Plainclothes Commander: My...my name...isn't Fritz...

RPK-16: Doesn't matter. I don't really care what you're called.

RPK-16: So, can you finally tell us what we want to know?

Plainclothes Commander: I...I...

RPK-16: Still not talking?

RPK-16: Your willpower is truly commendable. Erwin, give him another round.

Plainclothes Police: A-Alright! I'll tell you everything!

Plainclothes Police: Don't beat me anymore!

A few minutes later...

RPK-16: Fascinating. I didn't expect humans to come up with such an interesting plan.

AK-15: Should we inform Ange?

RPK-16: Of course. I also want to tell her about my new idea.

AK-15: Are you sure about that?

AK-15: We will be walking right into their trap.

RPK-16: Imagine if someone thinks they're about to go to Heaven but they suddenly find themselves in Hell—it's going to be so much fun!

RPK-16: As long as we capture the HVT in the end, Ange won't have a problem no matter what we do, right?

RPK-16: In that case, you can't blame me for having some harmless fun while doing a boring task.

AK-15: ...Fine. Do whatever you want.

...Zone A, Refugee Settlement.

In a certain control room, a group of people are working in front of multiple surveillance workstations.

There is a steady stream of electronic pings and keyboard clicks. New documents are constantly being printed, held up against the monitors for comparison and calculations.

With a fresh cup of coffee in hand, the chief inquires about the latest status of the mission.

Station Chief: What happened?

Operator A: They've obscured their signals after attacking our agents. We're trying to locate them.

Station Chief: Can't believe those Soviet scrap metal robots are capable of that... Anything on the surveillance system?

Operator B: We're looking, but the CCTV cameras around the residential area are experiencing signal failures.

Station Chief: Get them back online as fast as you can! They're going to make use of this opportunity to act and we can't afford to be blind!

Station Chief: If we still don't have the Soviet bitch and her toys before Powell gets taken away, it'll be on all our heads!

Operator B: Yes sir...

Operator B: Wait, I think we have them over here!

The triumphant shout has attracted everyone's attention.

The monitor shows two female Dolls on the move, one with short hair and the other of imposing stature.

The smart suits they are wearing make them extremely out of place in the derelict streets and regularly draw the eyes of passing refugees.

Powell went inside this building just minutes ago.

The Dolls in pursuit arrive outside the office of the Refugee Aid Association and look around briefly before also slipping into the building.

Operator B: Their appearance matches the description. These are the Dolls sent by our target from Zone A.

Station Chief: Hahaha, and they think nobody knows what they're up to.

Operator B: We've already notified our people nearby to stand by for orders.

Station Chief: Good. Give them the green light!

...

On the monitor, the armed agents are all in position around the building. At the chief's command, they storm into the office.

Meanwhile, in the control room, everyone is observing the situation through the armed agents' camera feed.

Armed Agent A: First floor clear. No sign of any animate objects.

...

Armed Agent A: We're outside the last room. Preparing to break in...

Boom!

Armed Agent B: Clear.

Armed Agent C: Clear!

Armed Agent A: ...Sir, we haven't found any Dolls or detected any threats. Awaiting further directives. Over.

Station Chief: What?!

Station Chief: Check again! Did they escape through a different exit?

Operator B: I'm not seeing them on any of the security feed around the building... This...this makes no sense at all.

Station Chief: ...

Armed Agent A: This may be a trap. Right now...should...their...

The comms link is breaking up.

Station Chief: Repeat? Hey!

Station Chief: Verdammt... What the hell is going on?!

Operator A: Our comms are being jammed... No, someone else is forcing their way into our channel!

Station Chief: Someone else...?

???: That's right, sorry to intrude~

Station Chief: ...?!

Upon hearing the slightly sarcastic female voice, the chief gestures for everyone to keep quiet and puts the call on speaker. Then he bids his subordinates to start tracing the signal origin.

???: This is our first time touring the refugee settlement, so we don't really know our way around.

???: You guys have been such a great help. You've made things so much easier for us~

Station Chief: I don't know what you're talking about.

???: Huh? I thought you knew about our objective here.

???: How about this? Why don't we swap some information?

Station Chief: Swap information?

???: Tell me whose side you're on and who leaked our plans to you.

???: In return, I'll tell you our next objective.

Station Chief: Do you think I'm stupid?

???: No deal? Such a pity~

Station Chief: (How much longer do you need?)

Operator B: (Another 20 seconds!)

Station Chief: Alright... I'll think about it, but I expect some gesture of goodwill.

???: Goodwill? Sure.

???: How about we have this conversation face-to-face, in an open and friendly manner?

Station Chief: Wha...?

Before he can respond, the closed window is suddenly shattered and the statuesque Doll that was on the CCTV footage comes flying into the control room. The operators who are quick to react immediately draw their weapons and fire at her.

But their attacks seem to have no effect on their target whatsoever, and the operators are soon knocked out cleanly one after the other.

The chief, who is several paces away from the intruder, raises his own weapon to shoot the Doll, but a slender hand suddenly grips his wrist and dislodges the gun with ease.

Station Chief: Ow! How is this possible...?!

RPK-16: Nothing is impossible. It's just a simple matter of planting some fake CCTV footage and working our way to this place.

RPK-16: It's all because you have too much faith in your "machines", don't you think?

The chief tries to break free, but a heavy blow to the back of his skull puts him out like a light and he slumps onto the floor.

RPK-16: Oh dear, I barely used any force, but he passed out just like that?

AK-15: Aren't we supposed to interrogate him?

RPK-16: We're in a hurry.

RPK-16: Their equipment will tell us what we need to know.

RPK-16: Right, since I've decided to take pity on these bastards, get them all out of here.

AK-15 gets to work right away. RPK-16 sits down at one of the stations, plugs herself into the server, and starts scanning.

...A few minutes later.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: I see.

AK-15: What did you find?

RPK-16: All the communications logs and records are on Level II. Their firewall might as well be non-existent.

RPK-16: These Fritzes have grown complacent in peacetime and gotten out of practice when it comes to being terrorists.

RPK-16: If they are willing to pay, I'd gladly teach them how to do this properly.

AK-15: Any important intelligence?

RPK-16: Eh, it's all really boring stuff. We'll let Ange sort through this herself.

RPK-16: I've downloaded the entire database.

RPK-16: That's it, time to go.

AK-15: They're quite slow to react.

RPK-16: They're a bunch of amateurs.

RPK-16: Like I said, if they have the cash, I don't mind making an entire course out of this.

A massive explosion echoes throughout the settlement. The building where RPK-16 and AK-15 are in is instantly engulfed in flames.

A figure observes the burning rubble with binoculars from a distance.
Part 5: Instigator

5

Hint: For the sake of continuity, please read this excerpt after you have completed "Delta Attack - Beginning".

...

...

On the rooftop of a building in the refugee settlement, a rat is sniffing around for food in a piece of faded packaging.

The loud noise of the main gate opening sends the rat scurrying. It scuttles along a piece of thick cable into the building.

The cable is connected to a surveillance display, which is currently showing the opened main gate.

...In a house at a hidden location.

The wall is filled with different CCTV live feeds. Ange's group is captured by the camera angled towards the settlement entrance.

Operator A: Our target is here!

Station Chief: Right on time. Our intel is accurate.

Operator B: Those four around her are Dolls, right?

Station Chief: Our informant has confirmed that. They are the main impediment that hinders Pigeon's operation.

Station Chief: Still, we'll just follow the plan and lure them into our trap, step by step.

Operator A: I didn't expect we'd be officially authorized to deploy the local police.

Station Chief: Our comrades are everywhere!

Station Chief: Victory will be ours! Once this is settled, it will be just a matter of time.

Operator A: The target is heading towards the predicted location.

Station Chief: Slowly does it...

Station Chief: Send the agents to test the waters. Let the game of cat-and-mouse begin.

...

Somewhere in the refugee settlement.

A man is putting on a coat with the help of an attendant. When that's done, he starts adjusting his lapel.

The sun shines through the filthy glass window onto his large and fleshy figure.

Attendant: Herr Powell, should we check in with "them"?

Powell: We aren't on such good terms that they would share information with us voluntarily. I'm just a tool that has some use to them for now—I know that very well.

Powell: Besides, the "rats" are here, aren't they? That's all we need to know.

Attendant: Right...

Powell: Have we got everyone?

Attendant: Yes.

Attendant: As per your instructions, they are all trustworthy candidates that we've cultivated.

Attendant: With their numbers, they should be able to contend with the enemies for a short while.

Attendant: But will you be able to convince them?

Powell: What i'm about to tell them is what they're intimately familiar with; what they want to hear the most.

Powell: (Sighs) None of this should have come to pass. I once had so much faith in Germany.

Powell: I was certain that they would let me continue my operations in the refugee settlement as a philanthropist.

Powell: But now everything has changed and no one would stand up for me...

Powell: Now, we're on our own.

Powell clears his throat and walks through the door.

He is now in a spacious indoor space where a large number of refugees have congregated.

These people used to be police officers or firefighters in the neighboring regions. Some are even veterans who were quickly forgotten after the war.

But no matter their identity, they all bear signs of severe silification. Their faces are all contorted with pain and malnourishment, giving them a ghastly appearance.

At the sight of Powell, all conversations cease and the room becomes eerily silent.

Powell: ...

Powell: My friends, they are extending their corrupt grasp into our home.

Powell: They have already built this looming wall to suppress our freedom, and everything has taken a turn for the worse.

Powell: This isn't how the world used to be. Our home is being exploited, ravaged, razed to the ground, and reduced to rubble.

Powell: But we did nothing to deserve this! What crime have the sick and infirmed committed? What about the children who had the misfortune of being born in a fetid garbage dump?

Powell: And yet, here they come, laying siege on us in our direst moment of need, trying to snuff out our last bit of hope.

Powell: Do we bow our heads and pliantly accept the torment that they are inflicting?!

Refugees: NO! NEVER!

Refugees: THIS IS OUR HOME!

Powell: That's right. This is the only home we have left.

Powell: I visited Hannah on North Street this morning and brought her something to eat.

Powell: She was so weak and frail, but with her dying breath, she was still calling out to her child, who was shot dead by the turrets on the wall.

Powell: We all know who is really responsible for murdering this child and his poor mother.

Refugees: DAMN BREMEN!

Refugees: THEY'VE NEVER TREATED US AS HUMANS!

Refugees: BLOOD FOR BLOOD!

Powell: Exactly! Blood for blood!

Powell: They have finally shown their true colors. They are forcing our hand by taking away our most basic right to live.

Powell: We are not to blame; they have brought this upon themselves. Since they don't treat us like people, they should not be surprised if they find themselves dealing with vengeful beasts instead.

Powell: We will no longer submit to their oppression. It is time we let them know that we intend to fight for our lives.

Powell: Smash their hubris and retake our dignity!

The refugees pump their fists and cheer. Their cries resound throughout the chapel in the church, almost breaking through the ceiling and reaching the heavens.

Morridow: What an idiot...

Morridow mutters under her breath as she stares out the window.

Hopps: Pardon?

Morridow: Oh, sorry. I was just kicking myself for what I said on the phone.

Hopps: You mean your call with Chairwoman Ulrich?

Morridow: ...Yes.

Morridow: Maybe I'm being naïve, but is it always impossible to salvage a situation?

Hopps: Your question is very naïve in and of itself.

Morridow: Really?

Morridow: What are your thoughts on the matter?

Hopps: The way I see it, there are three ways of perceiving the world.

Morridow: What do you mean?

Hopps: The first way is through others' description. If people say the world is a good place, we believe that.

Hopps: The second way is through our own personal experience. We discover that there is darkness in the world, darkness that can taint people's souls.

Hopps: The third way...is through things that are inflicted upon us. Pain that we are forced to suffer even if we try to avoid it.

Hopps: Most people adopt the second way. They still believe that the world will change even if they encounter hardships.

Hopps: But the real world never changes. It may present itself differently to you, but it is essentially always the same world.

Morridow: ...I disagree.

Hopps: As Chairwoman Ulrich's personal secretary, your naïvety will only cause you regret.

Morridow: I believe that's just the conclusion you've drawn from your experience in the war. Everyone thinks differently.

Angelia: Having a little chat?

Angelia: Morridow, what's the situation?

Morridow: Oh, right!

Morridow: The chairwoman has already dispatched a helicopter. It'll be here in about half an hour.

Angelia: That can't be the only thing she said.

Angelia: It doesn't take that long to talk about sending a helicopter.

Morridow: Uh...

Morridow: Frau Ulrich also mentioned that someone would like to remind us not to go overboard as this could jeopardize...

Angelia: A lot of people's interests, yeah?

Angelia: There's no end to all this politicking no matter which country I'm in.

Angelia: In times like this, only those with an iron will and stalwart strength can find their way out of plight.

Angelia: Does your Madam Chairwoman possess these qualities?

Morridow: I don't know...

Morridow: Perhaps you should ask her yourself. Frau Ulrich asked to speak with you in person again after this.

Angelia: That's assuming I survive.

Angelia: And stay away from the windows. J and I have found some information that Ulrich will find useful.

Angelia: Document them digitally and send her a copy.

Morridow: Okay!

Gazing at Ange's back, Morridow gives her handbag a thoughtful pat. The loaded magazines are still lying quietly in there.

Hopps: You heard her?

Morridow: Humph. Will you abandon Ange in an emergency?

Morridow: If perceiving the world using the third way is what makes a person worldly, what will you do?

Hopps: ...

Hopps: I will make sure nothing threatens the pain that I inflict.
Part 6: Delta Attack - End

    6chevron_right

...Zone B, Refugee Settlement.

Morridow: (Inhales and gags)

Morridow: Oof, this room stinks. I thought this organization was as "cheery" as it advertised itself, but...

J: I didn't take you for the type who'd fall for marketing ploys.

Morridow: I know it's all about marketing, but the least they could do is keep up a certain level of appearances. I didn't expect such a large difference.

Angelia: There are two sides to everything. This is also true about people.

Hopps: ...

J: The HR records here are intriguing. What do you make of this?

J: Some refugees have found employment in the White Zone—all floriculturists. There are about 1,400 of them, and all of them are working for that botanical institute you investigated.

Morridow: Huh? Surely the Flora Institute doesn't have that many vacancies?!

Angelia: This is confirmed in the ledger, and coincidentally, Powell is also the one who signed these receipts.

Angelia: This place has ties with both the orphanage and the botanical research institute.

J: So the GIP is really working with Paradeus?

Angelia: Most definitely, but we need more incontestable evidence.

Angelia: It wouldn't mean a thing to those bastards even if Ulrich threw what we've found at their faces.

Angelia: Lucia, how are things out there?

AK-12: There are more and more refugees surrounding the church.

AK-12: There are also people who don't look like refugees hidden in the crowd.

Angelia: We can't stay here for long.

Angelia: Renate, report.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Renate?

Ange attempts to establish contact with RPK-16, but before the call can connect, a thunderous explosion erupts in Zone A.

Hopps immediately moves Ange behind him, but Ange steps around him and stares outside the window in silence.

More refugees have taken to the disordered streets due to the noise and tremor of the explosion.

Morridow: What was that?!

Hopps: The enemy must be on the move.

AN-94: Ange, there was an explosion of unknown origin in Zone A. The refugees are getting agitated. This is bad.

Angelia: That must've been a signal. Someone is about to get serious.

AN-94: We can't get in touch with Renate or AK-15.

AN-94: Ange, their comms are offline.

AK-12: Is it because of the explosion?

Just then, the "silence" is shattered by the klaxons that are blaring throughout the settlement.

J: Good God, what is it this time?!

(Beep)

Hopps: Speaking. What? Then what should we do?

Hopps: ...Understood. We'll think of something.

Angelia: What's wrong?

Hopps: The garrison guarding the gates are sustaining casualties...

Hopps: Someone has activated the turrets along the wall. Those things are now firing indiscriminately.

Morridow: What?! Then...what about the refugees?!

Hopps: ...They will prevent anything from passing through the gates alive—us, the refugees, or even just a rat...

Angelia: Looks like someone is trying to start a riot. It's easier for them to act when everyone is distracted by the chaos.

Angelia: Yeah, even our escape route is no-go.

Angelia: Our only hope of getting out of here is that helicopter.

J: Isn't this supposed to be a disastrous situation?

J: Somehow you said that in the same tone as how someone would say, "oh drat, there's only bread for breakfast today."

Angelia: It's kinda like that, actually.

Angelia: Lucia, can you join us?

AK-12: I can jump in through the roof.

AK-12 leans out of the window but AN-94, sensing something wrong in the distance, immediately pulls her back inside.

Bullets smash the window to bits. The two Dolls switch positions and try to locate the shooter.

AK-12: Ange, someone's firing at us!

AK-12: Can you see them from where you are?

Angelia: I heard it. Holy crap, what the heck are those?

A row of automatons are advancing on the church with riot shields and submachine guns, muzzles flashing menacingly.

The surrounding refugees scatter in panic but a lot of them are shot.

Hopps: The garrison's anti-riot automatons. Have they also been hacked?

Angelia: Not necessarily.

J: Our pistols won't even leave a dent on them.

J: They're closing in fast!

Angelia: Lucia, can you hack them?

AK-12: I've tried, but they can't be accessed remotely at all.

AK-12: All their ports are closed.

Angelia: They know us and they came prepared.

Angelia: You have permission to use your weapons. Link up with us once you destroy those automatons.

Angelia: We'll be leaving soon.

AK-12: Acknowledged.

AK-12: Antje, get out our rifles and prepare to move.

AN-94: Right.

AN-94: We don't have much ammo with us so we need to make every shot count.

AK-12 takes a second to observe the situation. Under such intense enemy fire, it's impossible to reach the church by jumping across rooftops.

She and AN-94 promptly return to ground level. A few of the anti-riot automatons are charging straight toward the church. The two Dolls take out the closest ones from around the corner.

With the most imminent threats neutralized, AK-12 reloads and makes for the church while keeping her body close to the ground.

The automatons start shifting their attention to AN-94, who proceeds to switch positions and lay down suppressive fire. Meanwhile, AK-12 dives next to a refugee's corpse, using it as a meat shield while returning fire at the enemies.

AK-12: They're pretty slow. This won't be too difficult.

AN-94: Lucia, watch out!

The anti-riot automaton that got shot down in front of AK-12 suddenly blows up.

Understanding the dreadful implication, she scrambles quickly to her feet and dashes towards the church.

94 also makes a run for it under the cover of the billowing smoke. They both reach the perimeter of the church with lightning speed.

AK-12: Ange, get out of there!

AK-12: The automatons are rigged with explosives! This church can't withstand the impact!

Angelia: Shit! They must be insane. Everyone out the windows!! NOW!!

More exploding anti-riot automatons are trying to break into the church. AK-12 stops their approach with accurate shots.

But the explosions are getting dangerously close to this eighth-century church. The weathered stones and bricks are starting to shake.

Ange smashes one of the mosaic glass windows on the second floor and jumps out. The others promptly follow suit.

J: Where did they get this amount of explosives?!

J: What the hell are they trying to do?

Hopps: We can't stay here any longer! We should retreat to the wall!

Angelia: And get shot full of holes by those turrets?

Angelia: Follow me!

Angelia: Morridow, can you run?

Morridow: I...I suppose...

Angelia: When I give the word, run with all your might and do not stop!

Angelia: J, if she can't keep up, carry her.

J: Alright!

AK-12: Ange, go!

AK-12: We're almost out of ammo!

Angelia: We're leaving our backs to you!

Ange's group start running towards the residential area while the two Dolls cover their escape.

AN-94: ...We've got to go too.

AK-12: No, we need to stay just a little longer.

AN-94: But we're running dangerously low on ammo and those automatons are getting close.

AK-12: Trust me, trust Ange, and trust our stupid teammates.

AK-12: We have to make our stand here.

AN-94: ...

AN-94: Understood. I trust you.

AN-94: Enemy reinforcements incoming!

Anti-riot automatons are making a beeline for the church, but the DEFY Dolls shoot them down accurately one after the other.

AK-12: Tsk, I'm out of ammo.

AN-94: Lucia, straight ahead!

With only one Doll firing, one of the anti-riot automatons has made it to the entrance of the church. AN-94's final round hits it on a weak spot. It topples and slides along the muddy ground, stopping right next to a building.

The next second, the automaton erupts in a dazzling ball of fire. The impact causes the rickety building to collapse instantaneously.

When the smoke and dust finally settle, there is already no sign of AK-12 and AN-94.

...

In an abandoned house about 100 meters away, a person puts down their binoculars.

Unknown Personnel: Sir, two of the target's Tactical Dolls are confirmed to be KIA.

Distorted Voice: Acknowledged. The target's unit is down to four people, and we will encounter no further T-Doll intervention.

Unknown Personnel: Only four? What about the other two Dolls?

Distorted Voice: Unknown. Nobody has been in touch since the explosion in Zone A 15 minutes ago. We haven't heard from our recon unit or task force either.

Unknown Personnel: Did the Dolls wipe them out?

Unknown Personnel: But how is that possible? There are only two of them, and they're not armed with explosives. Don't tell me...

Unknown Personnel: Oh crap, it must be them. Those bastards are making their move.

Unknown Personnel: Is the ground unit ready to deploy?

Distorted Voice: Yes, all ready.

Unknown Personnel: Then tell them to get the fire burning. We've got work to do, brothers.

Distorted Voice: Understood. Do you have any instructions for Pigeon?

Unknown Personnel: No, Pigeon is free to use their discretion.

Meanwhile, in a room on the second floor of a building in Zone B that was formerly the Kunsthalle Bremen, a unit of masked and well-armed personnel are listening to this conversation.

Armed Operative: Your heard the man. Let's get to work.

Officer in Command: Finally, the foreplay is over. It's time we made our entrance.

Officer in Command: Since we're all showing our hand, don't blame me for not pulling my punches.

Officer in Command: These voodoo fanatics think they'll be bagging all the chips, but little do they know we still have an ace up our sleeve.

Officer in Command: Alright, listen up. I don't want any of them to leave the refugee settlement alive. Send them all to meet their beloved maker.

Armed Force: Yes, sir!

Ange's group move rapidly down the street while keeping their eyes on their surroundings.

Ange watches as wafts of black smoke billow into the sky. She knows what's producing them. Garbage and tires being burned. An omen of imminent pandemonium.

After looking left and right, Ange kicks open the door to a tall building and leads the others inside.

From the window upstairs, she can see that a massive crowd has been gathering. Dreadful howls fill the air.

Another explosion erupts in the distance. Morridow stares at Ange hesitantly.

There are questions she is burning to ask, but somehow she can't bring herself to voice them as she studies Ange's calm features.

J: The refugees are already on the verge of a riot in a matter of minutes.

J: The GIP aren't the only ones that have infiltrated the settlement. It looks like even Powell himself has been stirring the pot here. He must be far more influential than we thought.

Hopps: They rile up the refugees and start a riot; we conveniently "go missing" in the midst of this chaos and won't cause any more trouble.

Hopps: Did you expect this to happen, Frau Ange?

Angelia: Their plan isn't all that surprising. Actually, it's so logical it's almost unnerving.

Angelia: It's true that I didn't expect them to go to such great lengths just to eliminate us, but it's not over for us yet.

Angelia: We may still be able to capture Powell.

Hopps: Are you out of your mind?!

Hopps: How are we supposed to catch that bastard when all hell has broken loose out there?!

Hopps: We should find a safe location and wait for the helicopter to extract us!

Angelia: My Dolls have sent me Powell's last-known coordinates.

Angelia: I'm not leaving until I have him. If you're scared of the mess outside, stay here and keep Morridow safe.

Morridow: Huh?! Do we have to stay here?

Morridow: I'd rather go with Ange!

Hopps: Are you all insane?!

Hopps: I can't keep all of you safe out there without any extra help!

J: Don't worry, I will also guard the ladies with my life~

Angelia: With K being the only exception, do all German guys talk like idiots?

Angelia: Still, even though you're cringy as hell, I do appreciate the support.

Angelia: Well, Hopps? You can stay here by yourself if that's what you want.

Hopps: Tsk...!

Hopps: Fine, but we'd better hurry!

Hopps: Do you know where to find Powell?

Angelia: I'll manage.

Angelia: But hold on a sec. Something doesn't look right down there.

Morridow: The weird howling is getting closer...

Morridow: It sounds really scary...

Ange looks out of the window again.

Amid the rising black smoke and surging crowds, she catches sight of creatures that don't exactly look human.

Angelia: I knew you'd be here.

Angelia: It's time I dragged you out of your hidey hole...William.

...

Angelia: It took me two minutes...

Angelia: ...to regain consciousness.

Angelia: Then another ten minutes...

Angelia: ...writhing on the ground, getting back up, finding that damn box.

Angelia: It's silent, just like so many others who will never be heard from again.

Angelia: My leg hurts, yet all I can do is attempt some sort of first aid by wrapping my leg with my undone neckerchief.

Angelia: After that, I spend another minute...

Angelia: ...Pondering.

Angelia:

Angelia: ...Wondering if I'm still alive, or have already died.

Angelia: Finally, another ten seconds to come to the conclusion that...

Angelia: I'm still alive, but not for long.

...On the rooftop of a certain building in the refugee settlement.

Angelia: ...

Morridow: Ange...

Morridow: Is it really okay to leave her alone, all spaced out like that?

J: Give her some time to pull herself together.

Hopps: She's looking rather pale. Is she frightened by what we just saw...?

J: I think she's just lost in her own thoughts. Still, as gentlemen, we shouldn't pry too much into a lady's secrets.

J: Don't you agree, big guy?

Hopps: ...

Morridow: Oh, don't remind me... I'm trying very hard not to think about that...

...Several minutes ago.

Ange's group leapt from rooftop to rooftop, trying to evade the refugees rioting below them.

Morridow suddenly stopped in her tracks, as if she's found something.

Angelia: What's wrong? I told you not to stop.

Morridow: ...What's that?

Looking at where Morridow is pointing, Ange sees a pile of corpses in a dark corner.

One of the bodies stood out from the rest.

J: Is he under the influence of some kind of hallucinogen?

Hopps: No hallucinogen could cause this much damage. It almost looks like...

Angelia: ...An ELID mutant.

The corpse is dressed in rags like other refugees, the body ravaged by severe silicification. There's even some sort of crystal like object sticking out of its joints. There is also a huge gaping wound on the midsection of the monster, likely the only effective damage caused by explosives from its desperate victim. Its silificated skin is littered with a plenthora of scratches, bullet holes, lacerations...all signs of desperate struggle from its victim. Other than these corpses dressed in refugee rags, all kinds of weapons are also scattered on the ground. On the hands of one corpse, a radio still blinked brightly. It's clear these were those who were following Ange before.

The mutant continues to twitch, trying to free itself from the pile of bodies its entangled in.

From this distance, Ange couldn't tell if the other bodies are actually dead. What she was more bothered by is the yellow dust that drifted around the pile of bodies, and the scattered piles of yellow powder on the ground near them.

Angelia: It's not easy for an infected to turn into a mutant. Someone must be catalyzing the process.

Angelia: There are many in the settlement who suffer from ELID. If they all end up mutating, it'll be a lot scarier than a bunch of anti-riot dolls.

Morridow: Is the GIP so determined to kill us that they would resort to such extreme measures?

Angelia: This might not be the GIP's doing. On the contrary, someone could be sabotaging them.

Morridow: Sabotage? To...help us?

Angelia: I doubt it.

Angelia: Besides, would you really want help from someone who's capable of such atrocities?

J: Yo, you ain't lookin so hot, big fella.

J: Are mutants that scary to you?

Hopps: Shut up. I'm trying to think of a way to get us out of this mess. Ange, Judging from current circumstances, we should immediately move to a place with fewer refugees.

Hopps: The entrance has sturdier buildings, we should head that way.

Angelia: Did you forget about those anti-riot dolls that are chasing us?

Hopps: Where are your Dolls?

Angelia: Kicked the bucket, all of them. We're on our own.

Hopps: And you still haven't changed your mind about capturing Powell?

Angelia: That is correct.

Hopps: Then at least tell us your plan.

Hopps: Jumping across rooftops without knowing where we're going is hardly conducive.

Angelia: We're going to Powell's last-known coordinates, which Renate managed to send to me before her signal went dark.

Angelia: The stone structure just across the square should be the headquarters of the Bremen Refugee Support Center.

Angelia: To instigate such a large-scale riot, they must have a control center.

Angelia: That building has a good view over the entire settlement and is structurally secure—a perfect stronghold that would suit Powell's needs.

Hopps: You said it yourself, it's a perfect stronghold. With just the four of us...

J: Wipe that blood off your nose, big man. We're only discussing our next move, don't get so worked up!

Hopps: Huh? What?

Angelia: Your nose is bleeding too, J. Got any tissues, Morridow?

Ange gives the tissues that Morridow found in her bag to J and Hopps. She also takes one to wipe at her own bloody nose before tossing it away.

Hopps: Why are we getting nosebleeds?

Angelia: The wind's blowing the pollen up here. We need to get out of here.

Morridow: Pollen...?

Morridow: Like that time at the Flora Institute...?

J: More refugees are heading this way! They're coming straight for us!

Refugee: HERE, THE INTRUDERS!!!

Refugee: SEIZE THEM!!! AAAARGHHH!!!!

Angelia: The refugees have gone mad after inhaling the pollen. We need to shake them off.

Angelia: If there's no other option, then shoot them.

...Meanwhile, down in the streets, which are engulfed in chaos.

Powell: Hahahaha! Let them raise hell! Turn the entire settlement upside down!

Refugee?: Herr Powell, we have relayed your instructions.

Powell: Good. Now we just have to hunker down and wait for the storm to blow over.

Refugee?: Looks like things will finally quiet down in the coming days.

Powell: No, no, no, we can't let down our guard just yet.

Refugee?: Why? Other than those trapped lapdogs, who else would be a threat to you?

Powell: Don't get too cocky. We're just trying to make a living here.

Powell: Lots of people are still capable of snuffing us out. Being cocky is not the reason why I've survived for so long.

Powell: Those bastards from the GIP think they can just toss me aside when I'm no longer useful to them... After we're done with the PECMAR investigators, we must wipe them out as well!

Powell: We need more carnage! More destruction!

Powell: Empty our arsenal and arm all our brothers!

Refugee?: Understood! I'll go distribute weapons right away!

It did not take long for a large crowd to fill up the narrow streets.

Powell turns around and upon seeing his pursuers trapped by the mob, he lets out a victorious grin.
Part 2

2

...Somewhere in the refugee settlement.

Special explosives are being passed among people dressed in rags.

Refugee A: All supplies have been distributed. Mr. Powell has given the order!

Refugee B: Great! Kill anyone who isnt one of us! We've lived under their oppression for far too long! Today, we'll give those Krauts what they deserve!

Refugee C: Yes!!

Refugee C: I've been waiting for this!!

Refugee B: Come with me!

Refugee B: Spare no one!!

...Elsewhere in the refugee settlement.

???: Our advance unit got wiped out.

???: We've already failed once, we must not fail a second time.

???: Understood!

???: We all know what's at stake. If we fail to capture our target, all the sacrifices we have made will be for nothing.

???: So hold nothing back. Failure is not an option.

???: Yes, sir!

???: Let's go!

...Ange's group is en route to capturing Powell.

Her finger slides over the crisscrossing alleyways on the map.

Angelia: There are no more buildings ahead. We have to get back down onto ground level.

Hopps: Do you have a route planned?

Angelia: I like playing things by ear.

Hopps: ...You don't have to trust me.

Hopps: But you don't have be so suspicious either. I'm just trying to help.

Angelia: I'm not. The refugees' movements are erratic, so we can only adjust our route on the fly.

Angelia: Check your ammo, we're definitely going to get into some firefights.

Hopps: I still have four mags and an extra box of cartridges.

Hopps: But ammo reserve aside, there's no way we can fight so many insurgents with just our pistols. How many times do I have to explain this to you?

J: I also have four mags. Didn't know you're so bossy, Hopps. Thinking about jumping ship?

Hopps: ...I just want to drag us back to shore before we have the chance to drown.

Hopps: No intel, no plan, no reinforcements. No matter how you cut it, this is suicide.

Angelia: Stop complaining and keep up.

Angelia: Be quiet. Get ready to go inside the house.

Morridow: W-What's going on...?

A group of armed refugees are charging this way ferociously from across the street.

They're looking about as if searching for something.

Refugee A: They're gone...

Refugee B: Impossible. They've got to be nearby. They must be hiding in the ruins.

Refugee B: Find them!

J: How do they know where we are?

Angelia: Its not hard, we stick out like sore thumbs.

Angelia: Let's take a detour through the alley before moving to this area.

Hopps: How do you know we won't run into any refugees this way?

Angelia: I don't, but I do know that if we don't go now, the refugees in that building over there will happily skin us alive.

Hopps: !!!

Morridow: Where are they?!

J: Just go!

Refugee A: They're running! Don't let them get away!

Refugee B: Catch them!!!

Refugee C: Go!!!

As the refugees come charging at them, the group of four spare no time and take off immediately.

Hopps: We should go south! The terrain is more varied there; I'm confident we can shake them off!

Angelia: No, we keep going west!

Hopps: Are you...

Hopps: Are you joking? The refugees are coming from the west.

Ange ignores him and runs straight into an alley leading to the west.

Hopps has no choice but to follow.

Morridow: Hopps...

Morridow: Ange probably thinks that since the refugees are coming from this direction, we can be certain Powell is indeed at the Refugee Support Center HQ.

Hopps: She's only concerned about capturing Powell. She doesn't give a damn about us!

J: Quit whining, focus on running instead.

Bangbangbang!

A series of gunshots go off behind them.

Morridow: Aaaaah!

J: Don't be afraid! I'll cover you from behind!

Angelia: Don't stop! Keep heading west! The enemies are exchanging fire with each other!

Refugee A: They're here!

Refugee B: Bro, we've got coppers! The damn coppers are behind us! Argh!

Refugee C: Oh, for God's sake!

Refugee C: We'll stay and hold them back! You go after those bastards!

Shots keep being fired to the south of the crossroads. Just as Ange's group think they have shaken off their pursuers...

More refugees come charging at them from the alley ahead.

Refugee A: There they are!

Refugee B: Kill them!

J: Are we covered in homing beacons or something?!

Angelia: Dammit, there are too many refugees in the settlement.

Hopps: If we had gone south as I suggested, we'd be safe by now.

J: How do you know we won't be ambushed in the south?

Morridow: Ange... Maybe we can head south first to shake off the refugees?

Angelia: No, we are not turning back!

Hopps: ...

J: Are you thinking what I'm thinking?

Angelia: Our enemies are busy shooting each other behind us. We can draw the people coming from the west over there. They want chaos? We'll stoke the fire.

Hopps: And how are you planning to get out of the fire yourself?

Angelia: I'll leave that to your expertise.

Angelia: The more out of hand the situation gets, the more opportunities we have.

Hopps: ...This is crazy.

Morridow: Hopps, show Ange some faith.

Hopps: Do I even have a choice? I wish I could be as optimistic as you.

Morridow: ...It can't be helped. I don't want to imagine what the refugees would do if they got their hands on us.

Morridow: Right now we need to work together as a team. Let's catch up with Ange!

Bangbangbang!

Using their limited supply of ammo, the group of four sprint towards the chaotic firefight.

Unknown Personnel: Chief, requesting precise coordinates. Requesting precise coordinates. The crossfire is getting out of hand. We require precise coordinates.

Other End of the Comms: ...

Unknown Personnel: Dammit, I can't get in touch with the chief. These refugees are bad news. We're taking too many casualties. At this rate, we're going to lose our target.

Armed Operative: Forget about the refugees and avoid contact. Our field unit just reported back. We've found Sparrow. Now it's only a matter of time until the Pigeon comes for it.

Unknown Personnel: Splendid! Make it so.

...On the other side of the refugee settlement, a few people are observing the crossfire from an abandoned building.

Attendant: Mr. Powell, the rats have fled.

Powell: Those German imbeciles. They're the first to run when it truly matters.

Refugee A: Mr. Powell? Mr. Powell! ...Where are you?

Refugee A: I've got news!

Powell: What is it?

Refugee A: Sorry, we've lost her.

Refugee A: The bitch took off like the wind in the melee.

Powell: Doesn't matter. This is our turf, she can't hide for long.

Powell: ...Hold on, how did you get in here? What about my guards outside?

Refugee A: Guards? What guards?

Refugee A: I didn't see anyone when I came in.

Attendant: Oh no, Mr. Powell. You've got to...

Powell: Yes, I know.

Powell: You! Take a few men and set up defenses here. Have some of your friends inspect this block.

Powell: Open fire if they see anyone suspicious!

Refugee A: Yes, Mr. Powell!

Powell: ...Let's go. It's a bad idea to stay here any longer.

Powell: These rats sure have sharp teeth.

Powell promptly leaves through the window under the protection of his entourage.

15 minutes later, in the same room.

Three armed agents decked in high-quality gear interrogate the last survivor in the building with a picana connected to a car battery.

Armed Agent A: Where did the fatso go? Say it!

Refugee A: (Spits) Damn cop... AAAARGHHH!!!

Armed Agent B: Vice-cap, the block has been cleared out. Just a bunch of goons, no sign of Sparrow.

Armed Agent A: Got it. Notify the local teams to scout Zone C3.

Armed Agent A: Have Team A head north and get Team B to catch up with Pigeon. He shouldn't have gone too far.

Armed Agent A: He is bound to mess up if we keep up the pressure. They're not pros.

Armed Agent B: Roger! And what do we do with this guy?

The leader unholsters his pistol and shoots the refugee still being electrocuted in the thigh.

Refugee A: GAAHHHH!!!

Armed Agent A: I'll pry the information out of him. Any more questions?

Armed Agent B: No, sir!

Armed Agent A: Then carry on with your orders.

Armed Agent B: Yes, sir!
Part 3

3

...The group zigzags through the network of alleyways in the refugee settlement.

They are still being pursued.

Bangbangbang!

Morridow looks back in fright. A stray bullet grazes her leg in the split second when she hesitates.

Morridow: Aaah!

J: Morridow!

She crashes heavily onto the ground and the refugees close behind are rearing to pounce on her.

Refugee: We'll see how far you can run, little bitch!

J: Ange, cover me!

Angelia: Got it!

J: Get on!

J hurriedly grabs a wine bottle lying on the street and smashes it into one of the refugees' face, then he picks up Morridow and runs back to the others.

His brutal attack causes the other refugees to pause, but they soon remember their objective.

Angelia: Quick!

With Morridow in his arms, J catches up with the group under Ange's cover fire.

J: Phew... That was close.

Morridow: Thanks, J...

Angelia: And here I thought you were all talk. Turns out you've actually got some moves.

J: I've never lost a bar fight, you know.

Hopps: Ange, do you still have ammo? Also—

J: Wait, let me give you Morridow first. I've still got some ammo.

Ange takes Morridow from J and hoists her up her back.

Angelia: Good. I only have one last mag.

Angelia: J, you and Hopps are to give us cover.

Angelia: And what was it you were going to ask?

Hopps: Ange, are you certain your objective remains unchanged?

Angelia: Positive.

Hopps: Alright then. We're just a block away from the support center.

Hopps: We need to be on our guard.

Angelia: Of course.

Meanwhile, in a corner in the next block.

Armed Agent B: All teams, buckle up. Sparrow is heading towards Zone B. I repeat—Sparrow is heading towards Zone B.

Unknown Personnel: Acknowledged. Command finally got in touch. The cage is go. Repeat—the cage is go.

Armed Agent B: Understood. Please give us the location.

...

...On the other side of the refugee settlement.

Attendant: Mr. Powell, this way! Please hurry!

Powell: How many men do we have left?

Attendant: Only 6 of your guards remain.

Powell: What about in other zones?

Attendant: They're trying to get here as fast as they can, but they got held up. The comms just went down—enemy interference, probably.

Attendant: What do we do?

Powell: They're going all out, eh? We're going back.

Attendant: Pardon? Sorry, what was that again?

Powell: We're heading back to the support center. Can't be helped. We'll have to use that again.

Attendant: But what about the higher-ups?

Powell: They'll understand. They don't really have any other choice.

Attendant: Understood.
Part 4

4

...Zone B, Refugee Settlement.

Refugee A: Any word?!

Refugee B: No, the connection keeps failing...

Refugee A: But the signal isn't down...

Refugee B: Has...has Mr. Powell left us behind?

Refugee A: The mission failed all because of our incompetence...

Just then, the sound of rapid footsteps can be heard from above.

Refugee A: What?! Are they here already?!

Refugee B: Hush... Run!

???: Confirmed. Commencing clean-up.

Bangbangbang!

Refugee A: Ugh...

Refugee A: Are we...finally free...?

???: Yep, congratulations, trash. You're free.

Bang!

...In an alley inside the refugee settlement.

The feeble gunfire is utterly futile against the massive wave that comes crashing in.

The enemies are elusive, but there's no doubt about it—danger is stalking Powell and his followers.

Attendant: Mr. Powell, watch out— ARGH!

Powell's right-hand man jumps in front of him and is shot by a bullet that has seemingly come out of nowhere.

However, there is no time for Powell to grieve. He stumbles along and finally reaches the refugee support center branch located in the Bremen Ratskeller.

By then, only two of his guards are still with him.

???: Surrender, Herr Powell.

His hunters call out to him outside the ratskeller.

They are being surrounded.

???: I don't know what you have hiding in here, Herr Powell, but you're finished. There is nowhere to run, so how about you all just lay down your weapons. It's game over.

???: I really wish I don't have to kill you. After all, we're still friends.

Powell: Friends? As long as I'm still useful to you, you mean.

???: That's a bit blunt, but yes, you can think of it that way.

???: You know, things would not have gotten so ugly if you had just played nice.

Powell: You forced my hand!

Powell: If I'm to be a sacrificial pawn, then I'm bringing you down with me!

???: Save your breath and spare me this nonsense.

???: I'm coming down. Keep your lackeys on a tight leash. If anybody shoots, I'll have to resort to hand grenades.

Bodyguard: What now, Mr. Powell?

Powell's bodyguards eye him questioningly. He says nothing as he stares at the only entrance to the ratskeller.

Powell: Are you willing to die for the freedom that we seek?

He asks his followers quietly.

Bodyguard: Of course. We wouldn't be alive if it hadn't been for you.

Powell: Then put down your weapons.

Bodyguard: What?!

Powell: Trust me.

A group of well-armed operatives walk down the stairs. Powell recognizes the leader even through the mask.

Powell: My men didn't die in vain. I wasn't expecting you to come, Lieutenant Butler.

Powell: An officer of the mighty garrison coming after me in person... Why degrade yourself like that?

Armed Operative: Looks like you haven't done your homework. We've already implied who's in the main cast here.

Powell: I don't have time for your riddles. What do you want?

Armed Operative: You know exactly what I want. What we all want. Your ledger.

Powell: You want to destroy the evidence of our partnership?

Powell: ...How do I know you won't kill me after I give it to you?

Armed Operative: You don't, but you don't have a choice either.

Armed Operative: Either you hand it over yourself or I search your dead body for it.

Powell: ...

Powell: ...

Powell: Fine, I suppose I'll just hand it over.

Powell reaches into his breast pocket and retrieves an item.

He raises an arm and bellows.

Powell: FIRE!

His two bodyguards raise their weapons immediately.

Bangbangbang!

But they are just a little too slow. The two men are shot full of holes in an instant.

However, this has given Powell the opportunity to throw something onto the floor while covering his mouth and nose with his left hand.

Yellow smoke permeates the cellar in a matter of seconds.

Powell knows that a normal adult will not last longer than a minute in such concentrated smoke.

He simply has to get out before the pollen settles. He sprints towards the wall of the cellar.

Bang!

However, a bullet whisks through the smoke and penetrates his lower leg. He falls in pain and disbelief in front of a row of large wooden wine barrels that must have been centuries old.

The operatives, who are armed to the teeth, emerge from the smoke.

The leader lifts his infrared goggles and reveals that he's wearing an oxygen mask.

Armed Operative: You underestimate me. You really think I wouldn't be prepared against your worthless hallucinogen?

Armed Operative: You think too little of the armed forces, Powell.

Armed Operative: Maybe I should take off your gas mask and let you have a taste of your own medicine.

Powell: You treacherous Krauts!

Armed Operative: Now, now, no reason to be vicious. We both know we've only been taking advantage of each other.

Armed Operative: And that this mutually-beneficial relationship is bound to end someday.

Powell: So you really have no idea what this is.

Powell: But that doesn't matter anymore. It's people you want, right?

Powell: Then...why don't you look behind you?

Just then, a monstrous, blood-curdling growl comes from behind them. The armed unit turn around out of reflex and are greeted by a nightmarish sight.

The two men that were shot repeatedly—that should have been lying on the floor—are now standing upright.

They aren't men anymore. They are monsters.

Their clothes are torn by the jagged crystalline clumps protruding from their joints, exposing skins that are covered in faded marks of silicification.

But the most frightening of all is the crystallization that is already occurring within the freshly inflicted bullet holes all over their bodies.

If experts on Relic technology were present, they would realize what the two men are turning into right away.

Zombies infected with Eurosky Low-Emission Infectious Disease, or simply known as ELIDs.

Armed Operative: Powell you son of a...!!!

The leader's exclamation is cut short because there is suddenly no sign of Powell anywhere inside the cellar.

They are the only ones who are still enclosed with the two monsters.

Meanwhile, in the Bremen Ratskeller.

The elevator goes up a level. This elevator hidden inside one of the gigantic medieval barrels is a secret known only to a few.

This secret has saved Powell once again.

Powell stumbles out of the elevator and leans painfully against the desk in the secret chamber.

Powell: Dammit, I still got hit.

Powell: I need to stop the bleeding...

???: Here, bandages.

Powell: Oh, thanks...

He starts sweating uncontrollably.

He turns around and finds someone sitting at the desk.

The woman who just offered him bandages is pointing a pistol straight at him.

Of course, he knows that she is Angelia.

Angelia: I've finally got you, Powell.

Angelia: We have a lot to talk about.

Powell: This is impossible. The entrance is locked!

Angelia: You're right, this is a safe house for visiting senior state officials.

Angelia: But I also happen to have with me a secretary who has participated in state visits in the past.

She gestures at the young woman standing behind her.

The young woman smirks in amusement.

Powell: ...You took advantage of our infighting... How did you slip past my brethren?

Angelia: Your brethren are pretty much all wiped out by the anti-riot dolls. You think a few guns would win you a war against a military force armed to the teeth?

Angelia: Though, your followers did manage to pin down those corrupt cops, so its still a win-win scenario for you.

Powell: You bitch!

Angelia: Whatever you say. Alright, we should take you somewhere nice before your nasty little war is over.

Angelia: J, tie him up.

Angelia: J? Didn't you hear me?

Hopps: I don't think he can hear you, Angelia.

Angelia: ...?!

Hopps emerges from the shadow.

He drags an unconscious J along and drops him onto the floor.

Hopps: He tried to put up a fight, as futile as it was.

Hopps: The same goes for you, you don't have much ammo left. Don't make things difficult and put down your gun.

Hopps: I don't wish to hurt a future collaborator but if you leave me no choice...

Morridow shuffles closer to Ange in fear. Ange falls silent for a moment before lowering her pistol.

Hopps: There's a good girl. Now cuff that fatty.

Ange takes out a pair of handcuffs and puts them around Powell's wrists. Then she knocks him off his feet with a casual kick.

Angelia: Finally dropping the act then, Mr. Nationalist?

Angelia: Our itinerary kept getting leaked; I knew we had a mole among us.

Morridow: Hopps!

Morridow: How could you?!

Hopps: Shut up, girl. The grown-ups are talking.

Hopps: That's right, it was me all along.

Hopps: You've suspected me since the start, haven't you?

Angelia: I'm suspicious of everyone.

Angelia: So tell me, why would a member of the GIP infiltrate PECMAR as a spy?

Hopps: Why? That hardly matters anymore, does it?

Angelia: Didn't you mention something about a future collaboration?

Angelia: Then at least show some sincerity.

Angelia: Tell me why. You're not doing it for the money. Your service record is immaculate and you have a bright future ahead of you. It's not out of vengeance either. You're one of the few federal soldiers who passed the political vetting process, and the Unity Party government has done nothing to wrong you.

Hopps: You've looked me up quite thoroughly.

Angelia: I want to know...

Angelia: How long do you think the GIP will endure when it becomes increasingly obvious that the Rossartrists are working together with the Neo-Soviet Union?

Hopps: ...

Angelia: Answer me, Wolfgang Hopps, former senior master sergeant of the Kommando Spezialkräfte.

Angelia: What exactly did I miss? Tell me why you believe the so-called future lies with a junk heap of a far-right nationalist party like the GIP.

Angelia: Forgive me for being blunt. After all, if we are to be collaborators, I need to think ahead.

Hopps: You've got guts. No wonder you're such a valuable asset.

Hopps: Alright, I'll answer your question. First of all, my name is not Hopps. I am Franz Schreck. I was indeed a platoon leader in the 2nd Commando Company of the KSK during the war, but what you Stasi don't know...

Hopps gives J, who is sprawled on the floor, a kick.

Hopps: ...is that I am also an intelligence officer at the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution. As for why I'm doing this... I'm doing this to restore my country to its full glory, of course!

Angelia: What, you want to resurrect the Third Reich?

Hopps: Hahahahaha!

Hopps: The GIP is just a useful signboard that attracts an endless supply of malcontent rats who make perfect fodder for us.

Hopps: The questions you should be asking are—how is it possible for us to infiltrate the protective security unit of the PECMAR chairwoman herself? Why is the Stasi unaware of my identity? How come we have the capability to wipe out the rioters in the settlement today?

Just then, the elevator to the hidden chamber chimes again. The doors open to reveal the armed unit.

All the operatives are wounded, but not too severely.

Armed Operative: Cap, you could've told us you're here already. We thought you'd lost control of the situation.

Hopps: What happened down there?

Armed Operative: We lost three of our men, but we eliminated the rioters.

Armed Operative: These bastards released some highly radioactive pollen; good thing none of us inhaled any, so we should be fine.

The leader steps roughly on Powell's leg wound as he says so.

Powell: (Groans)

Armed Operative: Shut up, Saukerl.

Hopps: Returning to the subject at hand, Frau Angelia, we lost the last war. We failed to defend German blood and soil, as well as this fragile Volksgemeinschaft. We lost to you.

Hopps: I concur that the victors are at liberty to deal with the losers however they want, so I have no complaint about that. However, I will never allow my country—a country that my comrades and I protected with our lives—to be handed over to a bunch of Rossartrist zealots who live in fantasy and those corpse-worshipping fanatics in the Yellow Zone.

Hopps: Many, many others share my sentiment. We have far more support than what you imagine.

Hopps: Guys, tell this devochka of the Neo-Soviet Union who we are.

All Armed Personnel: GSG 9 der Bundespolizei!

Angelia: ...

Hopps: Right, by now you must have a pretty good idea about our capability. It's my turn to ask questions

Hopps: Frau Angelia, what do you want?

Angelia: I want world peace. I want children to be spared from living in strife and fear.

Hopps: ...Quite the jokester you are, Frau Angelia.

Angelia: Life is hard in this line of work if one doesn't have a sense of humor.

Hopps: You're absolutely right. So can you tell me how you plan to achieve world peace?

Angelia: I'm a simple woman. I never risk my life for lofty aspirations.

Angelia: All I want right now is some decent money and a quiet life. It's hard having bloodsuckers on the payroll.

Hopps: I was expecting a higher price from someone like you.

Hopps: Money, freedom... These are all easy demands to meet, so easy they're almost dull.

Hopps: As long as you give us what we want, we will never let anyone lay a finger on you, not even the refugees.

Hopps: That's right, we're the ones actually in charge here.

Angelia: This is just a refugee settlement. Surely this is not all you have for show after that grand speech of yours?

Hopps: Certainly not, though the rest of the demonstration will have to take place at a safer location.

Hopps: So please come along, Frau Ange. I would not like to use violence against a future partner.

The armed operatives start edging closer to Ange.

Morridow: Ange...

Hopps: Oh, I almost forgot.

Hopps: Before we set off, we should eliminate the final witness.

Black muzzles are trained on Morridow.

Hopps: What a pity for the sweet and diligent secretary to meet her end under such unfortunate circumstances.

Hopps: But don't worry, I'll tell Chairwoman Ulrich of the "truth"...

Hopps: Auf Wiedersehen, Frau Morridow. It's been a pleasure working with you.

Morridow: N-No!

Morridow pleads weakly, but her eyes betray no fear at all.

She stares unblinkingly at Hopps, her body tense like a nocked arrow.

She holds her hand behind her back, as if waiting for her fate in resignation, but in fact, she is reaching for her lifeline—a movement that Ange recognizes immediately.

An idea flashes in Ange's mind.

Angelia: I have another request.

Hopps: You want me to spare her?

Angelia: Not that. You've heard the story, right? The one about a band formed by a rooster, a cat, a dog, and a donkey.

Angelia: I want a ticket to a concert given by the Town Musicians of Bremen.

Angelia: No, make that five tickets. I want to see it with my own band.

Hopps: This is hardly the time for jokes.

Angelia: What makes you think I'm joking?

BOOM!

At the sound of the mighty crash, the wall to the side is smashed to pieces. A tall figure steps through the hole and sends one of the armed operatives flying with a strong kick.

AK-15: Am I late?

Angelia: Please don't be late ever again. I'm not sure if I can come up with another stupid joke to buy time for you.

Hopps: How are you still alive?!

Angelia: I didn't find this place with just my gut feeling, dumbass!

Armed Operative: Captain, behind you!

Hopps: What?!

RPK-16: Today is such a beautiful day. The world is ablaze and humans have all turned into moths, fluttering among the flames.

Hopps: Another Doll?!

Hopps: Where did she come from?!

RPK-16: Maybe it is in a moth's nature to self-destruct?
Part 5

    5chevron_right

...Inside the church in the refugee settlement.

The place is littered with corpses, their once warm blood slowly growing cold.

Hopps is shoved onto the floor. He has only suffered some minor injuries, but his face is as pallid as that of a cold corpse.

Morridow: What sacrilege it is to kill on hallowed ground...

Morridow: But thank God you made it here in time.

Morridow: Thank you so much, Frau Renate and Frau Erwin.

AK-15: Don't thank me. It's all part of Ange's plan.

RPK-16: Mr. Hopps, what do you think of my knotting?

RPK-16: And Mr. Powell, nice to meet you. What, not even a handshake?

Hopps: ...

Powell: ...

Hopps glowers in silence while Powell has already passed out since the moment AK-15 broke through the wall.

Ange walks up to J and kneels down to check on him.

Angelia: J, wake up.

J: ...

RPK-16: Mr. J, if you keep playing dead, AK-15 will smash something again right next to you.

J: ...

RPK-16: Oh dear, he's actually out cold.

Angelia: His vital signs are stable though, so he'll live.

RPK-16: What terrible news.

Angelia: Indeed, but there are more not-so-terrible news.

Ange looks out the window. Sounds of the approaching police cars, ambulances, and armed helicopter grow clearer and clearer.

K: Ange, we'll be there in five minutes. How are things on your end?

Angelia: We've got Powell, and we've also exposed the GIP mole. It's Hopps.

Angelia: Nothing serious happened, though J has taken quite a beating.

K: Really?

K: Then stay where you are. Be there in three minutes.

The call ends.

Angelia: He's dying to see J looking like a lumpy ragdoll.

Morridow: Ange... About Hopps...

Angelia: Don't worry, I won't let Chairwoman Ulrich be implicated.

Angelia: We'll hand him over to K. His old prison life will probably be heaven compared to what he's about to go through.

Morridow: Uh... Isn't that a bit excessive?

Hopps: Enough with your false pity, hypocrites.

Morridow: What do you mean...?

Hopps: Don't you understand? Where were you in 2053?

Morridow: What are you talking about?

Hopps: What about 2058?

Angelia: I don't like it when people beat around the bush. What's your point?

Hopps: You want to know why I'm doing this?

Hopps: Take a proper look at this refugee settlement and you tell me why.

Hopps: The Volkskammer once told us to fight for our people, to fight for justice, so we sacrificed everything for the sake of this land, and in return, this is what we get in return! Germany has to exploit its own people to feed these refugees!

Hopps: Even the GIP, whose "endurance" you're so dubious of, pay more than the meager minimum wage set by the government! 7 Mark and 34 Pfennig is nothing!

Angelia: Tsk, so it is about money after all.

Angelia: But that's okay, at least you're more down-to-earth than an old friend of mine.

Angelia: Only those who are in touch with reality deserve sympathy.

Hopps: What do you know?!

Hopps: Veterans and elites in the armed forces can barely afford to put food on the table, while PECMAR is burning money to house this group of human swines!

Hopps: This is not why we've bled for this country!

Ange shakes her head and walks off, ignoring Hopps.

RPK-16: I thought you were going to continue this breath-wasting debate.

Angelia: The aforementioned old friend has taught me that it's impossible to change the minds of people like that.

Angelia: At least it's not something I can do. Perhaps the old geezer is better at this sort of stuff.

RPK-16: But wasn't he the one who dumped all this trouble onto you in the first place?

Angelia: At least I've learned that idiots are all alike after going through all this trouble.

Morridow puts down her communicator and walks up to Ange.

Morridow: Ange, I just got in touch with Chairwoman Ulrich.

Morridow: She has something very important to tell you, but she must do that in person.

Morridow: The aircraft you summoned is almost here. Let's travel directly to her office.

Angelia: Alright.

Angelia: Once we've wrapped things up here, I'll go see the chairwoman with you. We can give her a report of our investigations while we're at it.

...Somewhere.

???: We've failed.

???: They have Hopps...

???: Hopps is a tough guy. He won't tell them anything.

???: But what are we gonna do?

???: Get on the boat. First of all, we must survive. As long as we're alive, we haven't lost.

Under the intervention of multiple parties in Germany, the riot within the refugee settlement is soon snuffed out.

Hopps and Powell are taken away for further investigation while K arrives at the scene with reinforcements.

K: Ange, where's J?

Angelia: Aren't you going to at least ask about what happened?

K: Don't be ridiculous. Just tell me where he is.

Angelia: There, lying in the corner.

K immediately takes off running with the a team of paramedics in tow.

Morridow: Herr K must be very close with Herr J. That's why he's so concerned when he heard that Herr J is...

Before Morridow can finish, K emits a low chuckle as he towers over J.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: I've never heard Herr K laugh so happily...

Angelia: And I've never heard such sleazy laughter. Oh, Erwin?

AK-15: Yes, Ange.

Angelia: You and Renate go get yourselves patched up.

Angelia: We'll meet up at the safe house later.

AK-15: Roger.

Morridow: What about the other two Dolls?

Angelia: They're destroyed.

Angelia: But don't worry, they've left backups. We'll just activate their spare bodies once we're back at the safe house.

Angelia: Let's go talk to Chairwoman Ulrich first. There's a lot we need to fill her in.

Morridow: Right. The aircraft just landed. Perfect timing.

Angelia: Good. Where is it?

Morridow: At the square just outside the church.

Angelia: Got it.

J: Going so soon, Morridow?

Angelia: Up on your feet already?

J: Being the hopes and dreams of so many lovely ladies, I can't keel over just like that.

Angelia: (Rolls eyes)

Morridow: I was just about to check on you. Looks like that won't be necessary.

J: Oh, no, I'm actually feeling really lousy.

J: Still, I didn't know you cared so much about me.

Morridow: You're mistaken. I just wanted to drink in how battered you look after you got the living crap beaten out of you.

J: ...The prettier the girl, the better she lies.

Morridow: Teehee~

J: When this whole business is over, can I take you out for some coffee?

J: How does Arabica beans sound? I know a really good coffee place that makes those.

Morridow: Sure, I'm up for it.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: I seem to be...intruding on something here?

J: Oh, you're still here.

K: Stop hitting on girls, J! Go and lie down inside the ambulance!

J: Alright, alright.

J: We have a date then, Morridow!

Morridow: Right!

J: By the way, Ange.

Angelia: Yes?

J: You know what I'm talking about, right?

Angelia: I suppose? It's not about coffee, is it?

J: Hahaha, you got it! It is exactly about coffee. Make sure you remember, okay?

J: I have a feeling we'll meet again.

Angelia: Then your feeling is wrong.

J: Hahahaha!

J is carried away on a stretcher.

Morridow: I'll go and sort out the landing procedures for the aircraft. Wait for me here, okay?

Angelia: Sure.

K: Ange, a moment of your time.

...In a quiet corner.

Angelia: You've also noticed, haven't you?

K: Bremen feels like a trap laid beforehand.

K: They know about every step we take before we take it.

Angelia: The enemy is obviously hidden even more deeply than we imagined.

K: You mean Hopps?

Angelia: No, the GIP doesn't have that kind of influence. It must be something else.

Angelia: What happened here in the refugee settlement was way too complicated. It wouldn't have gotten so out of hand if they had been the only ones involved.

Angelia: I doubt they could manage anything bigger than this.

K: You're right. The GIP couldn't have planned everything since your investigation at the Flora Institute.

Angelia: Back at the institute, someone wiped all the data before we arrived.

Angelia: Whoever did it must have an extremely high-level security clearance. Even Leone knew nothing about it.

Angelia: At the end of the day, she was just another pawn.

K: We're trying our best to recover the data at the Flora Institute. Hopefully we'll be able to salvage some of them.

Angelia: What happened at the orphanage was very strange as well. According to the intelligence report, those children were being used as test subjects.

Angelia: But they don't appear to be abused or mistreated.

K: Guinea pigs that are well taken care of, huh...

Angelia: Powell might have been just one of their multiple channels of transporting children. They only hired a thug like him to cover up the full extent of their trafficking network.

Angelia: He operated as a representative of the GIP and handed the children over to Paradeus.

Angelia: All the transactions took place within the refugee settlement, making them impossible to trace.

Angelia: But even so, he's probably also unaware of Paradeus' inner workings.

Angelia: William's direct subordinate most likely hasn't shown their face at all; that's how well hidden they are.

Angelia: I believe even Hopps was completely kept in the dark.

Angelia: He might not even know about the arrangement between the housemother and Powell.

K: I will question Hopps myself later.

Angelia: Then there's this refugee settlement.

K: We noticed some strange powder on the road during previous recon missions. We've sent it to the labs but they haven't got back to us yet.

Ange hands K a spent casing she has picked up.

Angelia: I originally thought it was a dirty bomb with Collapse contaminant, but the ELIDs we encountered in the settlement were different.

Angelia: Now that I think about it, it could be related to the flowers at the Flora Institute.

K: ...

K: I'll investigate the origin of this shell.

Morridow: Ange! Ange!

Angelia: I'm here.

Morridow: The aircraft has landed.

Angelia: Okay, I'll be right there.

K: Go talk to Chairwoman Ulrich first.

Angelia: Yeah. Make sure my Dolls are all properly repaired.

Angelia: We'll have the answers once I meet the chairwoman.

...On the freighter.

Morridow: Sorry, Frau Ange. I know freighters aren't as comfortable as civil aircrafts...

Angelia: It's no big deal.

Morridow: Ange... May I catch a wink on your shoulder?

Angelia: Go ahead.

Morridow: Heheh, thanks!

Morridow: I did so much running today my bones feel like falling apart.

Angelia: Get some rest.

Ange pats Morridow gently on the head.

With a loud whir, the freighter takes off into the blue sky.

Morridow: It's been such a long day. I'm glad it's finally over...

Angelia: Indeed.

The refugee settlement is no longer within sight, but Ange can imagine what it looks like right now.

Under the setting sun, the blazing flames are doused; pillars of pale smoke rise, blending into the twilight.

If God really existed, He would probably find hope in the ruins.

Inside the Griffin base, the Café has finally returned to its usual hustle and bustle as more and more Dolls are revived.

The commotion-loving Dolls are gathered here, toasting each other happily to celebrate their rebirth.

Now that the last of the Sangvis plant investigation missions are over, the Dolls have dragged me to this crowded place.

After fooling around with them for a while, the Dolls finally lose interest in messing with me, and I can free myself to get a drink.

I look around at the venue and finally spot Kalina in a dimly-lit corner.

She looks completely exhausted. Clearly she must have spent many sleepless nights to get the Dolls back into normal working order.

I hesitate briefly, then head over to her, drink in hand.

I stand beside her and tilt my head, questioning. She looks up at me, then lowers her head once more.

Fortunately, she hasn't fled this time, so I take it as implicit permission to sit at the same table.

Commander: Still angry?

Kalina: Not really...

Commander: Then why aren't you having fun with the others?

Kalina: I'm scared that I won't be able to see something like this again, so I want to sit aside and just watch quietly.

Commander: ...For some reason, gloomy things like that sound strange coming from you.

Kalina: Hey, even I can feel down at times, you know!

Commander: So you're still mad, huh...

I take another look at Kalina, and I suddenly realize that in spite of all the battles she has experienced, she's still just a girl in her twenties.

I've always taken her strength and reliability as a given, and my taking her for granted, combined with my presumptuousness, must have been very hurtful.

Kalina is still rather huffy. She opens her mouth as if to speak, but changes her mind after a hesitant pause.

After some thought, I've come to the conclusion that since she got angry because of me, I should be the one to offer an olive branch.

Commander: It's been nearly a week. Have you decided what you're going to do yet?

Kalina's eyes darken at the question. She takes a sip out of her drink and redirects the question to me in a nonchalant tone.

Kalina: Have YOU decided what you're going to do, Commander?

Commander: Hm... Well, since the Dolls are all repaired...

Commander: Naturally, we ought to put them through a standard 24-day course of combat simulations.

Commander: We need to get our Dolls back into shape. I'm guessing you may need to spend a bit more time fine-tuning them.

Kalina: Oh... Wait, what?? So...you're not going to leave us?

Commander: I never ever said I would leave...

Kalina: R...Really?

Kalina: So you're really not going to quit your post?

Commander: I told you, didn't I? I threw that Green Zone ID pass into the trash on the first day. It's probably in pieces in the garbage disposal now.

Kalina: Yeah, I know that.

Kalina: But you never gave me a definite answer, and you told me to go off by myself...

Commander: I was kidding, of course. I'd have a really hard time if you actually left.

Commander: After all, I don't want to take all that logistics work onto myself.

Kalina: Really?

Kalina: You're not lying to me again, are you?

Commander: But I never lied to you in the first place...

Commander: If you don't believe me, you can search my body and see if that ID pass is still there.

Commander: And if that doesn't work for you, you can search my room too.

Commander: But right now, I'm not going anywhere.

Kalina: Com...Commander, you...you big jerk! I was so worried!

Kalina: Do you know what I've been going through this whole week?

Kalina: Not a day went by when I wasn't thinking about what I'd do if you suddenly decided to leave us!

Kalina: I was...worried sick...every day... (Sobs)

Commander: I...I'm sorry... At first I was just messing with you.

Commander: But I didn't expect you to give me the cold shoulder after that...

Kalina: That's because I WAS mad!

Kalina: I was thinking, "If you're going to suddenly vanish someday, then I should just keep my distance from you!"

Commander: I...I see... But then why...

Kalina: But I...I just couldn't do it!

Kalina: I was going to avoid you altogether, but I found myself in the Command Room each day before I realized it!

Commander: I...I'm so sorry...

Commander: How about this... Wait, let me think... Ah, I've got it! As an apology, why don't we swap jobs?

Kalina: What?!

Commander: That is to say, you get to be the Commander and give me orders, and I'll be your adjutant. I mean, we don't have any missions pending, so we can probably do it for a day...

Kalina: Commander... Are you serious about that?

Commander: Yep.

Commander: I'll do anything you want. You can take your anger out on me anytime.

Commander: How...how's that?

Kalina: Pffft...

Kalina: Pff...hahahaha!

Kalina: Well, that's our Commander for you, you always come up with stuff that normal people could never even conceive of. That's so dumb!

Kalina: If you were our logistics officer, I doubt any of our Dolls would have working weapons if they went out on a mission.

Kalina: In the end, I'd get yelled at anyway.

Commander: So what can I do to make it up to you?

Kalina: Hmm... Let me think...

Kalina: You're not allowed to lie to me for the rest of your life.

Kalina: How about that, Commander? Do you think you can keep that promise?

Commander: Is that all?

Kalina: Yeah, that's all.

Commander: Then I promise you, I won't lie to you ever again.

Kalina: Hehehe, you'd better keep your word, okay?

Ten years later, as I look out through the train windows at the quarantine wall under the setting sun in the distance, I think back to this scene.

The orange-yellow light of dusk spreads over the quarantine wall and limns it in a golden glow, like syrup on a pancake.

As I recall all the things that have gone by, it suddenly occurs to me just how much that brief period of respite in my life has meant to me.

At that time, I did not realize how lucky and happy I was.

As everything changed with the passage of time, the faces of the past had blurred into unreachability with each day that went by.

I recall the words I couldn't say when I bade her farewell just now. I know that even if I had said them, they would have been pointless anyway.

Even if I am still my old self, she is no longer the same woman.

However, I do not resent her for changing, because in the end, I have not been able to keep the promise I made her ten years ago.

...

Kalina: (Yawns)... I'm so sleepy all of a sudden.

Kalina: Now that I'm not worried anymore, the fatigue from the past few days has caught up with me all at once...

Commander: Go back to the dorm and get some rest. There's no telling how long the Dolls are going to keep this up.

Commander: We'll worry about the cleanup tomorrow.

Kalina: O...Okay...

Kalina: Then I'll see you tomorrow, Commander...

Kalina: (Yawns) So sleepy...

Kalina drags her exhausted body out of the Café.

Hopefully she'll be back to normal tomorrow. Having a grim-faced adjutant standing behind me was sending chills down my spine.

Dandelion: Is this seat taken, Commander?

Commander: ...What are you doing here?

Commander: Didn't I tell you not to show up in front of the others?

Dandelion: Well, the only other human who can see me besides yourself has already gone to bed, so coming out for a stroll shouldn't be a problem.

Commander: ...Have you been spying on us again?

Dandelion: I'm just curious about the relationship you have with your adjutant.

Dandelion: But I didn't expect her to be so tractable.

Dandelion: It's almost as if the two of you were trying to beat each other in being the biggest pushover.

Commander: Ahem, did you come all the way just to make fun of me?

Dandelion: I've obtained some information, but it's not particularly urgent.

Dandelion: After all, such moments of respite are precious and fleeting.

Dandelion: There's no harm in letting it wait.

I follow her gaze to the center of the Café, and the raucous atmosphere washes over me like a wave.

Anna: Quit struggling and let me pinch you!

Gr G11: Ugh... Let go... My face...

Gr G11: Help me... Ughh...

UMP9: Hahahaha, Gr G11's face looks so dorky!

AUG Para: It looks fun, I want to pinch her too!

VHS: Pipe down. The head maid's going to come over and scold us.

Gr G36: Alright, you girls, don't make trouble in the Café. Go back to the dorms if you want to fool around.

Anna: Uwah! Run for it!

Gr G36: Don't run around in the Café! It's dangerous—you'll hit someone!

Springfield: Let them off this once, Gr G36. It's good that the place is so lively after so long.

Gr G36: (Sighs) From tolerance all sin is born.

Gr G36: These Dolls make trouble in the Café because you're always so lenient.

I exhale and look away from them.

This normal, everyday life with no surprises is what I'm trying to protect with every fiber of my being.

Commander: So, what is this information you were talking about?

Dandelion: Ooh, eager, aren't we. Are you in such a hurry to go on a mission again?

Commander: I don't want to end up regretting my present laziness in the future.

Dandelion: In that case, come with me.

Dandelion rises and leaves the Café.

I give Springfield a nod, then put on my coat and follow her out.

...

It's not fall yet, but there's a chill in the air outdoors.

Commander: Huh, so you're all here.

As I expected, the AR Team is gathered in a clearing outside the base.

Dandelion: I've brought the Commander along, as I promised.

RO635: Thank you, you've done us a favor.

Commander: Did you send Dandelion to find me?

Commander: Why didn't you come over in person?

RO635: The idea of going in there somehow makes me a bit uncomfortable...

ST AR-15: After all, it's best for us to keep a distance from the other Dolls, since we're members of the AR Team and all.

M4 SOPMOD II: I knew the Commander would come, now the Commander is allllll ours!

Commander: That sounds a little frightening, coming from you...

RO635: Ahem... Actually, we asked you out here today because we have an imposition to make.

RO635: I know it might cause you trouble but please hear us out.

RO635: Dandelion, please show the Commander.

Dandelion: Here, Commander, look at this.

Commander: This house is...?

Dandelion: There's no doubt about it. This is the house which keeps appearing in Lunasia's neural cloud.

Dandelion: It is her "home", stored in the depths of her memories.

ST AR-15: I once saw this place on the base layer of her neural cloud.

Dandelion: Havier's intelligence network seems to have news about Ange's work in Germany. Their Stasi over there seems to have found an identical house to this one.

Commander: You hacked into Havier's computer?!

Dandelion: I just left a little, tiny backdoor. He won't notice it.

Dandelion: It was Ange's activities in Germany which led to the Stasi discovering this place by accident.

Commander: Looks like Ange's gone through a lot over there...

Commander: So what do you have in mind?

RO635: Commander, the AR Team has decided. We won't give up on looking for M4 or M16 no matter what.

RO635: No matter how big the world is, I believe that as long as we continue existing within it, we will meet again someday.

RO635: Therefore, we're hoping that we can find a way to get to that place and see if we can obtain a lead about M4.

RO635: Of course, I know this might make things rather difficult for you, but please let us leave you for a while. I'm sure we'll bring back good news.

Commander: I refuse.

RO635: Huh?

Commander: If we're looking for our lost Dolls, I cannot let just the few of you go off by yourselves.

ST AR-15: Commander, what do you mean?

Commander: While I can't make any guarantees right now, I'll try to verify the information about that house.

Commander: If it warrants a proper investigation, I won't just send the AR Team by yourselves and expose you to danger.

Commander: Don't worry. As a Commander of Griffin, I won't leave any Dolls behind.

M4 SOPMOD II: Awesome, the Commander has the same idea!

Commander: Yeah, I won't leave anyone behind.

Commander: But you need to promise me that you'll obey orders once the mission begins and you won't run off on your own.

Commander: We are a team; every person and every Doll here is your friend and your comrade, and our fates are bound together.

Commander: Can you promise me that?

The three Dolls exchange glances and nod in unison.

I nod back in acknowledgement.

Commander: I will give thorough consideration to the entire plan. Also, Persica will be arriving tomorrow. You should let her give you all a checkup.

Commander: Now, since that's still a few hours away, why don't you head over to the Café and have some fun?

RO635: Thanks, but no thanks, Commander.

RO635: We'll be off then. You should get some rest too.

Commander: Right. Good night.

The Dolls take their leave, talking and laughing.

I look at RO's receding back and realize that she's become a lot more mature than before.

I stick my hands into my pockets. For some reason, I feel much more at ease now.

Dandelion: You promised the moon so casually, Commander.

Commander: Did I make the wrong choice?

Commander: You want to find M4 too, don't you?

Dandelion: Indeed, that is what I want. I also know we will have to pay a price to achieve that.

Commander: So you're saying I shouldn't have made that promise?

Dandelion: I simply think you might not be ready yet.

Commander: But we've won all this time, haven't we?

Commander: If we stand still, then all our efforts will be wasted.

Commander: I simply want to do something for those girls. After all, their previous sacrifices deserve to be repaid.

Dandelion: You have a point.

Dandelion: And you WOULD think like this now. I do wish you will never change.

Commander: Spoken like you know my future.

Dandelion: You could say that.

Commander: Huh?

Dandelion: But the future is not set in stone, so remember our promises.

Dandelion: Before you step into the grave, tell me what you think of this world.

Dandelion: Until then, never stop striving, never stop struggling. That's the most interesting thing about humans, after all.
Part 2: Bridge of Eternity

    2chevron_right

The Germans' tiltrotor military aircraft takes off smoothly. Ange helps the injured secretary settle into her seat and sits down herself.

Under the engines' continuous thrum, the two women suddenly feel the full force of their fatigue. They both let out a heavy sigh before looking at each other.

Angelia: Does your leg still hurt?

Morridow: It's just a graze... I feel like my trauma is more mental than physical...

Angelia: Really?

Angelia: You look pretty perky to me.

Morridow: It's all just an act!

Morridow: I was scared out of my mind!

Angelia: I told you before we entered the settlement. I thought you were prepared.

Morridow: I was prepared...

Morridow: But I never thought Hopps would be a GIP spy.

Morridow: No wonder Chairwoman Ulrich was always a bit distant around him. She must've known something wasn't right.

Angelia: If Ulrich noticed, so should her secretary, right?

Morridow: Actually, both Hopps and I have started working for Frau Ulrich only fairly recently. To be honest, I didn't know him all that well.

Morridow: He was transferred from the municipal office. We weren't too close in private, but since there hasn't been any problem with security, nobody raised any objections.

Angelia: We didn't make any headway in our investigation at all.

Angelia: (Sighs) What a disappointing trip.

Ange recalls the incidents in the last few days and flicks her hand impatiently.

Seeing her in such deep chagrin, Morridow smiles and tries to console her.

Morridow: Don't give up, Frau Ange.

Morridow: You haven't been here for long. I'm sure things will go better.

Morridow: Just rest up for now.

Angelia: You're right.

Ange rests her chin on a hand and stares thoughtfully at Morridow.

Morridow: What are you thinking about?

Angelia: I'm thinking about what happened in the refugee settlement. There are still a lot of mysteries that haven't been explained.

Morridow: Mysteries?

Morridow: But haven't we already exposed the traitor Hopps?

Angelia: The only reason why I have Ulrich's and K's cooperation is that we have a common enemy.

Angelia: As for why the GIP didn't succeed in capturing us, that's because said enemy doesn't want me to end up in their hands.

Morridow: I thought the GIP plainclothes failed because they and Powell were tripping each other up.

Angelia: The ELID mutation was triggered by the strange powder, which caused something quite similar to what we experienced at the botanical institute.

Angelia: I doubt Powell had the influence to acquire that kind of stuff.

Morridow: You mean it's the same enemy behind the Flora Institute and the refugee settlement?

Angelia: I believe so.

Morridow: So...someone else other than the GIP have their eyes on us.

Morridow: Please help me report this to Chairwoman Ulrich later.

Morridow: We must take all necessary precautions.

Angelia: That's certainly a good idea.

Angelia: But for now, I have a few other questions.

Morridow: Oh, what questions?

Angelia: Our enemy has always been one step ahead of us throughout our investigation.

Angelia: I suspect I might be missing something important.

Angelia: Which is why I would like to ask you some questions, Miss Morridow. I hope you don't mind.

Ange strokes her chin contemplatively as she probes the secretary.

Confronted with Ange's tactful query, Morridow offers a polite answer in return.

Morridow: Please go ahead, Frau Ange. I will tell you everything I know.

Angelia: If I remember correctly, while we were at the Flora Institute, the hallucinogen also rendered you unconscious, correct?

Morridow: Of course. You saw it yourself.

Angelia: Indeed, you were knocked out for some time like the rest of us.

Angelia: But I've noticed that the substance tend to trigger some kind of allergic reaction in people. Hopps and I had nosebleeds.

Angelia: It also happened to J at the refugee camp after he came into contact with the hallucinogen floating in the air.

Angelia: However, you did not seem to have experienced such allergic reaction yourself.

Morridow: Allergic reaction? This kind of thing varies with each individual. I didn't have something as obvious as a nosebleed.

Morridow: Maybe my body simply has more resistance.

Angelia: Perhaps.

Angelia: Then there's another matter concerning the orphanage.

Angelia: Renate told me that while she was searching the different rooms, she saw a girl asking you for candy, but you said you didn't have any.

Morridow: Oh, I really didn't have any candy on me. What's the problem with that?

Angelia: What's strange isn't the fact that you didn't have any candy, but the fact that the children at the orphanage asked you for candy when they saw you.

Angelia: Have you been to the orphanage before?

Angelia: Why would the children know you?

Morridow: Oh...

Morridow: Actually, we've visited this orphanage in the past as it is on PECMAR's list of prospective beneficiaries.

Morridow: That's also why we could arrange your visit with the housemother at such short notice.

Angelia: I see.

Morridow: Speaking of candy.

Morridow: Do you want some?

Morridow: I think it's important to replenish your sugar levels when you're in a bad mood.

Angelia: You have a point.

Morridow fetches a pack of candy from her handbag. Ange extends a hand to accept it.

Angelia: I'm sorry. I'm just trying to sort through the events and figure out what really happened.

Angelia: I apologize if my questions are making you uncomfortable. Please don't take this personally.

Morridow: No problem at all. I know you have your duties, and I'm happy to answer your questions.

Morridow: They don't have to be about work either. Feel free to ask me anything at all.

Angelia: I do find something very strange. Something not exactly related to work.

Morridow: Strange?

Morridow: What do you mean?

Angelia: This, for instance.

The hand Ange has been holding out suddenly snakes around to Morridow's back.

She removes the pistol that's been hidden on Morridow's belt in an instant.

She then immediately disengages the safety and points the pistol directly at Morridow, while keeping two paces away from her.

Angelia: I remember you said you didn't know how to use firearms before we entered the settlement.

Angelia: But you were about to draw your weapon when Hopps was holding you at gunpoint, weren't you?

Angelia: Why did you lie?

Morridow: Oh... Uh...

Morridow: I...I'm so sorry... Actually, the chairwoman asked me to bring along a weapon before I left.

Morridow: I've had some training, but I'm not good at it at all...

Morridow: Back then it looked like I was done for, so I thought I might as well give it a shot...

Angelia: Oh?

Angelia: Is that so?

Morridow: It's true!

Morridow: Please stop pointing the gun at me! You're scaring me...!

Angelia: Your explanation is flawless, but that's some really terrible acting.

Angelia: That's not a look someone with absolutely zero combat experience would give me.

Morridow: Frau Ange, please stop pulling my leg.

Morridow: Or I might really get crossed.

Angelia: Before you do that, why don't you have a piece of your candy?

Angelia: I suppose it contains some kind of chemical that stabilizes your emotion?

Morridow: It's just some normal candy!

Morridow: Enough with the slander, Frau Ange.

Morridow: The aircraft will soon reach the location where we'll be meeting Frau Ulrich, and you can tell her all about your suspicions!

Morridow: You can investigate me all you like, but in the end, I will prove to be innocent!

Angelia: Will you? Then I look forward to—

Before Ange can finish, the bearing of the secretary, who has been pleading with her beseechingly with tears in her eyes, shifts dramatically.

She swipes at the gun pointed at her with her left hand without warning, disrupting Ange's aim.

The unexpected strike causes Ange to pull the trigger out of reflex before the pistol gets knocked out of her hand.

The fired bullet misses its target and hits the wall of the aircraft behind the secretary instead.

Angelia: Hm?!

Taken aback by Morridow's CQC skills, Ange quickly collects herself. She draws her own sidearm and fires another shot directly at Morridow's chest.

However, Morridow's movements once again take her completely by surprise. She reacts almost instantaneously as the shot is fired—faster than what a normal human is capable of.

She ducks out of the bullet's trajectory so quickly it only brushes past her shoulder.

When she straightens up again, the secretary's characteristic genteel smile has vanished, replaced by cold, deadly features contorted into an uncanny grin.

Angelia: ?!

Morridow: Shooting a friend straight in the heart? My, you're stone cold.

Angelia: Haha... I was just bluffing you. Didn't expect you to drop the act just like that.

Angelia: And your reaction speed... Are you a Doll?

Angelia: No, that can't be right. Erwin didn't notice anything strange about you. A new model of Nyto, maybe?

Morridow: Both of those guesses are kind of insulting.

Angelia: While I was dragging you along in the refugee settlement, no matter how much danger we were in, your pulse was very steady the whole time.

Angelia: You're the one behind the appearance of those mutants, I suppose?

Angelia: Since those stupid GIP members wouldn't leave me alone, you just got rid of them.

Morridow: Hopps, the GIP... Those idiots are all just disposable pawns.

Morridow: You're exactly right. My objective has only ever been you, Angelia.

Morridow: But I'm surprised. I thought you would've completely let down your guard around me after we went through fire and water together.

Angelia: Went through fire and water.

Angelia: What a joke.

Angelia: I have absolutely no interest in being such good friends with some Paradeus cultist.

Morridow: Sure, run your mouth. You only have a few more minutes anyway.

Angelia: Humph... So the plane is as shady as you.

Morridow: Too late. We will arrive at our destination very soon.

Morridow: We'll continue our earnest conversation once we reach the base.

Morridow: I'm sure we can talk all day...until you spill everything Father wants to know.

Angelia: Humph, then I'll have to kill you before it comes to that.

The air grows tense in the enclosed space. Ange takes the initiative and breaks the stillness of their confrontation.

Now that she knows her opponent is a Paradeus member with superhuman reflexes, there is no need to hold back anymore. This time, Ange fires directly at her head.

Morridow ducks and charges at Ange immediately.

Without pausing, Ange draws upon her training and fires another two shots at her chest.

Morridow blocks the bullets with her right arm and flings her handbag at Ange.

The pain causes Ange to flinch for a second. Exploiting this momentary weakness, Morridow closes the distance and disarms Ange with a precise kick.

Angelia: She's fast!

Having drawn close to Ange, Morridow gives her no time to react.

She brings down her suspended left leg on Ange's neck and grabs Ange by the dominant arm, then she grapples Ange to the floor, immobilizing the upper half of her body.

With her left arm held in a death grip, Ange tries to break free, but more she struggles, the more force Morridow applies.

Her shoulder joint is screaming in agony.

Morridow: It's time you recognized the truth, Angelia! Join us!

Morridow: Instead of serving those corrupt and obsolete people in the upper crust, follow Paradeus and lead mankind into the future we deserve!

Angelia: You mean a future where everyone gets turned into irradiated zombies?

Morridow: Necessary sacrifices!

Believing that she has the upper hand, Morridow lets down her guard slightly.

Ange seizes this opportunity and draws a combat knife from her belt with her right hand. She then raises the knife and smashes the hilt into her left arm. Her mechanical limb falls off with a clatter.

With her leverage suddenly gone, Morridow sees a flash of white light and rolls aside immediately.

However, the blood seeping through her clothes on one side of her torso shows that Ange's attack has done the trick.

Morridow: Tsk, don't get cocky.

Angelia: So you're not covered in alloy, Miss Nyto.

Angelia: I was wondering which part of you is human.

Morridow: I'm not a Nyto. I'm 100% human.

Morridow: I'm just superior to you.

Angelia: Sounds familiar. That's exactly something a new type of Nyto would say.

Angelia: Those GIP nationalists can't hold a candle to you.

Ange gets to her feet and slowly backs away with her knife pointed at Morridow.

Morridow: Are you trying to anger me? What good would that do?

Morridow: No matter what I am, there will always be an unbridgeable gap between you and me.

Morridow: We are thousands of feet in the air; where can you hide?

Morridow charges in once more. Ange can barely fend off her attack with just a right arm.

Angelia: An unbridgeable gap, huh... You're right, Morridow, we are separated by an unbridgeable gap.

Angelia: But not in terms of our physical strength. You will never understand.

Morridow: Prove it to me, Angelia.

Morridow: Prove me wrong. What can you do?

Angelia: Humph...

Angelia: Lucia!

Ange bellows, and a familiar figure slowly strolls through the cabin door with a wicked smile.

Morridow's face slackens in shock. She is having trouble comprehending this unexpected turn of events.

AK-12: Oh wow, it's been a while since I last saw you get your hands beautifully dirty in a fight, Ange.

AK-12: I thought you didn't need any help and was going to let you take all the credit this time.

Morridow: Why are you... When did you...

Morridow: ...Angelia, you tricked me?

Angelia: You got careless just because you thought you had it in the bag.

Angelia: I suggest you take a look out the window, Morridow.

Morridow: ...!

Morridow turns abruptly to peer outside through the window of the cabin.

Instead of flying south out of the city as she had planned, the freighter is heading towards Magdeburg, where the Soviet Army's External Group of Forces is stationed.

Morridow: How long have you been spinning this web around me?

AK-12: Ange was worried that you wouldn't fall for the ploy, so she asked us to make it look like we got taken out.

AK-12: I've been following you the whole time and I slipped aboard the freighter the moment it landed.

AK-12: Then I had a long chat with your pilot, who happily agreed to catch a nap while I fly the plane.

Morridow: Tsk... I shouldn't have expected so much from the GIP trash.

Angelia: That's right. Neither Powell nor the GIP managed to kill anyone on Task Force DEFY.

Angelia: I was using myself as bait and waiting for big fish like you to bite the hook, but you didn't even suspect it; you just leaped right out of the water—both you and Hopps.

Angelia: You lost it all from the moment you followed me into the refugee settlement, Morridow.

Morridow: Lost? I don't think so, Angelia.

Morridow: Your Wolf Pack may be pretty strong, but it makes no difference to me.

AK-12 aims her weapon straight at the exposed Paradeus agent, her wide-open violet eyes glinting dangerously.

AK-12: I wouldn't try anything funny if I were you.

AK-12: You may have faster reflexes than Ange, but this military-grade Tactical Doll and her automatic rifle would be more than happy to entertain you—with 5.45x39mm full metal jacket AP rounds.

AK-12: Unlike Ange, I don't have a "gone through fire and water together" kind of bond with you. It'd be terrible if my finger slips and I shoot you into Swiss cheese.

Morridow: Oh gee, I'm so scared.

Morridow: If you randomly open fire in this pressurized cabin, we'll all die.

Morridow: You don't want your master to go splat, do you?

AK-12: First of all, Ange isn't my master, just my commander.

AK-12: Secondly, we've prepared parachutes beforehand.

AK-12: Though supply is obviously limited.

Morridow: ...

While they are sparring with words, Morridow slowly inches back.

Just as AK-12 takes notice of her minute movement, Morridow spins around and delivers a side kick.

AK-12 pulls the trigger immediately.

The bullet goes straight through Morridow's leg just before the kick connects.

Blood spurts out of the wounds, causing Morridow to pause in shock.

Bang.

Another gunshot rings out.

This time, the bullet burrows straight into Morridow's unprotected shoulder.

She collapses onto the floor due to the crippling pain.

More blood gushes out, steeping her clothes in crimson wetness. She clasps her shoulder in pain and props herself up against the cabin wall.

Ange stares at her coldly, pistol in hand.

Angelia: Stop trying. It won't work.

Angelia: Since you're oh-so-superior, surely you can tell you don't stand a chance at all.

Morridow: ...So 5.45mm AP rounds can still inflict damage on me at this distance.

Morridow: Hahaha, that's some important data.

Morridow cranes her head up and flashes them a goading smile.

In response to the Paradeus agent's taunt, Ange raises her pistol and aims at her head.

Angelia: None of your tricks.

Angelia: We need you alive so that you can tell us all about William when we get back to Chairwoman Ulrich.

Morridow: Don't count on it.

With that...

Morridow grabs one of the seats in the cabin. Then comes the sound of metal and cables rupturing.

Snap!

Angelia & AK-12: What?!

Morridow throws the torn-off chair at Ange and AK-12. Ange immediately opens fire but her shot is blocked by the chair.

After a bang, air comes tearing and howling in through the cabin door. They realize right away that Morridow has flung open the emergency exit.

Angelia: Dammit! Hold on tight!

It's too late to stop her. Ange grabs a handrail out of reflex, which saves her life.

Meanwhile, also gripping a handrail, Morridow tears out another seat and throws it into the aircraft's nacelle. As the rotor lets out a horrific screech, the entire tiltrotor aircraft starts rocking violently.

With one of the rotors down, the damaged plane spins out of control, knocking everyone onboard off balance.

Angelia: Lucia, get into the cockpit!

Angelia: Try to land this damn thing!

AK-12: On it!

Angelia: You freaking lunatic! Trying to make us join you in hell, huh?

Angelia: Not in a million years!

Morridow: And you think I'll just go quietly with you? "Not in a million years!"

Morridow: There, I'm saying it right back at you, Angelia.

Morridow: Perhaps you'll miss me and come to treasure the time we've spent together.

Morridow: But don't worry, we'll meet again very soon~

Then Morridow throws herself out of the emergency exit and off the freighter.

The aircraft is still continuing its treacherous descent. Ange peers through the window while hanging on for dear life.

However, all she sees is a splash on the surface of the Elbe.

Angelia: So Nytos can already be fully merged with humans...?

Angelia: How many more places have these Paradeus spies infiltrated?

Angelia: Is activating the Relic William's sole objective?

Angelia: The situation here is even more complex than our own country, but no matter how he tries to hide, his twitchy tail has finally given him away.

Angelia: He is right here in Germany. Now it's my turn to go on the offensive.

Angelia: Just you wait, Morridow, William.

Angelia: It won't be long now.

...

【Dual Randomness - END】

(Missing mission ID, can't load credits! Go yell at the site owner!)

After sending off the ambulance that will transport J to the hospital, K climbs into the van with Hopps in the prisoner compartment and prepares to drive off.

Only when the van is safely on the road does he glance at the Doll sitting right behind him.

K: ...

AN-94: ...

K: Hm...

K: Ange really doesn't trust me, huh?

AN-94: I am here under Ange's order to help you. Please don't read too much into it.

K: ...

AN-94: ...

K: ...Cigarette?

AN-94: I don't smoke...

K: Say... No matter how you look at it, J looks more like a spy than I do, don't you think?

AN-94: ...

K: ...

K: Nevermind. You guys don't let anything slip by. That's what makes you perfect for this job.

AN-94: ...

K: Wanna go out for a drink later?

AN-94: No, thanks.

The van drives on in oppressive silence.

K stares at the glowing tip of his cigarette without taking a single drag.

K: Hey, right now, don't you think we look like we're...

AN-94: Not at all.