A week after the Paldiski Submarine Base incident.

■FILE■ NUSSRA920640605190087, decrypting...

Military Officer: Sir, Griffin is still putting up a fight.

Yegor: Don't forget our objective... That base is the most important thing here.

Someone pauses the playback, and the Nyto who was originally seated and taking notes in the camera room rises nervously to her feet.

Susanna: ...

This is a routine weekly briefing, but the crushing atmosphere drills a message into the minds of all the Nytos present—slip-ups are not allowed.

Just then, a kindly female voice addresses them.

???: ...Not this one, Susanna.

The kinder the voice, the more nervous it makes her feel.

Susanna can almost feel her palms beginning to sweat... She forces herself to calm down.

Susanna: ...My apologies. A moment, please.

She immediately pulls up a new file.

■FILE■ DDRA585246472307521, decrypting...

K: Let's say our goodbyes here.

Commander: Not going to bring back a souvenir?

K: Everything goes with you—that's the order I received. Remember to hand the children over to Herr Havier's safekeeping.

K: Now then, as unpleasant as it is, I'd better go get Ange.

K: My mission is to monitor her to begin with, so it'll be bad if my objective goes missing.

Commander: Understood... All the best, then.

K: No need to worry. We'll meet again very soon.

The voices suddenly stop again. Someone has obviously paused it once more.

This time, the woman's voice is even gentler than before.

???: Please—rewind it a little further back, if you don't mind.

She's even being extra polite; Susanna can no longer control her trembling.

And she knows her answer will only make the woman before her even angrier.

Susanna: ...I am very sorry, Big Sister Nemhran.

Susanna: The influx of seawater made it impossible to recover any information from that base...

Nemhran: ...

This time, Nemhran makes no reply. However, Susanna doesn't dare raise her head...

She can't let things stand as they are!

Susanna hurriedly searches through the data in her VCI.

She swiftly sifts through two people's worth of files.

Hopefully she'll find something to make up for this!

■FILE■ UO83520530300147, decrypting...

Error!!!

■FILE■ UO34678231305238, decrypting...

Error!!!

Connecting to the "Bee Sting" System...

...

System error, unable to connect.

Restart?

As the encrypted layer displays an error message, the Nytos return to the real camera room.

A transmission notification rings, and Susanna reflexively puts it through.

Nemhran: ...It was just a system malfunction, don't worry.

The gentle voice flows into Susanna's ear like Satan's sweet whispers.

Susanna: I... I am terribly sorry, I will organize Angelia's files and the information pertaining to the undersea base and hand them to you.

Nemhran: Thank you for your hard work.

Susanna: Just... Just doing my job.

Nemhran: Retrieve Angelia's file and the info on Task Force DEFY. Convert them to plaintext, polish up the language, and then send it out.

Susanna: Shall I send it to the "Chief" or to Aver—

Nemhran: Olga.

As Nemhran quietly speaks that name, another Nyto in the room silently steps out of the shadows.

Without any further explanation, she steps forward swiftly and breaks Susanna's neck with practiced ease.

Susanna's voice is cut off in a simple yet brutal way.

Her vocalization systems are physically destroyed with no prior warning.

Throughout the entire process, Susanna does not put up the slightest bit of resistance.

Or perhaps, she is fully aware that resistance is futile.

Nemhran: Do not... mention that place.

Susanna collapses to the ground... and becomes a corpse.

The Nyto called "Olga" respectfully takes over the communicator carried by the dead Nyto.

Nemhran: ...And what is your name?

Olga: My name is Olga, Big Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran: I meant nothing by it. It is a Russian name.

Olga: From now on, I am called Olga, Big Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran chuckles. She seems to like how this Nyto knows the score.

Nemhran: Contact "Polar Bear''. We'll need to send Ange to Berlin.

Olga: Understood.

...

Nemhran hangs up.

There were four Nytos in the room before, but now there are only three.

After hesitating for a long time, one of the Nytos that is still standing turns to Olga.

White Nyto: ...Susanna was always the one to contact "Polar Bear" before this. Where can we find the things she was responsible for?

Olga: Extract her memory module.

White Nyto: ...Making a Susanna is quite demanding, aren't we going to send her back to...

She shudders, and then swallows the words she was about to say.

White Nyto: Send her back?

Olga: ...You can forget about going back before the mission is over.

Olga: Given our worth, it's riskier to be sent back than to be buried here.

White Nyto: ...But what about our access? Susanna had higher access than all of us.

White Nyto: Only Big Sister Nemhran can change the access and rules of the Bee Sting System. Should we send her a message?

Olga: ...

Olga: Never, ever ask anything of her.

Olga: Once we complete the appropriate tasks, we will have the appropriate access.

Olga: Don't make wild guesses about things that weren't mentioned.

White Nyto: But...

Olga: You'd better believe me.

The room is silent once again.

Olga clears away Susanna's body with great efficiency, and the camera room looks like new again.

There is no sign that Susanna ever existed.

Inside a certain bar in St. Petersburg, Neo-Soviet Union.

A stinking drunk man is sprawled over the corner of the bar. For people who have vodka flowing in their veins, such a thing is an everyday occurrence.

He bangs on the broken service bell.

Every now and then he pokes the buttons that do nothing besides turn the lights on and off. Compared to the other drunks, this is actually quite polite.

Soon, a bartender holding a blended drink pats him on the shoulder.

Bartender: Sir, someone ordered a German Mary for you.

Drunk Man: ...

The man opens his bloodshot eyes and snorts.

Drunk Man: Izzit a Berlin Mary or a Bremen Mary?

Bartender: ...This drink was made with wine imported from Bremen.

Those words seem to activate the neurons within the man's brain, and his flushed cheeks tremble as he curses loudly enough that even the noisy music within the bar cannot cover it up.

Drunk Man: I only drink Berlin Mary! What the hell are you serving me? This place is garbage!

He is clearly angry, and swats the tray that the bartender is holding to the ground.

Drunk Man: Berlin Mary is the only true Mary!

The bartender struggles to keep his cool, but in the end all he can do is maintain his bartender's smile.

Bartender: Sir, we have always served wine imported from Bremen. Perhaps you might have drunk German Marys in other places.

Bartender: Would you like to try our new seasonal products? This is the latest brand. Many of our customers have ordered it.

The drunk man pushes the bartender aside and stumbles out the door.

The bartender doesn't say anything. Instead, he bends down to clean up the broken glass.

The bar resumes its usual clamor, and a lady approaches the bartender who is cleaning up in silence. She speaks into his ear.

Woman: I've already covered his tab. Good luck tonight.

An hour later, there is quite an upheaval at Paradeus' Moscow base.

White Nyto: ...Oh no, we didn't send Ange to Berlin as planned... She's gone to Bremen!

Olga: Prepare an encrypted transmission right now.

White Nyto: Are we going to ask her for help? Didn't you say we shouldn't ask Big Sister Nemhran any questions?

White Nyto: What kind of accident was this, why did the plane end up going to Bremen...

White Nyto: Did Polar Bear get the location wrong? What an amateurish mistake...

Olga: ...Accidents aren't the scariest.

Olga: Failure is.

White Nyto: But a mistake of this level won't be forgiven!

Olga: ...Quiet down!

Olga: Things like this happen all the time.

Olga: Very often, what some call an accident is actually an opportunity.

Olga: We won't be implicated because of something like this.

White Nyto: Then why did Susanna die just because she missed out a bit of information? She made fewer mistakes than we did!

White Nyto: I don't think it's because she revealed... that place.

Olga: That's where you're wrong.

Olga: She affected Father's plan.

Olga: Any of our sisters who affects Father's plan is a sinner.

White Nyto: ...Have you heard that rumor?

Olga: What rumor?

White Nyto: Big Sister Nemhran was cast out... She no longer enjoys Father's affection.

White Nyto: That's why she can't fail, and that's why she expects us not to fail either.

Olga: ...

Olga: If I were you, I'd keep my ears and mouth shut.

Olga: That way I wouldn't make such basic mistakes.

White Nyto: What do you mean?

Olga: Do you know what the name of the Bee Sting System means?

Olga: —It gets in everywhere.

Olga: Not just against enemies, but us too.

White Nyto: ...

That was the last thing she heard.

An all-pervasive surveillance system would naturally include the Nytos themselves.

Within the multiple-encrypted layer, Olga regularly checks the clarity of the signal.

She is responsible for taking notes during this three-person meeting, but she has no right to speak.

After a long silence, one of them finally breaks the silence.

???: You're the one asking me for help, Big Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran: I hope you'll understand Father's arrangements. I'm simply allocating assignments, No. 10954.

???: There is no longer a No. 10954. There is only Morridow.

Morridow: Oh yes, you'd better come up with a suitable excuse for Father concerning the escape of No. 10876.

Nemhran: ...If I'm not mistaken, she escaped on YOUR watch.

Morridow: Do you have any proof of that?

Nemhran: ...

Morridow: Big Sister Nemhran, your Bee Sting System ought to be retired.

Morridow: Destroying that information took less than ten hours.

Morridow: Perhaps you call the shots in Moscow, but Berlin and Bremen are my territory.

Morridow: Even if the destination hadn't changed, you wouldn't be able to interfere.

Nemhran: Going by the data, she is far more perfect than you.

Nemhran: Let's make this simple—I want to make a deal.

Morridow: Let's hear it.

Nemhran: The mission ought to have been finished on time. That was what Father had hoped.

Nemhran: The reason why you're sitting here is because you want to bargain, so if you can compromise a little, I believe your requests will be more easily fulfilled.

Morridow: Don't you already know what I want?

Morridow: I want her location in exchange for the mission concerning Ange.

Nemhran: And the Boxes of Iaso.

Morridow: Is she really worth it?

Nemhran: You should be asking yourself that.

Morridow: ...

Morridow: I'm sure dear sister Machlian would be very happy to know where she stands in my heart.

Morridow: Congratulations, you've come out ahead in this exchange.

Morridow: Now then, as my senior, what wise words will you leave me with before this meeting ends?

Nemhran: As long as you're using that face, don't say things that it wouldn't speak.

Morridow: Relax. I'm allowing a part of my true self to show because I trust you.

Morridow: Besides, aren't keeping secrets and leaking them your forte?

Morridow: I had to prepare for a full week just to contact you.

Morridow: Would someone as "trusted" by Father as yourself ever disappoint me?

As that syrupy-sweet chuckle fades, Morridow's signal vanishes from the encrypted layer.

Olga finishes her data logs and carefully glances at Nemhran's expression before she finishes archiving them.

Olga: ■FILE■ ASD698746327127648...

Olga: ■FILE■ PACC67592352129875...

Olga: ■FILE■ ROTT46532528123234... I'm sending these three files and their relevant documentation to you.

Olga: There's also a backup copy in the base layer.

Olga: I've already made two copies of the log from just now and attached Big Sister Morridow's portion to her file.

Nemhran: No need for that. Keep everything you see as it is—intact.

Nemhran: No matter which conversation it is or whether I'm around.

Nemhran: You are to record every single word I say.

Olga: ...My apologies, I was trying to be clever.

Nemhran: If she had realized that, like you, then this wouldn't have come up.

Nemhran: Nobody cares about 10876's disappearance other than her.

Olga: ...Yes, 10876 was close, but you're the most perfect.

Nemhran: I'm clearly not the most perfect one.

Nemhran: Nobody is.

Meanwhile, at the Gray Institute of Biotechnology, the woman lying within the recovery capsule opens her eyes.

Gray, who is standing to the side, opens the transparent cover.

Gray: Teacher.

Morridow: As I expected, that woman agreed.

Morridow: Now all the missions that Father regards as most important are within our grasp.

Morridow: Gray, this is an excellent opportunity, both for me and you.

Gray: All the preparation work is complete.

Morridow: You are the one I trust most, so I will hand the means of contacting her to you and nobody else.

Morridow: If anything happens, you must take over our work here.

Gray: I hope I will never need to contact her.

Morridow: Contacting her is a double-edged sword. It is something that must only be done as a last resort.

Morridow: Hardly anyone dares to discuss her, and nobody understands her.

Gray: To think she holds a place of such honor in Father's heart...

Morridow: That's not true. Father despises her.

Morridow: I am certain of that—she was exiled to Moscow, like the rumors said.

Morridow: Part of it was because of a mission, but it was also because Father himself wished for it.

Gray: Still, she possesses something we all rely on—the Bee Sting System.

Morridow: That is the most unusual thing about her.

Morridow: Each of our sisters has their own personality, and naturally they have their own strengths and weaknesses.

Morridow: But she is very difficult to read. She has emotions, but no... desires.

Gray: Do you mean—she is not so much a Nyto as a tool?

Morridow: ...That is a very apt description.

Morridow: But that is also why she will never win Father's approval.

Morridow: We need hearts filled with wisdom, courage, loyalty and sacrifice.

Morridow: The only thing that is unnecessary is rationality.

Gray: So she is abnormal.

Morridow: Let me rephrase that—she is the only abnormality who is PERMITTED to exist.

Gray: ...I understand.

Morridow: Cheer up, I'm going to Bremen to receive our gift.

A week after falling into the River Weser.

This is the week in review with DFF—

The Junkers transport craft JU-094 from Bremen city veered off course and crashed into the River Weser a week ago. No civilians were hurt...

We're awaiting for the authorities to provide us with further information.

■FILE■ PACC76589264100147, decrypting...

■FILE■ PACC35426159108760, decrypting...

A scene resolves into clarity on the screen—against a chaotic backdrop, a woman is shoved into a certain bar.

Not a single person in this bar is a genuine customer.

They are either from the Stasi, PMCs, or some other factions.

Earl: We are not enemies, Angelia.

Earl: On the contrary... We are the closest comrades-in-arms.

Angelia: You and me? Ha... I doubt that.

Angelia: Someone whose hands are even bloodier than mine is preaching to me about "all things bright and beautiful"? Bah.

Earl: We share a common goal, Ange.

Earl: I know you can't argue with that... Our methods may be different.

Earl: But our aspiration is the same—everything we do is for the sake of Rossartrism.

Angelia: "Common destiny"... I've grown tired of this kind of rhetoric.

Angelia: You may be able to fool the sheep in your country with that, but don't bother using it on me.

Earl: Have you never wondered why Zelinsky and Mikhail let you come to Germany?

...

Olga: The data is correct. No errors detected.

Olga continues the encryption with practiced skill.

The person on the other end of the line seems to have been waiting for a long time and she is starting to get annoyed.

Gray: I might be patient, but even patience has its limits.

Olga: I apologize. We are organizing the data you requested.

Olga: I hold you in great respect. However, there are strict protocols of confidentiality for information on our end and decrypting them will require some time. I apologize for making you wait so long.

Gray: I am not here to make excuses on Teacher's behalf for our previous mistakes, but for the sake of the mission.

Gray: We may have suffered a slight setback concerning the Angelia mission, but it is not a failure.

Gray: However, I have lost contact with Teacher, so I believe Big Sister Nemhran ought to see me.

Gray: You, on the other hand, do not deserve to engage in conversation with me.

Olga: Big Sister Gray, I apologize for not being able to live up to your expectations given my status.

Olga: However, what I wish to say is—everything said by everyone who uses the Bee Sting System will be logged, and the things you have instructed me to do will reach Big Sister Nemhran's ears.

Gray: ...

Gray: Contacting Father is an easy thing for us.

Olga: Big Sister Gray... While I do not presume to offer you any suggestions...

Olga: If you had planned to do something like that, you would not be wasting your time here waiting.

Gray: You had better hope you don't regret that.

Gray: The ripples from the top are working their way downwards, and things are spiraling out of control.

Gray: Big Sister Nemhran, we need help.

Olga doesn't say anything. All that can be heard is the sound of emotionless, mechanical whirring.

This is not a question she can answer. She has no right to do so.

Gray continues speaking.

Gray: The "Fireworks" have not yet bloomed, but we are almost out of cards.

Gray: If we reveal something that should not be revealed before then, such an outcome will be too much for any of us to atone for.

Gray: We have captured Ange, and transport of the Boxes of Iaso are proceeding according to schedule.

Gray: However, the cooperation we were promised has turned out to be very problematic, and variables have emerged in the positions of certain individuals.

Gray: I do not have the authority to make such decisions.

Gray: That is all I wish to say.

Upon finishing, the transmission immediately terminates.

This is Gray's way of expressing her grave displeasure with the situation.

Gray emerges from the recovery capsule, looking incredibly grim.

Beside her, Grig can't help but rub her shoulders.

Grig: Would you like a coffee?

Gray: We may need to start thinking about how to clean up behind us.

Grig: Why? We have not failed yet.

Gray: We need to bring our upcoming plans forward, and we had better rescue Teacher before that.

Grig: ...I don't understand.

Gray: Do you think I'm being very naive?

Gray: It must look like I do not live for Father, but Teacher.

Grig: You have your reasons, but right now, you could clearly have taken her place.

Gray: No, Grig. I could never replace her.

Gray: By statistical data alone, you, me, Bramedb, and even Narciss are superior to her.

Gray: But she is the general-in-command of our activities in Berlin.

Grig: She only knows how to employ boring methods.

Gray: Your view of things is too one-sided. We are the Isomers with the highest ratings in our respective batches, but Teacher was not.

Gray: She eliminated the most perfect one in her batch.

Grig: ..."Machlian"?

Gray: Do you think a Nyto who could act beneath the watchful eye of Father would be incapable?

Grig: That simply proves Father doted on her.

Gray: No, it proves that she had the ability to make Father tolerate her.

Gray: Meanwhile, our mission has already failed, because our objective is Nimogen.

Gray: If she is not here now, then what awaits us when we go back will not be pleasant.

Gray: We cannot deal with this matter, but perhaps she can.

Grig: ...While I am reluctant to do so, I will accept your decision.

Gray: ...I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disappoint you.

Gray: As long as I live, I will ensure you live too.

Within the encrypted layer, Olga sorts out the data that Gray gave her and hands it over to the person on the other end of the transmission.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran furrows her brow and casually scrolls through it.

Nemhran: I hope SOME people understood my intentions.

Olga: ...Yes, Big Sister Nemhran.

Olga: I have conveyed them precisely and without error to Big Sister Gray.

Olga: A presumptuous agent will relay the wrong information to that Soviet.

Olga: Eventually, they will proceed toward the prison... assuming the Soviets are not that stupid.

Nemhran: I need this newcomer to be just stupid enough, but not a total moron... Humans have always had such blind faith in conclusions that they reach by themselves, as opposed to answers presented to them by others...

Nemhran: If the real production line is revealed, then none of you need to bother to come back.

Olga: Understood...

Olga: Also, we have already finished sending Pandora and Nimogen's data back.

Olga: Pandora's base layer is very heavily encrypted and we still have no way of cracking it... I do not understand why we kept her.

Nemhran: Father knows her true intentions very well... but that is also in accordance with Father's wishes.

Nemhran: Now is the chance to communicate with "that side", and Pandora—or the people behind her—have shown sufficient "sincerity".

Nemhran: Her backers have paid an adequate price to speak with Father.

Olga: Yes... I understand.

Nemhran: You've done enough.

Nemhran: You may return after this.

Olga: Yes.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran pauses, then her tone suddenly becomes much more casual.

Nemhran: Olga, do you think Morridow will come back?

Olga: ...I'm sorry, Big Sister Nemhran.

Olga: But I cannot fathom Big Sister Morridow's thoughts.

Olga: ...Her mission was definitely a failure, but I do not know how you and... how Father perceive it.

Nemhran: I like smart people, but I don't dislike fools.

Nemhran: However, fools who pretend to be smart disgust me.

Olga: ...

Nemhran: Which of these do you think Morridow is, Olga?

Olga: I'm sorry, Big Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran: ...Go ahead, speak your mind. Don't be scared.

Olga: ...I dare not comment on my elder sisters' intelligence, but I can be certain that Big Sister Nemhran is one of a kind.

Olga: Elder sisters Morridow and Bramedb devote their efforts to gaining Father's attention.

Olga: Meanwhile, you are Father's capable helper.

Olga: Humans can easily replace pets, but there is no substitute for one's arms.

Nemhran: ...His arms... Now that's an interesting metaphor.

Nemhran: However, you're wrong, Olga.

Nemhran: When humans lose their arms, they can replace them with prosthetic limbs. Such things no longer restrict them.

Click.

The transmission ends.
Part 2: Black Box

2

Unity Day, on the Soviet-German border.

WGF Air Traffic Control: Beep, beep, beep, beep! Warning! Warning! Warning!

WGF Air Traffic Control: This is Air Traffic Control of the Western Group of Forces. You are about to enter a military no-fly zone. Please alter your course immediately and identity yourself, or the Soviet Air Forces will be authorized to shoot down your aircraft.

M16A1: ...Beak.

Beak: ...

Beak: WGF Air Traffic Control, please open encrypted channel number 13.

WGF Air Traffic Control: The radio operator has been notified. Connecting through encrypted channel.

Radio Operator: Security message received... Identity verified—Black Box.

Radio Operator: There are currently dozens of aircrafts awaiting directions.

Radio Operator: We are unable to give you permission to land. Please increase your altitude.

Beak: I freaking hate this codename...

M16A1: Apologies, but we need to land right now.

M16A1: This very instant.

Radio Operator: But...

M16A1: This is a Statesec A-tier command code.

M16A1: We have to land immediately.

Radio Operator: This is...

Radio Operator: ...Alright, we will allocate a flight line for you right away.

M16A1: ...No need for that. Just give us permission to land.

M16A1: We have a more direct way of coming down.

Radio Operator: A more direct way?

Beak: Hahaha, we can just jump off once we've reached a certain altitude!

WGF Air Traffic Control: ...Hold on, that's the command cen—

Beak: I know, that's exactly why I'm—

Her voice is soon garbled and drowned out by the howling wind.

An intense argument is currently taking place in the command center, which is still oblivious to what has just transpired.

It can be heard even through the thick and heavy door.

Military Officer A: You must depart immediately for Moscow!

Military Officer A: This is an order from our superior! You're defying a direct order without a valid reason! Do you want to be dragged in front of a military tribunal?!

Military Officer B: Dozens of take-off requests just came in simultaneously for unstated mission objectives! This deviates from the central authority's customary guideline! I demand that we put in an inquiry to Moscow!

Military Officer A: You're going over the head of your direct superior to make a report?!

Military Officer A: This is treason!

Military Officer A: The Military adheres to a strict chain of command! There is only one thing to do when our superior issues an order, and that is to obey.

Military Officer B: It isn't just a simple border that we are guarding—we are the first line of defense against Europe!

Military Officer B: I must report this to Moscow even at the risk of a dishonorable discharge!

Military Officer B: Two MiGs are already on the way. We must hurry!

Military Officer A: But what about the border?! Are you planning to ignore their request for support?!

Military Officer A: Lieutenant Colonel, we must execute our order immediately!

Military Officer B: If we execute the wrong order, an air force won't be the only thing we lose!

Military Officer B: Instead of arguing ceaselessly here, we should report this as soon as possible.

Military Officer A: We are part of our country's regular army!

Military Officer A: If we have to question our superior over any order that we find dubious, we'll end up calling Moscow about everything!

Military Officer A: Going over our superior's head is also making trouble for the central authority!

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...That's enough!

THUNK!

The sound of a large impact comes from above the command center, and all the military officers immediately draw their sidearms.

The next instant, the door to the command center is opened by a security guard.

This makes no sense, but it does show that whoever is here possesses adequate clearance.

Beak: ...What an intense argument.

Two Dolls walk in through the door.

Guests that are utterly unexpected.

M16A1: ...

M16A1: We are the "Black Boxes" sent here by Statesec. Who's in charge here?

A man steps forward.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Statesec? You're Chief Zelinsky's associates?

M16A1: Beak.

Beak rolls her eyes and flashes her ID to the man.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Apologies. Please state the purpose of your visit.

The officers exchange looks of confusion. They grudgingly stow away the weapons that they've drawn by reflex and return to their own seats.

M16A1: That was quite the... warm welcome we received, but I hope everyone here has calmed down?

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Chief Zelinsky isn't one to make unnecessary moves.

M16A1: That's precisely why I'm here.

M16A1: A Doll can convey a superior's command accurately.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Does the central authority not trust us anymore?

M16A1: They've sent me here to ensure your loyalty—or should I say, to instill some loyalty in you.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Statesec reports directly to the central authority. Your loyalty is obviously unimpeachable.

M16A1: But the same cannot be said about this base.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...We are loyal to the country.

M16A1: Should I reiterate the mandate of the Military?

M16A1: Your loyalties can only lie with the central government.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...

Military Officer A: Lieutenant Colonel! We should not have to declare our loyalty to a mere Doll!

Military Officer B: She has Statesec papers on her!

Military Officer B: Right now she speaks with Statesec's authority, Lieutenant Colonel.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: How are you planning to instill loyalty in us?

The corner of M16's lips curl up faintly.

M16A1: I am going to set up a special hotline.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Won't that be bypassing the military district's jurisdiction?

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Statesec may be under the central authority, but we do not answer to Statesec.

M16A1: You asked how I would instill loyalty in you, and I gave you the answer.

M16A1: But at the end of the day, it is on you to prove your loyalty.

M16A1: Unlike you humans, a Doll like me has no such qualms.

M16A1: This is why Statesec has sent me.

Military Officer A: ...We have received over 20 operation directives at the same time; there's no way for us to tell which are genuine.

Military Officer B: Then the special hotline is the only genuine thing we can trust.

M16 holds the silent Lieutenant Colonel's gaze.

M16A1: This base is hardly the only one that's been thrown into utter disarray, I'm sure.

M16A1: However, Statesec only sent me to this particular one.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...I understand. We will call the special hotline...

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: And obey all commands from the central authority.

M16A1: Then that concludes the first task on my agenda.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...

M16A1: Now for my second task, which marks the true beginning of my actual operation...

M16A1: I need to carry out a secret mission on behalf of Statesec, and I require some support.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: ...Understood.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: I will make the arrangements immediately.

M16 nods at the Lieutenant Colonel and turns to leave the command center.

Operation Aeneas Conference Room.

...Identity verified, please input your login password.

Password accepted. Connecting...

You have successfully logged in to the Operation Aeneas Conference Room.

UMP9: Wow, this meeting venue is super fancy!

M4 SOPMOD II: Well of course! The Commander had this built just for us!

UMP45: I funded half of it.

UMP45: This server is no simple thing. Its security and stability are both guaranteed.

UMP45: You can connect to this conference room even from places with strong signal interference.

UMP45: Most importantly, logged-in Dolls will be able to maintain clear communication.

UMP45: ...The drawback is that it runs on my cache, so if I go down, it'll go down with me. Is anyone gonna reimburse me for all this effort?

RO635: The Commander will make sure you're paid accordingly.

RO635: Now that everyone's logged in, let's all register and test out the server.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright-y!

Task Force Aeneas registration complete for Squad Umbrella and Squad Unicorn.

Online Users 4/12.

M4 SOPMOD II: So "Unicorn" is your codename!

UMP45: A mythical creature, huh... Not bad.

UMP9: 12 slots... It'll be quite the party this time!

RO635: Indeed, this operation is going to be quite challenging.

RO635: Which is why the Commander had this conference room built on such short notice and asked us to run multiple tests.

UMP45: Having experienced so many tragedies caused by comms breakdowns, the Commander must have learned their lesson.

UMP9: Once bitten, twice shy?

Dandelion: Hello everyone on Task Force Aeneas, I am your commander.

Dandelion: Please upload your neural data backup to this link.

RO635: ...You may sound like the Commander, but we can still see your face.

Dandelion: Whoops, my mistake.

M4 SOPMOD II: Why is it you again?! Where's 15? I wanna see her! Let me see 15!

ST AR-15: DAN! DE! LION! GIVE THE COMMAND TABLET BACK!

ST AR-15: Don't mind her, she's just messing around. The Commander is currently away on some business. Let's check our comms.

RO635: That's good to hear.

M4 SOPMOD II: 15!

ST AR-15: I'm still struggling to understand why I'm being left behind for this operation.

RO635: Someone needs to protect Dandelion and the Commander. One of us has to stay behind.

ST AR-15: But we're extremely short-handed! A handful of Dolls are no match for Paradeus' strength!

ST AR-15: 416 and Gr G11 are also here with the Commander while there are only so few of you...

UMP45: Gr G11's neural cloud suffered a lot of damage in the last operation, Dier is giving her remote maintenance.

UMP45: 416 is staying behind to stabilize her neural cloud with Dier's help.

UMP45: So technically, neither of them have the capacity to protect the Commander at the moment.

ST AR-15: I'm just... a bit concerned...

UMP45: Just take care of the Commander. They have a lot to do apart from worrying about things on our end.

ST AR-15: That goes without saying.

RO635: Don't worry, 15. Our mission objective isn't to eliminate enemies; this is meant to be a covert operation.

RO635: We will avoid engaging Paradeus in battle as much as possible and make our objective the priority.

UMP45: This is also why we're keeping our party small. Big numbers won't be an advantage for our infiltration.

UMP45: All members of this group are picked because their skill sets match the mission requirement. The point is to meet the requirement while keeping the group as small as possible.

ST AR-15: ...Fine. Nothing I say will change anything.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Stay safe and make sure you come back.

After some awkward words of encouragement, ST AR-15 hangs up.

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: We certainly will!

UMP45: It's rare to see 15 being so sentimental...

A new figure appears in the conference room.

???: Huh... What is this place?

???: Squad Ferrum signing in.

RO635: S.F. is here? Register over here to confirm your codename and test your connection.

Gager registration complete.

Task Force Aeneas registration complete for Squad Ferrum.

Online Users 6/12.

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow, why is S.F. sending someone so undependable?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Where's Agent? Or even Alchemist?

Architect: Hey, Miss Knight, look at this mutt badmouthing you to your face!

Gager: ...

Gager: Shut your trap. Now allow me to relay the Commander's instructions.

Architect: Right, perk up your ears and listen up!

Gager: Even though this is mainly a covert operation, the Commander has decided to deploy some mobile heavy ordnance just in case.

Gager: This way, even if we end up in a direct confrontation with Paradeus, we will have enough firepower on our side.

Architect: Which is why I'm here!

Gager: And since nobody wants to be on the same team as this idiot, I will be directing her fire to make sure her shots actually hit our enemies.

Gager: I will also be providing you with some heavy ordnance myself.

Architect: You didn't have to bring that up!

M4 SOPMOD II: Architect sounds super unreliable!

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, maybe we really should swap 15 back in?

RO635: ...

Architect: Hey, are you trying to start a fight?!

The lively conference room dissolves into chaos.

In a certain safe house in Berlin.

In an inconspicuous building, Beak is assembling a new motorbike.

Meanwhile, the other Doll in the room is in an encrypted call.

Havier: Well done.

M16A1: Have you intercepted those planes?

Havier: You don't seem too worried about your old boss? Then you must've been in touch with the Commander.

Havier: Don't you fret. The Griffin base may be lost, but Kryuger and the others are still alive.

Havier: If all goes well, you will soon get to meet them in Berlin.

M16A1: Save the small talk. Give me the mission brief.

Havier: The worst-case scenario has been averted and we have you to thank for that.

Havier: But the real mission is only about to begin. Surely a Doll as brilliant as you needs no reminder from me.

M16A1: ...You wouldn't have sent me if all you needed was an errand girl.

M16A1: It isn't M4A1 in that body—but you knew that from the start, didn't you?

Havier: I kindly decline to comment on this.

M16A1: Wily old fox...

Havier: Let's return to the subject, M16.

Havier: We now have the situation under control within the country.

Havier: Everyone will declare their position soon enough.

M16A1: Ha, funny thing, position.

Havier: Things are far more complex than you think. Those old Krauts aren't the only ones we're up against.

Havier: Which reminds me—I gather you're aware of the situation concerning Paradeus?

M16A1: An organization of such scale cannot be completely concealed.

M16A1: They must have received some kind of official sanction.

Havier: Both the frequent local riots and the Fireworks Incident were just the prelude.

Havier: When the first leaf drifts off a branch, fall won't be far behind.

Havier: Your true objective is to find out when exactly "fall" is coming.

M16A1: No one can stop fall from coming.

Havier: But if the weather forecast is accurate, we can all prepare the appropriate clothing to weather the cold.

Havier: The problem started in Moscow, but the solution must be in Berlin.

Havier: Figure out the "timing".

M16A1: ...Alright.

Havier: I will share all the intelligence I have with you.

Havier: By the way, here's a little clue—the mole among us has exposed herself. She may be able to give you some help.

Havier: It's a woman named Nemhran.

Havier: She has already departed from Moscow and is en route to Berlin.

Havier: Follow her. You may learn something unexpected.
Part 3: Secret Watch

3

Stasi HQ, Germany

Thud!

J angrily slams a pile of documents on his desk.

J: This is the 18th already, Schwaben!

J: Are we going to let these bastards continue swanning around like they own the place?!

K: ...Calm down, Kevin.

J: Can't you say anything other than "calm down"?

J: More of our colleagues have died in the line of duty over this past month than in the last five years!

J: And... and we know who's behind it.

K: Mind your words, J. Don't make such casual accusations without evidence.

K calmly gathers the mess of documents before him and takes a deep breath.

K: While adding Tactical Dolls to our ranks was a wise decision, it just can't make up for our lack of numbers... Stop being so reckless.

K: Right now, the most important thing is to do our job.

J: ...But still! Isn't that recording enough?

J: We went through so much to get that evidence!

K: Even if it were real, it could become "fake". And once it's proven to be fake, we'll all be doomed.

K: You know there are thousands of ways that sort of thing could be falsified.

J: ...

After being rebuked by K, J clenches his fists and sits himself back down in his chair, somewhat deflated.

He looks at the files covering the table and rubs his temples, which are aching from stress.

J: What have you been doing lately?

J: Tell me what you can talk about.

K: I've been providing service for the sake of our future missions.

J: Huh? Is there something wrong with your head?

K: Kevin, how long do you think "she" can stay?

J: ...At the rate at which we've been changing our leadership, a year, maybe two?

K: You don't know anything about how to "manage" your superiors at all, do you?

J: Come on, ever since "that incident", the Stasi's already limited authority has been further reduced; we're no different from cops now.

J: Do we even need to manage leadership of that caliber?

K: Should I say you're lacking in brains as well as brawn?

K: She might end up being the longest-serving leader we've had ever since we went from the State Security Service to the Ministry for State Security. I can stake our future on that, at least.

J: Did she dose you with the Kool-Aid or something?

K: We weren't subject to any disciplinary measures after the "Fireworks" incident on Unity Day.

J: Which means? It's not like it was any of our business.

K: You're too clueless. The Stasi is an intelligence apparatus.

K: Ever since "that incident", which set the Stasi's intel work regarding Moscow back by about 20 years, we've been changing leaders every time something happened over there.

J: But you forget—the Stasi was doing much better 20 years ago.

K: ...Think, man, think. Going by precedent, we ought to have been punished again after the "Fireworks" went off on Unity Day.

J: But that woman hasn't been here long, and nobody here has handled a similar case before this.

J: Even if everyone in the agency has differing views, we've still got eyes on each other, right? There's no way anyone could be carrying out a mission we don't know about.

K: Think about it, this is where she showed her true worth.

K: It proves that the higher-ups knew about the "Fireworks" incident, and that she managed to obtain that intel while nobody in the Stasi knew about it.

J: ...

K: And while we had a period of jolly cooperation with the Commander and even managed to obtain info of that level, we haven't gotten any follow-up assignments since.

K: In other words, it wasn't the Commander who contacted her through us. She was the one who used us to work together with the Commander.

K: To be precise, she didn't just communicate with the brass, but also with the peons.

J: ...I have no excuses for what happened at the plant.

K: I'm not blaming you for that.

K: "To sketch a mountain, one must stand on the plains, and to sketch the plains, one must stand on a mountain."

K: She's an ambitious woman.

J: I think I understand your analysis, but what does that have to do with us?

J: ...So what should we do next?

K: Ahem.

After clearing his throat, K retrieves a 20-inch travel case from under his desk.

K: Right now, I have a mission for you.

K: Like you said, we can't keep losing colleagues, otherwise we won't need this office anymore.

J: As you also pointed out, we can't tackle the matter from the source, that it isn't something we can handle.

K: But we CAN attack it from the surface.

K: You should be good at this.

J: ...What does that mean?

K: All we need to do is not lose any more of our people.

K: Allow me to introduce you to your new colleagues.

J: Er...

J watches as K retrieves a file from a folder. He takes it from K and quickly scans through it.

J: Dolls again?

J: And four at once?

K: They're more efficient than human beings.

K: And... as long as nothing major happens, you won't have to worry about more people dying.

J: ...

J: What about Mona? Hasn't she been repaired already?

K: There's something else in store for her—something different from you.

K: She showed just how reliable she was, you know.

J opens his mouth. He looks like he wants to retort, but he can't find the words to say. In the end, he just lowers his head and continues studying the data of the four Dolls.

Inside Romy's office.

Romy: How's the cleanup work going?

???: We've sped things up after the "Fireworks".

???: The situation in Moscow right now is dire; just about every single foreigner in the embassy is under surveillance, and even the delivery boys have at least 40 cameras installed in their homes.

Romy: I haven't received any official requests for agent repatriation yet.

Romy: At the very least, things over there haven't affected things here, and compared to our embedded personnel, their own internal troubles take priority, so be careful when you work.

Romy: We have no grounds to intervene in their internal affairs. The nation's stance is exactly as it appears.

???: Meh, doesn't matter. Besides, we're all "illegals", so even if we get captured, you'll trade for us, right, Boss?

Romy: ...You sound like you're looking forward to three square meals a day in a Moscow prison.

???: Ehhh, the thing is that too many of my colleagues' covers have been blown, so things are really hard for me.

Romy: If you can't do it, then tag out.

Romy: Still, the expat bonus pool is fixed. Do you still need assistance?

???: Is it a matter of bonuses? No, it's a question of ideals!

???: Boss, I have a dream. Only people with dreams ask for overseas assignments. It's true, you gotta believe me.

Romy: Heh.

???: In any case, all I can tell is that those inhuman toys have already been pulled out of Moscow.

Romy: Can you restore their data?

???: That'll be difficult. Their systems' operational efficiency are like heaven and earth compared to the obsolete hunks of junk they have in the agency.

???: Frankly speaking, I'd advise that the Technical Branch bring in more civilian pros or experts.

Romy: Did you find the border crossing info of those weapons?

???: Now this is the strange part, those weapons went through the channels of rebel troops—let's just call them rebel troops for now.

???: How shall I say this, they didn't go through the channels of the Ministry of Construction.

Romy: ...Organize this data. Be as detailed as possible.

At a café in Moscow.

Waiter: Miss, your coffee.

Waiter: And this is the adaptor plug you wanted.

???: Ah, thank you so much.

The waiter looks at the long table that could seat eight, which is now covered with all manner of receipts.

The only one seated there is a petite-looking girl.

Waiter: Pardon me, but what are these?

???: I'm filling out invoices...

???: (Sighs) I can't believe I still need primitive receipts to claim expenses in 2064.

Waiter: Do you need help?

???: No, this pile of stuff concerns my performance evaluation for the rest of the year.
Part 4: Pursuit I

4

...On the German border.

The MCV loaded full of Griffin Dolls drives slowly toward the sunset that is about to melt into the horizon.

Helian: Mr. Kryuger, we're about to cross the German border.

Kryuger: How are the Dolls?

Helian: Repair work is progressing steadily, but we'll have to wait for the IOP supplies to arrive before we can replace their bodies.

Helian: The Dolls' morale is stabilized, more or less...

Helian: I'm really not suited to this sort of thing, compared to Kalina.

Kryuger: You've done your best. Have things on Kalina's end been taken care of?

Helian: Yes, she's been successfully transferred and her vital signs are stable.

Kryuger: Good. Now all we have to do is wait.

Helian: I wonder if things are going well on the Commander's side...

Rumble—

The MCV awkwardly brakes in its forward motion.

Kryuger: What's the matter?

Helian: I'll go check. Ingram, come with me.

With Ingram escorting her, Helian exits the MCV.

Several men in Border Guard uniforms are blocking their path.

Border Guard: We are inspectors from the German Bundesgrenzschutz, please show your identification.

Helian: Hello. These are our entry documents.

Helian hands the permits that Zelinsky prepared for them to the inspectors.

The inspectors take turns reading them. Every now and then, one of them steps aside to speak into his communicator for confirmation.

Helian can tell from the change in their facial expressions that something unusual is happening, but she doesn't dare to act rashly.

Border Guard: I'm sorry, but your entry permits are invalid.

Helian: What do you mean?

Border Guard: Miss Helian, Mr. Kryuger, we have just been informed that you are wanted for endangering national security.

Border Guard: You are under arrest. Please refrain from pointless resistance.

MAC10: Get your hands off her!

Helian: Wait!

More Border Guards stream out of the checkpoint. They raise their guns and point them at Helian.

Helian restrains Ingram beside her.

Helian: You have my cooperation, but Mr. Kryuger is injured, and he needs immediate medical attention.

Border Guard: We will arrange for it, naturally.

Helian: Ingram, inform everyone that the repair schedule will proceed as planned. Don't panic and wait for us to return.

MAC10: Miss Helian, they look crooked to me. Are you really going to leave with them?

Helian: We have no choice.

With a sigh, Helian stares down the countless empty black gun muzzles pointed at her and raises her arms.

In the safe house in Berlin.

Commander: ...This isn't what was planned.

Persica: You sound like a kid who received a workbook for Christmas.

The Commander shakes their head and sighs into the communicator... After all that's happened, even something like this isn't enough to alarm the Commander.

Commander: I'll think of a way to deal with this... The Earl should have a solution.

Persica: Probably for the best. I don't want to have to manage an MCV full of Dolls for you...

Commander: How's the progress on the Doll repairs?

Persica: Huuuhhh?! Are you rushing me?

Persica: I came to your base for a vacation... I mean, to be protected!

Persica: Now I'm stuck wandering around with you and you have the gall to rush me?!

Commander: Er... That's not what I meant.

Commander: But I really need backup right now...

The Commander falls silent.

Commander: I need to be able to dispatch a forward expeditionary team.

Commander: But this will be a private operation undertaken without the Earl's permission.

Persica: That's strange.

Persica: So you won't go rescue Ange if you don't get support, money or manpower?

Commander: ...No, I will.

Persica: Then isn't it settled?

Persica: Just do what you want. Why are you putting so much thought into it?

Persica: I drink a cup of coffee when I wake up every morning, but that doesn't mean I need to spend the day working.

Persica: You need to go with your gut and your instincts, whether you're a soldier or a scientist.

Commander: ...

Commander: ...It feels kind of weird to hear you lecturing me about this.

Persica: You're just overthinking things.

Persica: I haven't seen Ange keep a cat yet, so letting her die just like that would be a bit of a shame.

Persica: How about this, I'll send an intellectually-inclined Doll with my new invention to help you out. Don't expect anything else, though, since I've used all the combat-grade parts on them.

Persica: ...Honestly, she's been gone for so long but she's still finding ways to cause me problems.

Commander: Um, thanks.

Persica: Right, is that conference room any good? I didn't have the chance to test it out.

Commander: Uh... hang on, I'll send you the feedback data...

On the outskirts of Berlin, near Bohnsdorf.

The grass is whipped wildly by the wind and the ground is strewn with dried-out rotting corpses.

Olga carefully directs the Nytos in the search with a look of mild disgust on her face.

Black Nyto: Sister Olga... We've cleared up the garbage that spilled out.

Black Nyto: The bodies all had different degrees of damage and the usable blood clots we could extract were very limited.

Olga: Log all the samples you could harvest.

Olga: Have you still not found 10876's body yet?

Black Nyto: No, we haven't. We've examined the blood samples from this region but there are no corpses that match our data.

Black Nyto: Considering how bad the damage is... Can it still be recovered for use?

Olga: How is the instrument probe going?

White Nyto: Big Sister Olga, the production lines here are all inoperable, although we managed to recover samples of 10876's blood from some of the devices.

Olga: That's enough. Her only value now is in that.

Olga: While this experimental batch was a failure, we managed to recover a partial success.

Black Nyto: Yes.

An elongated shadow extends out from the direction of the light. Olga looks up and sees a towering figure.

The cold wind ruffles her cloak and her hair, and though her back is to the light, the gun she is holding is both eye-catching and an eyesore.

Facial recognition scan in progress...

■FILE■ UO7483726405670987, decrypting...

Olga: ...Inform Big Sister Nemhran immediately...

Olga: We've sighted the Griffin T-Doll M16A1.

M16A1: ...

Bam!

M16 grabs Olga's head with her bare hands and slams it into the ground.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran: M16A1... Your reputation precedes you.

M16A1: ...

Nemhran: Are you the M16A1 of the AR Team? Or the M16A1 of Sangvis Ferri Industries?

M16A1: I'm the M16A1 who's going to kill you.

With a bland smile, Nemhran disables her defense module.

In the next moment—there is no further need for conversation—a symphony of explosions and gunshots fills the air.

—Boom!

...

...

...The most skilled hunter is seeking the most delicious prey.
Part 5: Pursuit II

5

M16A1: Got you...!

Nemhran: Haha... So close, M16, but not quite.

Pzzt... Pzzzzt...

M16A1: ...EMI?

Nemhran: I hope we'll get to meet again.

Nemhran: I always offer a warm welcome to brave warriors like you.

M16A1: Tsk... Dammit.

At the moment when M16 was immobilized, Nemhran disappears among the soldiers brought up from the rear.

There is no trace of her.
Part 6: Nike I

6

Outside Paradeus' underground base on the outskirts of Berlin.

M16A1 leans down to inspect the Nyto's corpse lying on the ground. She raises an eyebrow at what she sees.

Vrooooom...

The familiar rumble announces her partner's timely return. Beak swings herself off her bike briskly.

Beak: She got away.

M16A1: ...Doesn't matter.

M16 shakes her head and gets to her feet.

M16A1: Her attacks were very peculiar. Havier's intel failed to mention that.

Beak: I never expected decent intel from people whose intel system is about as secure as a sieve.

Beak: I stayed on the chase for quite a while and only lost her when she started messing around with my navigation system.

M16A1: ...They have even more tricks up their sleeve than we imagined.

Beak: So have you figured out what they're here for?

M16A1: I took a look around inside and found a lot more corpses than stated in the report.

M16A1: If I'm not mistaken, this place might have been used as some sort of "petri dish".

Beak: So I'm actually stepping on countless dead specimens?! Eeeep!

M16A1: Notify the Western Group of Forces and ask for reinforcements. She couldn't have gone far.

M16A1: At the very least, we must find her tracks.

Beak: Do you think those humans can be trusted? Even Havier can't guarantee their loyalty.

M16A1: The situation has changed... Since the incident on Unity Day, everyone must declare their position.

M16A1: Right now, they desperately need to prove their innocence.

Beak: ...

M16A1: What is it?

Beak: ...I'm just thinking that you seem to have changed quite a bit after your neural cloud adjustment.

Beak: You were totally different back in Sangvis Ferri.

M16A1: Maybe you're right.

M16A1: I was pretty preoccupied when I was in S.F.

M16A1: You know, I do envy you. You never seem particularly bothered by anything.

Beak: Is that a roundabout way of calling me an airhead...?

M16A1: I've got to thank them for reverting my neural cloud to how it used to be.

M16A1: I feel so much more like myself—especially when I recall all the stupid things I did in the past.

M16 shrugs. Then she smacks Beak on the shoulder.

M16A1: In any case, it's impossible to turn back the clock.

M16A1: Stop thinking about such nonsense. Let's go.

Beak: ...Humph.

Inside an ordinary apartment in Berlin.

A glamorous-looking woman has cleared the room thoroughly.

After making sure that all traces have been erased, she walks up to the holographic projector reverently and flicks through the empty logs with satisfaction.

Bramedb: Father, our dirty little secrets have all been buried six feet under...

Bramedb: Other than you and me, no one else knows.

Bramedb: This is my...

...

Bramedb: ...

Bramedb's voice comes to an abrupt halt and her respectful demeanor vanishes in the blink of an eye.

She glances at the door with some distaste before hastily turning off the projector and sauntering out into the living room.

Thud!

Sterling: No sign of the target.

Brigitte: Gamma, Delta, search the rooms.

Dagmar: Roger.

Edith: No sign of the target.

Brigitte: ...All records have been purged. We're too late.

Sterling: This is Sterling.

Sterling: The enemy is ahead of us. They've already deserted this hideout. We can't find any useful clues.

J: Tsk... Not again.

J: We just got them by the tail only for them to give us the slip.

Sterling: What do we do now?

J: Leave that place to my subordinates.

J: Make your way here quickly and link up with me.

J: We must ensure the safety of other Stasi folks.

Sterling: Understood.

Call disconnected.

Sterling switches off her earpiece and turns to beckon at her three teammates, whose searches have been equally fruitless.

Sterling: Withdraw.

...

M16 makes a call through a special hotline that has never been used before.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: This is Squad 7094 of the Western Group of Forces, awaiting orders from "Nike".

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Please verify your command authorizations.

M16A1: ...Is this new standard procedure for command handovers?

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Yes, ma'am. Ever since the local garrisons' signal mix-up, all command authorizations must now be confirmed and reinstated.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: If you'd please, ma'am.

M16A1: ...You people are finally showing some caution.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: We're just following orders from the central authority.

M16A1: You don't have to justify yourself.

M16A1: Just get on with it.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Authorization confirmed... Codename: Black Box.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Acting on behalf of Zelinsky's Office.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Confirmed. Command transfer authorized.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Transfer complete. Please give the order, Black Box.

M16A1: Your target is "Nemhran". Data gathered from our last encounter have been transferred to you. She has the ability to interfere with Dolls' systems.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Understood.

M16A1: Search for her on your radars. I've sent you her last-seen coordinates.

WGF Lieutenant Colonel: Yes ma'am, we will organize a search right away.

M16A1: Good, then I'm leaving this matter to you.

Transmission terminated.

Beak: What now?

M16A1: We catch up, of course... Or it would all be pointless, wouldn't it?

Beak: What a slave driver...

M16A1: Come on.

Beak's motorbike rumbles once more.

...
Part 7: Nike II

7

During this stage, the first move that M16 and her teammate make in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.

Nemhran is very fast. You must reach her before she escapes.
Part 8: "Dead Sea"

    8chevron_right

Neo-Soviet Military Safe House, Berlin.

Click...

Incoming transmission.

Havier: I hope you have good news.

M16A1: Then sorry to disappoint—we lost her in the end.

M16A1: She's more slippery than any of the targets we've tracked before.

Havier: Hm... I've read your report.

Havier: Is this the area where you lost track of her?

M16A1: Yes.

Havier: I'll wait for your follow-up report.

M16A1: Ha.

M16A1: There is a region known as the "Dead Sea" nearby.

M16A1: During WWIII, it was a dumping ground for wartime waste. It is now a land of death and decay that even birds cannot fly across.

Havier: A Black Zone?

M16A1: Without a doubt.

M16A1: It goes without saying that the region is deadly to humans, but even Dolls and mechs cannot stay in there for long.

Havier: ...

Havier: That checks out.

M16A1: Hm?

Havier: We got a name from the internal purge that just happened—"Avernus".

Havier: Very apt, don't you think? The entrance to the underworld. A perfect name for this "Dead Sea".

M16A1: ...I see.

M16A1: Then one must wonder why she'd vanish here.

Havier: I await your good news.

Click.

Transmission disconnected.

...

Angelia: ...

Ange scowls. Having one's hands and feet bound is especially uncomfortable for someone who has the habit of chewing their nails.

Snap.

Snap.

Snap.

The bright lights suddenly start going out one after the other in the distance.

The ominous snaps seem to be heralding the approach of some unknown being. They echo incessantly around the spacious room, drumming against her heart.

Angelia: ...Pointless theatrics.

...Once Ange gets over the initial shock, she is completely unfazed.

To be fair, even if she were fazed, there's nothing she could do about it.

Angelia: (Exhales)

Everything falls silent around her.

Snap.

A beam of dazzling light shines upon Ange, illuminating the inside of her eyelids to a soft pink even through her blindfold.

She senses an unfamiliar presence not too far away, but she is completely immobilized. Other than her mouth, she can't move a single muscle.

???: ...

Angelia: Who's there?

Ange asks tentatively but receives no answer—which only cements her speculation.

Still... even though she expected the meeting to take place, she did not anticipate the fact that he would appear before her in the flesh.

???: Nice to meet you, Angelia.

William?: I am the one you've been searching for. You may call me William.

Angelia: ...

...It is the voice of an adolescent with telltale signs of breaking.

Ange can't help but furrow her brow.

He didn't even bother to distort his own voice—is he too self-confident... or does he have no intention of letting her go?

Or perhaps...

No, the most astonishing thing is his youth. He is so young—he's practically a child.

Angelia: That's not your real name.

William?: Why does it matter?

William?: It's just a form of address, a pseudonym. You can call me by something else if you like, I don't mind.

William?: After all, that's not the point... The point is the reason why I've invited you here, Angelia.

William?: I wish to have a simple conversation with you.

Angelia: ...Is this your so-called "simple conversation"?

Ange strains against her binds forcefully but cannot achieve so much as a twitch.

William?: Indeed. I'm afraid this is a necessary precaution to ensure that we can converse in a fair manner.

Angelia: Fair my fucking ass... Are you that afraid I'll bash your skull in?

William?: You're mistaken, Angelia... I'm not doing this to protect myself, but to protect you.

William?: You want to kill me, and that's no secret.

William?: But I must ask you—what exactly is your motive? Are you doing this for vengeance? Or for your meager sense of justice?

Angelia: You think I'm after you for some petty revenge?

Angelia: How many people have died because of you? If my sense of justice is meager, then nothing in the world is substantial.

William?: Alright, alright, Champion of Justice.

William?: But has it ever occurred to you that I'm simply an arms dealer?

William?: Even if I hadn't created these weapons, people would still slaughter each other—even with stones and clubs.

Angelia: You sure make it sound as if you're not to blame.

Angelia: But the fact remains—so long as you're alive, the world will take a turn for the worse.

William?: No, the fact is even if you succeed—even if William is dead and Paradeus disbands... how will that change anything?

William?: Am I really the culprit who plunged the world into misery in the first place?

Angelia: So this is what you "invited" me for? To listen to your pathetic justification?

William?: Wonderful... You're hurling insults now, which means we can begin our discussion in earnest.

William?: Because you have run out of arguments to make, isn't that right?

Angelia: ...

William?: You know full well, don't you, Angelia?

William?: You know that I am not the cause of the sickness that plagues the world.

William?: It is the power structure of the world... those who are at the steering wheel right now.

William?: They are the true source of the poison.

Angelia: ...

William?: Someone comes to mind, right?

William?: Those people, those politicians, they have the world in the palm of their hand, but all they care about is their self-interests.

William?: If you are so righteous, why do you cry foul at a scientist like me, yet choose to overlook those people?

William?: Is that what you call "justice"?

Angelia: I don't see you filled with such righteous indignation as you flirt with those politicians and hand them the butcher's knife.

William?: Now that's how we are different from each other, Angelia.

William?: Our aim is actually one and the same. We're just using different methods—you resort to guns, while I go with research.

William?: We have both taken many lives along the way... Yes, I do admit that was wrong.

William?: But this wrongness is the very proof that this world requires change.

William?: I am a creator. I am creating a power that is capable of changing the status quo.

William?: That's on a whole different level from putting bullets in the heads of a few inconsequential goons.

William?: Only when we possess this power will we have what it takes to do what is right.

William?: When that time comes, Angelia, think about it...

William?: Who has the right to wield such power?

Angelia: Not you for sure.

William?: But who else can create this power?

William?: ...I can bring this power into existence, then bestow it upon someone who deserves it.

William?: What do you think, Ange?

William?: Do you wish to possess this power?

Angelia: ...

This isn't an invitation, but a screening. A test to find those with enough greed and ambition to make a worthy candidate.

Angelia: ...

Angelia: Ha, absolute power, eh?

William?: Absolute power, indeed...

...

......

Avernus.

The ritual begins as the first ray of sunlight shines upon Avernus.

Black Nyto: Two suns, each illuminating a path.

White Nyto: The path of the mundane world, and the path of the merciful Father.

Black/White Nyto: Sanctum turned into the Devil's pit, the scales into an alter, drenched in sinners' blood.

Black/White Nyto: Each Fury with her nails was tearing at her breast; they smote them with their hands, and cried so loud.

...

Nemhran: When half way through the journey of our life,

Nemhran: Through this Heaven and Hell art we led,

Nemhran: Thou wast made before I unmade.

Nemhran: The anguish thou art in perchance withdraws thee from my memory.

Nemhran: We shall be together, in neither Heaven nor Hell, neither cursed nor redeemed. I did not die, nor yet remained alive.

...

Nemhran: ...

Black Nyto: Big Sister Nemhran, Father is looking for you.

Nemhran: Alright.

Nemhran: Olga...

Nemhran: Give me this file when I'm back.

Olga: Yes, Sister.

...

......

After a soft "ding", Nemhran strolls out of the elevator.

She walks up to the room ahead with her head lowered, then pushes open the door reverently as she utters a cheerful greeting.

Nemhran: ...Felicitations, Father.

Nemhran: Everything is according to plan.

Nemhran: Now the whole world shall hear your voice.

William?: ...

After a long silence, the figure in the shadow finally responds.

William?: ...Have the old men finally taken notice?

Nemhran: Yes, Father. They can no longer overlook your power.

William?: ...They live like a pack of hyenas, yet they claim superiority over others.

William?: They plot and scheme for the sake of pointless influence, but haven't the faintest concern for the future of the world.

Nemhran: You will soon possess influence.

William?: No, Nemhran, all I need is power.

William?: Between power and political intrigue, they will only submit to power in the end.

William?: Whoever holds more power than anyone else can make the whole world listen to anything they say.

Nemhran: Your power will become the key to changing the world.

William?: With power comes struggle, strife, as well as check-and-balance.

Nemhran: Then in the new world, both destruction and rebirth are for you to decide.

William?: ...Haha, I can't wait to see the face he'll make.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran closes her eyes.

Her report has come to an end, but she can't leave just yet.

After a brief pause, she slowly lifts her face and takes off her mask.

William?: ...Come here.

As if some switch has been flipped, the voice in the shadow suddenly grows a lot more tender.

She calmly sits down at the dining table and looks down at an extravagant meal served on exquisite silverware.

All the dishes are unfamiliar to her, but she knows that she will enjoy them very much.

Nemhran: Time for a prayer.

William?: ...Through me you pass into the city of woe,

William?: Through me you pass into eternal pain,

William?: Through me among the people lost for aye.

Nemhran: ...Luci.

Her gaze is soft and affectionate.

It is directed at a holographic specter in the corner of the room.

Lunasia: ...

William?: ...

Nemhran: ...Justice the founder of my fabric mov'd,

Nemhran: To rear me was the task of power divine,

Nemhran: Supremest wisdom, and primeval love.

Nemhran and the figure both close their eyes and clasp their hands together in a gesture of prayer at the same time.

William?: Before me things create were none, save things eternal,

William?: And eternal I endure.

Lunasia: ...

The prayer resounds throughout the dining room.

Like all other families, they are gathered at the dining table, reciting verses of praise.

Nemhran: ...We shall be together, in neither Heaven nor Hell, neither cursed nor redeemed. I did not die, nor yet remained alive.

Lunasia: ...Love led us to one life.

Lunasia: Love led us to one death.

Some indistinct murmurs can be heard coming from the direction of that figure. After the prayer, Nemhran opens her eyes and finds herself meeting the gentle gaze of the person sitting before her.

Nemhran: ...You are very close to victory.

William?: I will have victory for sure... Mother.

The figure picks up their cutlery in unconcealable joy and starts slicing up their beef impatiently the moment they finish the prayer. The silver knife scrapes the plate periodically.

Nemhran: You are about to change the world.

William?: Only I and I alone can save you.

William?: You, and you... My dear sister.

Nemhran: Yes... Luci agrees.

Lunasia: ...

William?: Just a little longer... Sister.

William?: Soon... I will make those madmen pay.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran silently beholds the curious scene.

This is her special duty, as well as her very purpose.

...

......

...

Olga: ...Big Sister Nemhran.

The elevator door opens and Nemhran strolls out from within.

Her mask is now dangling on her fingers, her face dazed.

Upon hearing Olga, she turns her head robotically and locks her eyes sharply on the Nyto.

Nemhran: What is your name?

Olga: Pardon?

Nemhran: I asked you your name.

Olga: Olga... You bestowed this name on me yourself.

Nemhran: Olga...

Nemhran nods thoughtfully.

Nemhran: Did I ask you to stand guard here?

Olga: Yes.

Nemhran nods again and walks up to her.

Nemhran: Then you must have something to give me.

Olga: ...I do.

Despite feeling a little confused about Nemhran's strange behavior, Olga still hands over the file in her hands deferentially.

Nemhran takes it and starts flipping through it without a word.

Sync data...

Syncing...

Synchronization complete...

Nemhran: Hm...

Half a second later, Nemhran closes the file with a nod.

Olga: Big Sister Nemhran...

Nemhran: ...Olga.

Olga: Huh...?!

Nemhran: You've done well.

Olga's eyes widen as Nemhran's cold face becomes the last thing they see.

Thud.

Her corpse falls heavily on the floorboards. She never knew what she'd done wrong until the very end.

...Which is only natural, since she had not actually done anything wrong.

Nemhran: ...Time to get to work.

Nemhran tosses the torn up file onto Olga's body, then strides towards the exit.

The dazed expression has vanished from her face.

Her memories of everything up until the moment when she met Father have returned.

As they have countless times before.

Loading...

■FILE■ NUSSR/DDR, decompressing...

■FILE■ AS, importing...

Inside Paradeus' temporary base.

A tall and slender Nyto walks slowly up to a T-Doll, who seems to be asleep. She utters a greeting.

Gray: Hello, Pandora.

RPK-16: ...

The next second, RPK-16's eyes snap open.

RPK-16: Hello, Mrs. Gray.

RPK-16: What an unexpected visitor. I didn't think you'd remember me.

Gray: I have no time for such nonsense.

RPK-16: That's understandable.

RPK-16: So, do you have a new job for me?

Gray: Count yourself lucky. We are ready to keep our end of the bargain.

RPK-16: Oh?

RPK-16 smiles faintly with narrowed eyes.

Gray: We're leaving Berlin for the time being.

Gray: Someone will escort you to our base.

RPK-16: Your base...

Gray: That's right, our actual base.

Gray: From now on, you are officially one of us, Pandora.

Gray: Rejoice.

RPK-16: You've kept me waiting long enough.

RPK-16 blinks and promptly gets to her feet.

...

On the border of the Neo-Soviet Union, several days after the Fireworks Incident.

Inside a safe house in St. Petersburg, Neo-Soviet Union.

A middle-aged man with a thin face leans back into his chair. His fingers are interlaced in front of him as he quietly regards the other man standing before him.

That man is the secret agent assigned to keep an eye on the St. Petersburg Military Sector HQ and also a special dispatch from Statesec's Second Main Directorate.

HQ Secret Operative: These are the personnel files for all the members of the St. Petersburg Military Sector HQ.

HQ Secret Operative: I've already highlighted their border entry and exit status.

Dupieux: We are very grateful for HQ's support.

The lean man nods slightly, but as he reaches out to accept the offered files, the officer before him places a hand on them.

The man looks at him and exerts a bit more force, but the other man does not let go.

Dupieux: We will handle this in an appropriate manner and expedite the authentication and sharing process.

HQ Secret Operative: ...Mr. Dupieux.

The hand pressing down on the documents does not slacken off in any way. The officer looks unflinchingly at Dupieux.

HQ Secret Operative: When does your department intend to release the Military Sector personnel who were detained?

Dupieux: ...I fear you have misunderstood something, Mister.

Dupieux looks at the man with a slight frown before finally pulling his hand back and leaning back into his chair. He interlaces his fingers and twiddles his thumbs thoughtfully.

Dupieux: It is not Statesec which will be performing a thorough investigation on the personnel involved in the Fireworks Incident, but Central.

Dupieux: I trust I don't need to remind you of your Sector's disappointing performance during such a momentous event.

HQ Secret Operative: ...We have reflected deeply upon our negligence, which is why we need more manpower to reorganize ourselves now.

Dupieux: I believe that everyone in the Sector understands exactly how gravely the central authority views the mismanagement.

HQ Secret Operative: I understand Central's decision and I am willing to cooperate fully with whatever they intend.

HQ Secret Operative: But that doesn't mean Statesec can just interfere with the Military's personnel arrangements, Mr. Dupieux.

HQ Secret Operative: We need to function normally first.

Dupieux: We are here to ensure that all arrangements make sense. We are certainly not here to cause difficulty for our comrades...

Dupieux: However, this process will take time.

Dupieux raises his chin slightly to interrupt the other man's reply. His voice is filled with unshakeable conviction.

Dupieux: The earlier chaos in your Sector was a major setback for Central during a critical moment.

HQ Secret Operative: It was only a few PMCs, Central should think about their comrades.

HQ Secret Operative: We have a few opportunists among us, but we can take care of them.

Dupieux: I'm afraid you cannot, Mister.

HQ Secret Operative: What do you mean?

Dupieux: That is because three members of the investigation team you arranged were culprits behind the disturbance.

Dupieux: If you don't even know who can be trusted, how do you expect to solve this problem?

HQ Secret Operative: ...

Dupieux: I sincerely hope that the various members of your Sector can have faith in the organization.

HQ Secret Operative: ...Understood.

Dupieux: I will update you on the situation once we make some progress.

Dupieux: Right now, we do not know exactly how many of the loopholes in our system have been exploited by the enemy.

Dupieux: That is why I have been asked by the central authority to establish a new insider network within the Sector.

Dupieux: After extensive research and debate that lasted through the night, our professionals have proposed a new system.

Dupieux spreads his arms and leans forward a little before taking the documents. This time, he is not impeded.

At the same time, the assistant standing beside him offers another set of documents.

Dupieux: We hope to see the new system up and running within 48 hours.

Dupieux: In addition, we hope that it will substitute the old, broken system... I trust you understand my meaning when I say there is no need to repair a broken net.

HQ Secret Operative: ...

After a brief moment of silence, the man nods and accepts the documents from Dupieux's assistant before turning to leave the room.

Dupieux turns to the side and regards his assistant with a half-smile.

Dupieux: We're more like mediators than counterintelligence agents.

Assistant: They're too afraid to doubt Central.

Assistant: So they're taking their anger out on us.

Dupieux: ...What a joke. Do they think that they can say anything to us that won't make it to Central's ears?

Dupieux: Never mind that. How's our investigation going?

Assistant: Very well, but we still need more time.

Dupieux: I hear the people on the border are acting up.

Assistant: Moscow is trying to resolve these issues right now.

Dupieux rubs his chin, and his fingers start drumming the table.

Dupieux: I have absolute faith in Central's abilities.

Dupieux: As for the foolish actions of these people in attempting to shake the Motherland... All I can say is that it's a shame.

Assistant: ...The great will of the Motherland is beyond question.

Click.

Just as Dupieux is making a great show of his regret, the communicator by his hand suddenly rings.

His fingers freezes mid-motion. The assistant immediately understands his cue. With a quick bow, he takes the documents and vacates the office.

After ensuring that he is alone in the office, Dupieux adjusts his collar before finally putting the call through.

Dupieux: This is Dupieux of the First Main Directorate.

Secretary: This is Zelinsky's office. I am Andrea, the secretary. Salutations, Colonel Dupieux.

Dupieux: Many thanks, Madam Andrea. I will now report on my progress.

Dupieux: The matter is proceeding very well. We have removed at least 70% of the reactionaries within the Military Sectors, and this figure is constantly rising.

Dupieux: There are no impediments to the implementation of the new system and we will reach completion within 72 hours.

Secretary: Congratulations, Colonel Dupieux. Central will not forget your efforts.

Secretary: In truth, that is why this office has chosen to contact you at this time.

Dupieux: Oh?

Dupieux unconsciously straightens up in his seat.

Dupieux: ...May I inquire as to the meaning of that?

His tone is formal and all his prior smugness is gone. Even alone, he acts as though he is hanging on to every word to come.

Secretary: Central wishes to acknowledge your outstanding contributions over the past year of work.

Secretary: After careful consideration, you have been appointed as the vice-chairman of the Committee's Bureau.

Secretary: Your appointment takes effect immediately. Please return to Moscow within three days to present yourself for duty.

Dupieux: ...I am deeply grateful for Central's approval. I will move without delay.

Secretary: We look forward to hearing from you.

The transmission ends.

Dupieux: ...

Dupieux cracks his finger joints. He is not delighted or excited as one might expect.

His eyes narrow as he contemplates in silence.

Dupieux: Zelinsky... What are you up to?

His long years of espionage and counterintelligence work allow him to remain calm in such a situation. He knows very well that this is entirely unprecedented.

Dupieux: All of Moscow is in upheaval after the Fireworks Incident, and they're transferring me at a time like this?

Dupieux: ...They're promoting me at this juncture, without the need to hand over my work.

Dupieux: Are they trying to get me out of St. Petersburg?

Dupieux: Or do they want me back in Moscow?

Dupieux: Is this a future prospect... or a trap...?

Dupieux rises from his desk and grabs his coat. After typing up a quick reply to Zelinsky's office on his computer, he leaves in a rush.

...

Dupieux's footsteps are hurried. He is now only one street away from his apartment.

Dupieux: ...Hm?

He narrows his eyes and keeps his gaze pointed forward, but he glances at the security in front of his apartment out of the corner of his vision.

He clearly remembers that the camera was facing the road; it was a perfectly ordinary traffic camera.

But the camera lens has been turned 90 degrees, and is now directly pointed at the entrance of his apartment block.

Dupieux: ...

Still feigning ignorance, Dupieux looks both ways before crossing the road, making a show of checking for oncoming traffic.

Dupieux: Shifting the angle of the security camera... These methods are very familiar.

His face is the picture of calm as he crosses the road without ever making direct eye contact with the camera.

After entering the apartment building, he pretends he didn't notice the cleaner who's been replaced and warmly greets the concierge before taking the elevator to his floor and arriving before the door to his apartment.

Dupieux: ...

He inserts his key into the keyhole, and the lock's mechanism clicks in response.

No matter how advanced technology gets, Dupieux insists on using the most traditional mechanical locks.

The reason for that is simple—once they've been used, they leave signs behind.

Dupieux: The lock is fine... but that's the biggest problem.

Dupieux: They've done something to the lock...

Dupieux: ...My cover's been blown...

Dupieux enters the room with calm nonchalance and dumps his coat on the bed.

He packs a change of clothing, then pulls out his communicator and contacts his assistant.

While sitting on the bed, he goes through a list of essential items like passport, visas and so on, looking perfectly relaxed as he does so.

Dupieux: Hello? Miss Rita? Yes, it's me.

Dupieux: Help me schedule a flight heading back to Moscow for tomorrow... No, make that in an hour.

Dupieux: I need to return to Central on urgent business. I'll be taking a shower, so send a car over to pick me up in 20 minutes.

He leisurely stuffs an unfinished book into his suitcase and even makes time to put on the kettle.

???: The target will be repositioning in 20 minutes. ETA Moscow Airport in four hours.

???: Things are going well. No abnormalities detected in the target.

???: Stick to the plan and don't alarm him.

???: Continue in accordance with Ordinance 13.

Dupieux puts down the glass of hot tea he's holding and enters the bathroom.

There are still 20 more minutes... He needs to get out of here immediately, by tonight. There isn't a moment to delay.

A transmission makes its way out through a certain encrypted channel—

I need to leave the Soviet Union immediately. Requesting assistance and political asylum from the "Evangelist".
Part 2: Cangue Breaking

2

There are EMP grenades in the tunnel. They can be used to paralyze enemies and keep them from moving. Please make appropriate use of these items while clearing the stage.
Part 3: Wheelrut

3

Knock knock.

K: Director, I've obtained a vital lead regarding the "Dreambox" case.

Romy: ...Yes, we need to act before the opposition does.

Romy: I don't want excuses, only results.

Inside the Director's office, Romy frowns and looks unhappily at K as the latter barges in.

K realizes what he's done and makes to back out, but then Romy raises a hand to stop him.

Romy: If you can't do it, find someone else who can.

Romy: The Stasi doesn't pay wage thieves.

Click.

The transmission ends.

Romy: ...

K: ...

K: ...Director?

Romy: Report your findings.

K: Yes, ma'am.

K: Tallinn, Bohnsdorf, the orphanage... I've finished indexing and compiling the background information, approval documents and related records for all these locations which were involved in Paradeus' "product".

K: We have reason to believe that these places are not where their real lair is.

K: The most direct reason for that is because the research environments of these locations could not have produced "products" of Gray and Bramedb's grade.

K: I've checked the Stasi internal archives. None of our people have handled the "raw material" provisions side of things, but upon closer examination, their procedures are very comprehensive.

K lays the documents in front of Romy.

K: While they're not on the scale of a prohibited laboratory, these places all have underground facilities to a certain extent, including Galatea Corporation's own properties.

K: Just applying for public works approval is a long process in itself.

K: ...If there are no surprises, these ought to be enough to explain the situation.

K: R&D work on the high-end Nytos and the cores of the Boxes of Iaso was conducted elsewhere. Such a vast undertaking would require extensive facilities, ample space and personnel. There's no way they could have gotten all of that without leaving traces behind.

K: I've looked into the relevant pharmaceutical and high-precision equipment manufacturers as well as their import/export logs.

K: ...While some of the documents were with their engineering departments and I could not obtain them, there is one thing of which I can be sure.

K: They are most definitely located in Berlin... and that is where the problem lies.

K: I've combed all of Berlin but I couldn't find a single trace of them.

K: There are no suspicious buildings and satellite imagery could not find anything problematic in any undeveloped areas.

K: That's as far as our investigation has gotten... I sincerely apologize.

Romy: ...

Romy silently studies the reports K has placed on her desk. Without saying a word, she takes out her cigarette case. She places the black filter to her lips, then produces a silver lighter from one of her pockets.

Romy: ...You've checked them all?

K: I have. I'm certain we haven't missed anything.

Romy: Haven't you?

Holding her cigarette between her thumb and forefinger, Romy exhales a cloud of smoke and lightly taps the lit end on her glass ashtray to dislodge the ashes.

Romy: How about this place?

She indicates "a certain region" on the map.

K: ...The "Dead Sea"?

K looks at Romy in surprise.

Romy: It's been abandoned for years, and its radiation intensity has remained high all this time, so it's been regarded as an irrecoverable "Black Zone".

Romy: No map will contain any details on its contents, even military-grade maps.

K: ...But like you said, it's a Black Zone.

K: Nobody can go in there... Not even Dolls could function normally in such a place, to say nothing of human beings.

Romy: We're not talking about human beings, but a pile of "corpses", Schwaben.

Romy: Don't you think it would be a natural lab for Paradeus?

K: ...

Romy: Besides... think about it this way. Technology is constantly advancing.

Romy: Perhaps someone managed to solve the problem you mentioned, or say, a group of people who are devoted to radiation research.

K: ...So you expected something like this.

K: Since you knew the answer from the beginning, why did you have me investigate?

Romy: Only a moron would blindly believe what they see.

Romy: Why limit yourself to just one option?

K: So that's what they mean when they say a true chessmaster doesn't make a single masterstroke...

Romy: I've already shared this information with the Commander.

Romy: You'll be responsible for helping Operation Aeneas come to fruition after this.

K: ...Understood.

K: Wait... We'll be assisting someone else?

Romy: We need a stiletto to thrust into the heart of the enemy.

Romy: ...But it should preferably be wielded by someone else.

K: I understand... I'll make sure not to get too involved.

K pauses, then with a nod, he turns to leave the office.

After K is gone, Romy leans her chin on one hand and raps idly on her desk before gazing quietly at the documents sitting on it.

...

Broadcast: ...Sources indicate that the large-scale armed conflict on the Soviet border was precipitated by a reactionary organization.

Broadcast: Following approval by the Berlin government, large quantities of Soviet refugees will be crossing the German border and some of them will be housed within Berlin City.

Broadcast: Berlin's citizens have voiced bitter protest against this and many refugees have joined their movement. According to what is known, the protesters' demands are...

Click.

After reaching out to turn off the radio broadcast, Romy taps her ear mike with one hand while holding the steering wheel with the other.

Romy: Sterling? Brigitte?

Sterling: Present.

Brigitte: At your service.

Romy nonchalantly glances into her rear view mirror.

Four black motorcars are following her without bothering to conceal themselves.

Romy: As we predicted, they're about to make their move.

Romy: I need a pickup. Also, compute the best route for me.

Sterling: Processing. We'll meet you at Fallback Point A.

Sterling: We've sent the quickest route to your vehicle terminal.

Bangbangbang—!!

Screech—

Romy: Tsk!

Romy turns the wheel and pivots the car before glancing into her rear view mirror again.

A man has emerged from the car's sunroof. He is holding a compact submachine gun and is hosing her car down in the middle of the street without any hesitation whatsoever.

Romy: ...

There are four cars and 15 men altogether. She has no chance at all in a stand-up firefight. No matter what, she has to hold out until she can rendezvous with the Dolls.

Romy: Speaking of which... are you REALLY sure I can reach the fallback point safely?

Sterling: ...I swear it upon my honor. These people will not pose a threat to you.

Romy glances at the route displayed on the terminal, then hits the brakes, causing the vehicle to fishtail wildly as it comes about.

Using this opening, she takes aim at her pursuers and accurately puts a bullet into the skull of the assassin leaning out of the sunroof.

Immediately after that, she eases off the brakes and steps on the gas, causing the vehicle to lurch forward swiftly on a new heading.

Sterling: Alert! New targets at 3 o'clock!

Brigitte: Alert! New targets at 9 o'clock!

Romy: ...Are you two parroting each other or something?

While she's still thinking—

A racing black shadow charges through the other side of the cross junction she's passing through and slams into her vehicle like a thunderbolt.

It is a heavy cross-country vehicle, and considering it was going fast enough to trigger alerts, Romy's vehicle flips end over end through the air, grinding along the road before crashing into a grocery store display window and coming to a halt.

The car's side door is visibly sunken in, and the empty front axle is still spinning wildly.

...

The cars chasing Romy soon catch up to her, and the vehicles fan out to enclose Romy's vehicle in their midst.

Several black-clad assassins dismount with crisp, efficient movements, chambering rounds in their weapons as they move up to approach Romy's vehicle.

It finally grows still. The car, whose frame was deformed by the collision, is embedded into the grocery store, with only its base is showing. The punctured fuel tank leaks petrol, which pools into a puddle on the pavement.

Assassin: ...

The assassins swiftly approach the vehicle, but as they draw close and verify the situation inside the car, they are shocked to realize that there is nobody inside.

Romy: ...Humph.

Rattle, rattle, rattle...

A snort comes from the shadows inside the grocery store, followed by a grenade tumbling into the pool of gas under the leaking fuel tank.

BOOM!!!

The sparks from the explosion ignite the car's gas tank, and the ensuing fireball consumes the assassins and the grocery store.

Meanwhile, Romy is thrown through the broken glass windows by the force of the explosion and rolls into the alley behind the store.

Sterling: Still alive?

Romy: So much for your "honor".

Sterling: Don't relax just yet. There are two more teams nearby.

Sterling: Please proceed to the appointed location ASAP.

Romy: The car's gone, so I'll have to proceed on foot.

Romy: Compute a new route for me.

As Romy hurries down the alley, wave after wave of noise reaches her ears. It almost drowns out the sound of her communicator.

Romy: Why is it so noisy anyway?

Brigitte: There is a large refugee protest up ahead.

Brigitte: Recomputing a route for you!

Romy: No need!

Bang!

Romy: Tsk!

Bang!

Bang!

After returning a shot to the people behind her, Romy slicks her hair back and casually ties it up, then changes her magazine with practiced skill.

Romy: This hairstyle is really inconvenient.

She can already see the refugees in front of her.

The distorted sounds are now becoming clear.

Refugee: ...Protest! We oppose the jingoists invading our homes!

Refugee: We oppose the Soviets taking our land!

Romy: ...Why are they doing this?

Brigitte: According to the protesters, they're against the government's decision to shelter the Soviet refugees...

Romy: How "unfortunate"...

Romy: Wait a minute, are they talking about PMCs like Griffin?

Sterling: Yes, look out behind you!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Romy: ...A refugee protest?

After getting behind cover, Romy chucks a tear gas canister out behind her—in the cramped alley, any pursuers will need to pass through the gas cloud in order to get to her.

Soviet refugees... Could that be—

Romy: I'll reach the fallback point in 15 minutes.

Romy: Also, send me a diagram of the route Griffin is taking into the country.

—Oberstein's enemy was never the Stasi. Everything he did was pointing to the same target.

Sterling: Got it! We'll be there right away!

Bang!

Romy: Your "right away" had better be reliable— Tsk! See you at the fallback point!

Romy: We'll talk once we've taken care of this lot!

Sterling: Roger!
Part 4: Lurking I

4

During this stage, the first move that Romy's squad makes in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.
Part 5: Lurking I (Again)

5

Friendly reinforcements have arrived. During this stage, the first two moves that the Statesec agents make in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.
Part 6: Lurking II

6

Bang!

Romy: —!

Her magazine is empty.

Romy hefts her gun in her hand. She doesn't even need to check; its weight already makes that fact abundantly clear.

The blood gushing from a cut on her forehead is slowly obscuring her vision—the crash must've been more severe than she expected.

Romy: (Pants)

She stumbles out of the alley and staggers into an open construction site.

Bang!

With no cover to shelter her, a bullet hits the ground beside her leg.

Assassin: ...

There were over a dozen assassins at the outset, but now only four of them remain, doggedly pursuing her.

They aren't much better off than Romy, and their wretched state is a clear sign of the price one would have to pay to pursue a Stasi agent.

But right now, they have bullets, and Romy does not.

Romy: Where's that backup I keep hearing all these stories about?!

Sterling: ...

Brigitte: Head forward and don't look back.

Romy: Can I even trust you...

Romy breathes a sigh of relief as she hears her comrades, but just as she's about to head forward...

...A cold gun muzzle is pressed against the back of her head.

An unfamiliar yet cold male voice addresses her, accompanied by palpable bloodlust.

Assassin: Freeze.

Romy: ...You've got to be kidding me.

Romy reflexively puts her hands in the air.

However, she immediately realizes that it's pointless—the opposition isn't trying to take her alive.

She closes her eyes and holds her breath. She can almost hear the assassin slowly pulling the trigger.

Just as she hears the gunshot...

Assassin: ...

Bang—!!

As the shot rings out, hot blood drenches the back of Romy's neck. The metallic sensation at the back of her head is also gone.

A mighty impact has disintegrated the man's gun hand. Fresh blood and the pistol both fly into the air.

Assassin: Huh...?

Assassin: Huh...ah? AHHHHHH!!!!

The man doesn't even realize what has happened right away.

Then he realizes that his dominant hand is missing, and he needs no further encouragement to scream piteously.

Assassin: It's an ambush! We've been amb...?!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The three people behind him immediately realize what's going on and raise their guns.

Romy doesn't give them a chance; she picks up the gun on the ground and swiftly pulls the trigger.

As their colleague screams, they don't even have the chance to put up any resistance before going down amidst a series of gunshots, becoming silent corpses on the ground.

Romy: Next time...

She quietly exhales.

Romy: ...Would you mind being a bit quicker about it?

Sterling: Targets silenced.

Sterling: Mission accomplished.

Sterling and Brigitte emerge from the shadows. Their weapons are still hot.

Romy: I almost died back there.

Brigitte: But you're still alive, aren't you?

Romy: So it's just the two of you? Where are the others?

Romy: God, I miss Mona so much...

Romy: I once had a truly reliable teammate in front of me.

Romy: I didn't cherish her enough, and now I'm regretting it.

Edith: We're some distance off, we'll regroup with you ASAP.

Edith: And quit complaining, Miss Mona's busy too!

Dagmar: Manpower is tight at Statesec, we hope you understand.

Edith: He's just annoyed that it's us.

Edith: Even though he's so pathetic-looking himself...

Romy: Is this how you treat a colleague?!

Edith: The heck? We take orders from Miss Romy, not you.

Edith: Wait, don't tell me you're hooked on impersonating her...

Edith: Agent J?

J: ...Well, I must stay in character until the end of the performance.

Sterling: ...That's enough, the mission isn't over yet.

Sterling: If there are no surprises, there should be at least another half dozen murder attempts coming up.

J: ...This has to be the worst mission I've ever been given.

J: BAR NONE!

...

The Commander contacts K near the landing strip.

K: You're at the airport already? How was your trip?

Commander: A little bumpy, but alright.

Commander: More importantly, how are Mr. Kryuger and the others doing?

K: I checked, those weren't MOD documents.

K: My guess is that they were still traumatized by that big disturbance last time and they're going after you specifically. Once you pretend to "leave Berlin" as planned, my guess is that they won't encounter any trouble.

Commander: Got it. I'll escort the General to Frankfurt, as planned.

K: Have you finished putting together your spec ops team?

Commander: ...The opposition hasn't made a move yet, but I'm worried we won't have enough time.

K: ...If they didn't do anything, you wouldn't be able to bear it.

Commander: Yeah.

The Commander sounds a little restless through the comm.

K: Relax, we'll have a chance.

Commander: I know.

The Commander sighs.

K: You DO know why Miss Romy entrusted the task of escorting the General to you, right?

Commander: Yes, and I won't let her down.

Commander: Given my status, completing this mission implies that the Griffin base will come under the General's protection.

K: Yeah. Hang on, I'll give you command authority over Squad Nitrogen.

K: Good luck.

Commander: ...?!

Commander: ...You're going to directly transfer a Stasi Doll squad's command permissions to me?

Commander: Isn't this a bit much?

K: Relax, this is also what Miss Romy wanted.

K: We're sincere about this collaboration, and this is a portion of our sincerity.

Commander: ...Please give Miss Romy my thanks.

Commander: And also...

ST AR-15: Commander.

Commander: Hm?

Just then, ST AR-15 suddenly interrupts the Commander's transmission.

ST AR-15: They're here.

Commander: ...I have to go.

K: I'm counting on you.

Click.

The call ends.

The Commander puts down the communicator.

Commander: Prepare for battle.

ST AR-15: Roger!
Part 7: Vortex

7

Task Force Aeneas registration complete—Squad Nitrogen.

???: The heck is this? Why do we need a special network space just for a meeting?

???: Wouldn't it be more convenient to just use our comms directly?

???: Don't you get it? This is called being a pro.

???: Why do I get the feeling that you're talking out of your ass...

Mona: Greetings. Codename Nitrogen is in position. I'm the squad leader, Mona.

Rhino: I'm the freshly-appointed Stasi agent Doll, Rhino.

No. 9: I'm a mercenary Doll, codename No. 9. I have been hired by Statesec to work with you on this mission.

RO635: I've already shared the briefing files with everyone here. You can read them after the meeting is over.

RO635: Now, allow me to explain the details of Operation Aeneas.

Mona: But we're still missing quite a few people. Aren't we going to wait for them?

RO635: It's alright, they'll show up when the time comes.

Mona: ...

RO635: In that case, I'll begin.

RO635: This operation is codenamed "Aeneas". Our objective is to rescue Ange, and to investigate the Paradeus hideout in the "Dead Sea".

RO635: Currently, the information that we have verified... Mona, if you'd please.

Mona: Yes. The following is all information provided by the Stasi.

Mona: One—Paradeus has lost their Berlin base after the battle against your Commander and the Stasi.

Mona: After comparing many days' worth of surveillance imagery, movement into the Black Zone has risen at an abnormal rate. While we have not yet found any clear links between Paradeus and Galatea, given the recent increase in the radiation index, we have reason to believe their HQ is located within the "Dead Sea".

Mona: In fact, we suspect that their HQ is located in that region.

Mona: Two—during the previous fighting, I engaged in direct combat with the high-ranking Nyto Bramedb.

Mona: Records of that encounter have been preserved and I will upload them to the conference room afterwards, for everyone's reference.

Mona: Three—the two Tactical Dolls working for the Stasi in Squad Nitrogen—namely myself and Rhino—are the highest-spec units that the Stasi can field at the moment.

Mona: No. 9 is also a renowned elite among mercenary Dolls. We will provide our full support for the duration the upcoming operation.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's awesome... Huh? We're going into a Black Zone?

M4 SOPMOD II: Doesn't that mean we won't be able to communicate with each other?

RO635: That's why we've established this conference room. As long as 45 is around, we can communicate through her neural cloud layer.

Mona: I see... It seems you've also made extensive preparations.

RO635: As you may have surmised, the situation inside the Black Zone will be very complex. Even Dolls will have to be cautious.

RO635: We must complete the appropriate preparations and be ready to enter the Black Zone at any time.

Inside a certain safe house at the Soviet-German border.

The cold wind beats against the windows of the wooden cabin, emitting non-stop howls that chill the soul.

Dupieux: (Pants heavily)

Seated in front of the stove, Dupieux ends up breaking multiple matchsticks with his trembling hands.

Dupieux: God... dammit...

He needs heat to stay warm...

Whoosh...

Firelight fills the stove, and the bone-dry kindling ignites. Warm air wafts out of the stove immediately.

Dupieux: Whew...

Thud.

Dupieux: —!

Just as Dupieux is about to relax, an unnatural noise comes from inside the cabin.

Almost instantly, he pivots and fires several shots at the door out of reflex.

The swinging wooden door immediately sports three conspicuous holes, and the light that streams inside illuminates the motes of dust dancing in the air.

Dupieux: (Pants heavily)

He can almost feel his heart in his throat.

Are they Statesec pursuers? How did they follow him so quickly?

Is... is this place no longer safe? He needs... he needs to go now.

???: "Polar Bear"?

Dupieux: —!

The communicator has been switched on at some point and a crisp woman's voice speaks through it. Startled, Dupieux throws it away from him. The communicator spins on the ground and comes to a halt in the center of the room.

Dupieux: ...Evangelist? Is that you?

Dupieux: No... Who are you?

Q: Nice to meet you, "Polar Bear".

Q: I am Q of the Stasi.

Dupieux: Stasi? ...What do you want?

Dupieux: Did the Evangelist send you?

Q: Hm... Sorry, but I'll have to ask you to tell me about this "Evangelist" in detail afterwards.

Q: I'm sure the Soviets are also very curious about him.

Dupieux: ...

Dupieux looks incredulously at the communicator.

Dupieux: You, you—

Q: Believe me, this isn't personal.

Bang!!

A gunshot echoes through an echoing canyon as a bullet flies through the woods, the wind and the snow, piercing the rotted wooden door and striking Dupieux in his center mass just as he's about to flee.

Pzzt... Pzzzt...

A paralyzing electrical current immediately pours into his body, his muscles, his joints and his nerves...

In an instant, his consciousness is taken by the bullet, sinking into a silent darkness.

Q: Whew... Thanks for fleeing with all your might.

Q: If the Soviets had found you first, it would have all been for nothing.

Through the scope of her rifle, Q sees the incredulous look on Dupieux's face. Yet, he keels over without so much as a sound.

Q: Hm, looks like I caught a big fish~

Q: Now let's see, who's this Evangelist that's going to show up?
Part 8: Gardener

    8chevron_right

...

On board Schweinsteiger's private jet, Berlin airspace.

Stasi Liaison: ...Emergency report. There are major outbreaks of violence on Preußische Straße and the locality of Wedding.

Stasi Liaison: So far, the number of injured is confirmed to be at around 20.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Click.

He turns off the transmission, and there is an imperceptible shift in his expression.

Bodyguard: General, we will arrive at the capital within an hour.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Bodyguard: General?

Schweinsteiger: I heard you. Leave me, I need some personal space.

Bodyguard: Yes, sir.

The bodyguard respectfully closes the cabin door, leaving Schweinsteiger alone inside his luxurious cabin.

Schweinsteiger: To think you'd be so impulsive...

Schweinsteiger: You've gotten old, Oberstein.

Schweinsteiger shakes his head and chuckles sardonically before calling up Romy.

Schweinsteiger: Has it been taken care of?

Romy: Everything is going according to plan.

Romy: We are steadily erasing the traces in Berlin.

Schweinsteiger: I'm not just talking about internal business.

Schweinsteiger: You know what I mean.

Romy: Yes. We're also trimming back the tentacles from the outside.

Schweinsteiger: Well done... However, I sometimes wonder, were we too radical before?

Schweinsteiger: After the "Fireworks" blossomed, the tension in Moscow seems to have spread to Frankfurt.

Romy: Rest assured, no matter what decision you make, we will always have the advantage.

Romy: In a war like this, information is power.

Romy: And now, all this information is at your disposal.

Schweinsteiger: You should head back to the capital once you've dealt with Berlin.

Romy: Yes, sir.

Schweinsteiger: No matter how brightly the flames of anger burn, they will cool one day...

Schweinsteiger: If he is unwilling to make a dignified exit, then we shall spare his dignity for him.

Schweinsteiger adjusts his hat, coughs twice, then slowly walks up to his sofa and reaches out to pick up several roses from the coffee table.

They are all of different colors—black, red and yellow, all stuck into a vase, their petals still coated with drops of water.

Their vibrant colors are like a flag fluttering high in the air.

Schweinsteiger: Hm?

Schweinsteiger pauses briefly as he notices an exquisite recording pen in front of his champagne flute.

Schweinsteiger: ...

He picks up the pen and presses the play button.

Oberstein: Good morning, General Schweinsteiger.

Oberstein: I hope I have not interrupted your breakfast.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Schweinsteiger shrugs, then puts the pen down before sitting back on the sofa.

He does not seem the least bit surprised by the voice coming from the pen.

Oberstein: I regret I could not speak to you in person.

Oberstein: But this will not affect our friendship.

Oberstein: I believe you will like the present I have given you.

Oberstein: I am certain that I cannot go wrong using it as an opportunity for us to make up with each other.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Oberstein: At times, but only at times, it is natural for friends to have conflicting opinions, and arguments, while rare, are still normal.

Oberstein: But that does not mean they cannot make peace after the argument...

Oberstein: Maintaining our friendship will do us both good.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Oberstein: Compared to those outsiders, we are friends who can truly trust each other.

Schweinsteiger: What exactly do you want... Minister Oberstein?

Schweinsteiger mutters to himself as he stares at the recording pen.

Oberstein: I do not want to see invasive species in our garden.

Oberstein: Everything I have done has been dedicated to this end.

As though he was anticipating Schweinsteiger's question, Oberstein supplies his answer.

Oberstein: Trust me, General.

Oberstein: In the end, only we can help ourselves.

Oberstein's voice pauses before continuing warmly.

Oberstein: I guarantee that when everything is over, I will kindle our friendship brighter than it's ever become.

Oberstein: Perhaps it is time to restore the Stasi to its full glory, last seen a century ago. I trust that you will prove to be an indispensable gardener within our garden.

Oberstein: As you always have.

Click.

The recording comes to an end.

Schweinsteiger removes his hat and sighs heavily.

Just then, there is a knock on the door.

Schweinsteiger: I said, I wanted to be alone.

???: ...

However, the person outside doesn't seem to have heard and opens the door.

A waiter dressed in white enters. His face is blank as he presents a bottle of champagne.

Schweinsteiger is certain that he's never seen this man before.

Waiter: Please enjoy.

The champagne bottle has "To friendship" written on it in bright red letters.

As Schweinsteiger sits on the sofa, his eyes unconsciously drift to the hidden doorway—his bodyguards are still on duty, yet they are paying no attention to what is happening in here.

Meanwhile, the waiter before him doesn't seem to have noticed Schweinsteiger's glance. He simply opens the bottle and politely fills his glass.

The fizzing bubbles from the champagne make a pleasant sound in the glass.

Schweinsteiger: ...

Waiter: ...

Schweinsteiger: ...To friendship.
With that, Schweinsteiger picks up the champagne, clinks it against an empty glass, and downs it in one gulp.

...

Inside the abandoned Paradeus base.

After the brief conversation, Gray puts down the communicator with a grave look on her face.

Grig: ...Gray.

After confirming that Gray's transmission is over. Grig carefully steps up to her side.

Morridow lies curled up in the corner. Her body is covered in wounds, but her eyes are filled with light and life.

Gray: ...I'm fine.

Gray: Teacher, how are you now?

Morridow: I'm largely alright after the emergency repairs.

Gray: ...I didn't think they'd do this to you when I took you to the base inside the city...

Morridow: A failure has no right to make demands, Gray.

Gray: ...You're right. Father has already had Bramedb clear that place out.

Gray: Nemhran ordered her to bring RPK-16 to Avernus while keeping an eye on her.

Gray: However... she made no mention of either you or us, Teacher.

Grig: Doesn't that mean we should return to Avernus too?

Gray: ...

Gray frowns as she hesitates.

Gray: ...If we go back now... There will be no turning back.

Gray: And we've already received news that "that person" is headed for Frankfurt.

Grig: Ange is still with us. Do you think "that person" will really give up?

Gray: Nobody can gainsay Father when he says he wants someone.

Morridow: We must go back immediately.

Morridow, who has been silent all this time, suddenly raises her head.

Gray: Teacher?

Morridow: We have made too many mistakes, and Father does not like mistakes.

Morridow: Our current situation has made many things clear. If we do not do something, we will all be discarded.

Morridow says so in a casual tone.

Morridow: ...I need an opportunity to meet with Father in person. That's the only way we can turn things around.

Morridow: Otherwise, we will all die here.

Gray: ...I understand.

Morridow: Help me up, Grig.

Grig: ...Alright.

Morridow gets to her feet. Still leaning on Grig, she makes her way forward with determination in her eyes.

Gray: ...I don't understand.

Morridow: Gray, if we stay here, we will be discarded.

Morridow: Nemhran has already gone back.

Gray: But her task has ended now that the "Fireworks" have blossomed.

Gray: Isn't it normal for her to go back?

Morridow: No, it means Avernus needs her to work on something new.

Morridow: Failure isn't the worst thing, but by not taking part in the core project, we will have lost all value.

Gray: ...I see.

Morridow: As long as I can return to Avernus, we will regain Father's trust.

Morridow: I can assure you of that.

At a temporary safe house near Berlin Airport.

The Commander connects to the Aeneas conference room.

...Identity verified, please input your login password.

Password accepted. Connecting...

You have successfully logged on to the Operation Aeneas Conference Room.

Commander: Are there any new developments concerning our target?

RO635: Commander, Morridow's signal is on the move.

Commander: Excellent. Let's sync up our information.

RO635: Roger.

RO635: Both members of Squad Umbrella are present. We're watching the target.

UMP45: Both members of Squad Unicorn are in position, ready to assist Squad Umbrella during ops.

Mona: All three members of Squad Nitrogen are in position. En route to the objective.

Gager: Both members of Squad Ferrum are in position. Standing by for further instructions.

RO635: I've already shared the regional offline map, Paradeus-related information and security contact frequencies with everyone.

RO635: Everyone should have topped up their ammo and tactical supplies before setting out.

RO635: Total number of Operation Aeneas personnel that have been gathered is 9/12.

Commander: We can't wait for the rest of the team to assemble since the target has already started moving. I'll inform RO about how to incorporate the forthcoming team members.

Commander: Please remember the mission requirements—speed and stealth.

Commander: Right now, we are an unexpected dagger to the enemy's heart.

Commander: I'll confirm the mission status with everyone again.

Commander: Operation Aeneas is a raid with two objectives—

Commander: 1. To rescue Angelia. Contact me immediately if anything goes wrong.

Commander: 2. To get a grasp of enemy structures and units within the "Dead Sea".

Commander: Dandelion will ensure this conference room remains accessible.

Commander: I'll provide assistance if you need anything.

Commander: But I won't be on the frontlines, RO.

RO635: Roger.

Commander: You're the leader of this operation, so you have the responsibility of making decisions.

RO635: ...I won't let you down.

RO635: Is there anything else you'd like to remind us about, Commander?

Commander: Also, I mentioned something about support earlier—Persica has sent "Chessmaster" over.

Commander: Upload every location you find here immediately. That way, Chessmaster can extrapolate the objective's location through already-known coordinates.

RO635: Understood. We'll link up with her ASAP.

Commander: Right. Any other questions?

After a brief silence, the Commander speaks again.

Commander: Alright. We will now officially commence Operation Aeneas.

The Dolls fall silent.

Just as UMP45 ends the comm, she hears another soft ringtone. It's the Commander's personal encrypted channel.

UMP45: Commander, you have extra tasks for me?

UMP45: Let me make this clear, you'll be billed extra for it.

Commander: Of course. This operation is going to be carried out by Dolls from multiple different squads.

Commander: While I have complete faith in RO's abilities, she's going to need help.

UMP45: Of course, I'll be on her side—

UMP45: So long as 9 and I are safe.

Commander: 45, I need you to support RO—whatever the cost.

UMP45: ...

Commander: This mission's difficulty is on an unprecedented level. Even all of your individual strengths will not be enough to accomplish it.

Commander: Only if the entire team is united as one do you have a chance of completing the mission.

UMP45: You always did love ordering services that weren't on the menu, Commander.

Commander: This isn't an order. I'm asking a favor of you.

Commander: And you don't need to spare my dignity here. I know I'm being extremely unreasonable—

Commander: I am asking you to put your life on the line to support RO.

UMP45: So it's a request from you, Commander...

45 lowers her head. There's no telling what is going through her mind.

A moment later, she looks up again.

UMP45: Understood.

UMP45: Still, you'd better not welch on the bill no matter how many zeroes there are on it. ♪

Commander: Of course. I'll pay up no matter how big it is.

With her usual enigmatic smile, UMP45 leaves the meeting room.

Commander: ...Please come back alive to stick me with the bill, 45.

On the outskirts of Berlin, at the border of the Red Zone, where there are few traces of people.

From under a building which looks like it's about to collapse at any time, RO635 carefully studies the movements of the blip on her scanner.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO... I'm so booooored! Can't we move out yet?

RO635: Hang in there a little longer, SOP-II.

UMP45, who is also monitoring the scans, leans over.

UMP45: The target has been turning in place for the past 10 minutes.

UMP45: Should we investigate the possibility that the tracking device might have been removed?

UMP9: Yeah, they might have stuck it on a robot dog or something...

RO635: There isn't much chance of that. The tracker was planted inside the target's body while the target was unconscious.

RO635: It won't be easily spotted without a full-body inspection.

RO635: Given their current situation, they wouldn't have had the chance to perform such a detailed examination.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yup, I hid it myself!

The four pairs of eyes turn to the scanner screen once again, but the blip representing their target still has not left its original position.

UMP45: How about closing the distance to the target?

RO635: ...Let me think about it.

After studying the target's path and the nearby terrain, RO635 ponders her options...

M4 SOPMOD II: RO! The target has suddenly started moving at high speed!

RO635: What?!

As the four of them watch, the target blip suddenly rockets into the Red Zone.

RO635: We need to catch up!

UMP45: Roger.

The four Dolls' clothes rustle quietly as they vanish into the ruins.

...In the Red Zone on the outskirts of Berlin.

After ensuring that they haven't been followed, three ghostly figures emerge from a long-abandoned ruin.

Morridow: ...Have we lost our tails?

Morridow: Extra complications will do us no good at a time like this.

Gray: Don't worry... I'm sure of it.

Gray: Do you want to rest here for a bit, Teacher? Your condition...

Grig: ...

Grig watches in silence as Gray speaks softly to Morridow while helping her sit down for a short rest before turning away.

Grig: I'll go watch the perimeter.

Gray: We're already in the Red Zone. Avernus isn't far from here.

Morridow: I'm fine... Let's move out quickly.

Morridow: I keep thinking... I'm missing something.

Gray: But Teacher, your wounds...

Morridow: These wounds are nothing. they're not critical... Don't look down on me just because I still have my body of flesh, Gray.

Morridow: Rather than my wounds, I'm more worried that those cunning rats might have done something to my body while I was unconscious.

Gray: ...We can't rule that out. If it were me, I'd have injected nanomachine trackers.

Gray: Even so, the sensitivity of any instrumentation will plummet after entering a Red Zone.

Morridow: ...I hope that's the case.

Morridow: Otherwise there's no telling who's the unlucky one here.

Morridow licks her lips, and her anxiety drives her to stand again.

Morridow: Let's go. We'd better not delay.

Gray: ...Yes, Teacher.

Grig: ...

Noticing their movements, Grig silently returns to Gray's side and looks at the pair.

Grig: Is it still our priority to shake off our pursuers?

Gray: Hm. While I don't think it's likely that they managed to follow us here, we should detour a little more for safety's sake.

Gray: I'll leave some Nytos behind along the way to delay any pursuers. That ought to be enough for us to make it into Avernus.

Grig: Alright.

Gray: I'll lead the way. You watch Teacher.

Once again, the women vanish into the rubble like ghosts.

...On the outskirts of Berlin, in the Red Zone.

The target blip has been running all over the place on the scanner screen ever since their objective entered the Red Zone.

Not daring to lose a single clue, RO635 has no choice but to frantically pursue it...

M4 SOPMOD II: I think this scanner is messing with us!

UMP9: I have to agree...

UMP45: RO, there's no point panicking. Stop for a bit to analyze things.

RO635: Yeah, we seem to have been going in circles all this while...

RO comes to a halt, and with UMP45's help, she begins analyzing the crazy readings on the sensor screen.

M4 SOPMOD II: Man, the signal disruption in the Red Zone is such a pain. If I were a little further away from you, I wouldn't be able to tell which signal is yours, will I?

UMP9: That's true... So does that mean we might end up not recognizing Squad Ferrum when we're supposed to link up with them later?

RO635: Relax, we have a code.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's RO for you!

M4 SOPMOD II: Come on 9, let's go look for clues around here!

UMP9: Sure.

UMP9 winks at UMP45, who gestures for her to not go too far.

Right now, only UMP45 and RO635 are here.

RO635: 45, I've gone over the readings again. I still think our current data is accurate.

RO635: However, the intermittent signal means that a part of it wasn't recorded.

UMP45: Hm, if you keep simulating, you'll be able to extrapolate the unrecorded data.

UMP45: So what should we do now? Should we wait to meet up with Squad Ferrum or continue pursuit?

RO635: Hang on...

RO635: Squad Ferrum, how much longer until you reach the rendezvous point?

Gager: We'll be there within 10 minutes.

Architect: 10 minutes?! We're practically there!

Architect: Look, I can see RO up ahead. Come on, Miss Knight, run your ass!

RO635: Huh? But I'm not picking up your signals...

Architect: Aw, I'm heading over right now!

Architect's voice cuts out.

RO635: That's strange.

RO635: I scanned the surroundings a few times, but I didn't pick up any S.F. signals. Is it because of the signal interference?

UMP45: Same here.

UMP45: 9, have you spotted Squad Ferrum?

UMP9: Nope! Are they there yet, 45?

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey look, over there!

RO635 and UMP45 climb the small hill that SOP-II is on.

Below them, a white-haired figure creeps through the mist...

...On the outskirts of Berlin, in the Red Zone.

Architect drags Gager along on a mad dash toward the black-haired girl in front of them.

Architect: RO! Squad Ferrum is here!

Architect: Man, the signal reception here really sucks, the GPS took us off course several times!

Gager: Hang on, Architect.

Gager grinds to a halt and pulls Architect back.

Architect: What's wrong?

Gager: ...

Gager's face turns pale. She looks into the mist ahead of her, but says nothing.

Gager: Look carefully at who's there.

Architect: Hm?

Architect stares blankly at the figure hidden in the mist.

The mist in the Red Zone is like a pack of tormented souls, coiling around one's body and constantly changing shape.

The only thing Architect can make out through that layer of mist is the other person's short black hair.

...Short black hair?

Architect: Ehhhhh?!

Gager: We'd better withdraw while she hasn't spotted us yet.

Architect: Okie...

Gager: RO, we've encountered an enemy squad—

As the two of them look for an axis of retreat and communicate the proceedings, the black-haired girl who has been standing out in the middle of the mist slowly looks back.

Her lips curl into a creepy smile.

...On the outskirts of Berlin, in the Red Zone.

As they draw closer, the face of the white-haired woman resolves into clarity.

Gray: ...I always see these disgusting maggots no matter where I go.

UMP45: We have a lock! Identifying target... It's Mrs. Gray!

Gray: Since you are seeking death—I don't mind granting it to you.

M4 SOPMOD II: Gray!

Sparks always fly when old enemies meet.

RO635 calmly takes command.

RO635: 45, you and 9 give us long range fire support.

RO635: SOP-II and I will pin her down at close range.

UMP45: Roger!

M4 SOPMOD II: I know every move you can make!

RO635 notices that Gray doesn't seem worried by SOP-II's vicious assault. Rather, she turns around and says something—

She's with an associate, and it's very likely to be Morridow.

RO635: SOP-II, be careful and be ready to pull back at any time.

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't you worry about me!

Gray looks back at the Dolls flanking her from left and right. With a laid-back chuckle, she deploys her own weaponry.

Gray: What a joke.
Part 2: Against The Light I

2

Bangbangbang—

No matter how unexpected the angle the bullets come from, Gray deflects them easily with her tail.

The bullets ripping through the air throw up an intense shower of sparks on the surface of Gray's tail.

Gray: You should save your bullets.

M4 SOPMOD II: Take this!

SOP-II sticks close to Gray and locks her movements down while delivering one savage attack after another.

Gray doesn't skimp on the application of her blades either, but she always ends up cutting nothing but air.

Gray: ...Tsk.

Gray can sense that SOP-II seems to have learned from her previous experiences, and her assault is more dynamic and deadly than before.

Gray abandons her relaxed attitude.

Gray: You actually memorized my moves?

RO635: SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: GRAWR—!

RO635 notices Gray's moment of shock and signals to SOP-II.

SOP-II immediately leaps at her and ferociously rips and tears at Gray's arm.

Clang—

Gray barely manages to block SOP-II's vicious assault, but her arm is maimed by SOP-II's claws and she's breathing hard.

Gray: You learn fast.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll leave that mouth of yours for last so you can scream while I shred you!

Gray: Hahaha...

RO635: SOP-II, back off a little.

M4 SOPMOD II: Right!

RO635 knows that Gray no longer has the luxury of playing around now that SOP-II has seen through her moves.

However, it's obvious that SOP-II is tiring out faster than Gray. This is not a tactic that is sustainable in the long term.

RO635: Save your strength.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm okay!

Gray narrows her eyes as she looks at the panting SOP-II and the tense RO635.

Gray: I had fun playing with you, but my time's almost up.

Gray: See you later, cute little doggy.

M4 SOPMOD II: Get back here! I'll kill you!!!

Gray suddenly darts aside, evading SOP-II's fierce attack while somersaulting to the upper level of the ruins.

RO635: SOP-II! Don't be rash!

BOOM!!!

With a mighty explosion, the ruins collapse again.

SOP-II is lost amidst the rubble.

RO635: Unicorn! We need backup!

UMP45: Roger!

RO635: Verifying SOP-II's condition!

RO635 immediately starts digging through the rubble in search of SOP-II.

UMP45 and UMP9 come over to join in the excavation.

Fortunately the ruins have been degraded by long years of radiation exposure and the material is basically rotten, so it didn't hurt SOP-II.

RO635: Are you okay, SOP-II?

M4 SOPMOD II: Peh— Pehpehpeh—

M4 SOPMOD II: That dirty shameless bitch! I got a mouthful of mud!

UMP9: Well, at least you looked really cool when you pounced on her!

UMP45: RO, we've lost track of Gray.

RO635: Yeah, I know.

Click—

A transmission comes through the Aeneas conference room channel.

Mona: Nitrogen here. We've reached the vicinity of the original target.

RO635: Did you find anything?

Mona: We've just locked onto Morridow's trail. We're now in pursuit.

RO635: Roger. I'll have Squad Ferrum move up to support you.

RO635: Umbrella and Unicorn just engaged one of the targets, Gray, but she gave us the slip.

Mona: Got it. Nitrogen will be careful.

The transmission cuts off cleanly.

UMP9: Those Stasi agent Dolls sure are amazing, at least compared to that J from before...

UMP45: Hopefully our future cooperation will go just as well.

M4 SOPMOD II: It will, right, RO?

RO635: ...

RO635: Yeah, I'm sure it will.

RO sighs heavily.

RO635: I won't let you down, Commander.

As they follow the target coordinates, RO635 and the others enter the darkness...

...

...

...Darkness.

Within the endless darkness, Angelia is left covered in the grimy muck. There's no telling how long she's been asleep.

The sounds of screaming and gunfire looping in her psyche have finally stopped, but they are replaced by a deathly silence.

She has no idea how long she has been immersed in this darkness...

Angelia: ...

(Rustle)

Fragmented whispers filter through the vacuous blackness, breaking the silence.

She struggles to open her eyes and move her limbs, but she is immobile, as though something heavy is crushing down on her.

???: I'm counting on you, Koleda.

???: Take good care of her. She's yours now.

...Is that RPK-16?

Who is she talking to?

???: ...Roger.

The sound of rustling fabric is quiet, yet grating.

RPK-16: ...There, that should put you at ease, right?

???: You... you think...

???: Do you think... you'll be forgiven for this?

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: Fortunately, I don't seek forgiveness.

...Whose voice is this?

RPK-16: ...

???: Ange.

An unfamiliar voice quietly calls her name, and a rip appears within the darkness of her mind.

Her nerves hurt like they've been stabbed by a needle. Amidst her groaning, Ange uses all her strength to focus on her eyelids.

...The long-awaited light floods into her eyes, and she sees a familiar transparent wall—

A Nyto dressed in tatters, like one of those abandoned Isomers, stands quietly beyond it, watching her.

She has an air of unfamiliar familiarity about her, entirely out of place in this setting.

Angelia: ...

???: Hello, I am Koleda. From now on, I will be in charge of your daily care.

Angelia: What about that crazy Nyto from before?

Koleda: ...

Koleda: She has other work lined up for her.

The Nyto averts her gaze a bit unnaturally.

Ange closes her bruised eyelids and a faint, mocking smile appears on her lips.

Angelia: That's alright.

Koleda: ...

Ange has lost track of time ever since she was imprisoned here.

She doesn't know how long she's spent like this, her left arm behind her head, her right arm behind her waist, and suspended in mid-air.

Extended periods in a custom-made straitjacket and the heavy weights around her ankles have left her body feeling like a statue...

If the Nyto assigned to her from earlier hadn't routinely kicked and punched her, she might have lost all sense of feeling in her body.

Koleda: Let me help you change your dressings.

The Nyto called "Koleda" slowly enters the room and starts applying a cool medication to Ange's exposed wounds.

Angelia: ...

Koleda: ...

Amidst the stiff silence, Koleda finishes treating Ange's wounds with gentle hands.

Koleda: I'll be leaving, then.

Angelia: Wait.

Ange notices that Koleda was more careful while treating the wounds left behind from when she triggered that dirty bomb.

Right now, they're lost in a mess of blood and bruises and they're not particularly easy to distinguish.

There's only one way someone would be able to tell them apart—

Angelia: Who ARE you?

Koleda: ...

Koleda: Ange...

Angelia: ...

At the quiet utterance, Ange frowns and studies this Nyto more carefully.

Looking into her eyes, Ange seems to notice something. She gapes a little.

Angelia: You're...

Koleda: I am Koleda, Ange.

Through the heavy, reinforced glass, Ange sees her shocked face reflected in Koleda's clear eyes.

...

...The Nytos sitting on the pews intone their verse with reverence, and their voices seem to leap toward the light in the direction where the statue's hands are pointing.

Between the Nytos and the statue stands a woman in a white dress.

RPK-16 quietly approaches the woman, stopping two or three steps behind her.

The two seem to be maintaining an intentional silence.

RPK-16: ...

The woman glances at a Nyto beside her as she sings, and the latter obediently vacates this picturesquely pristine scene and walks up to RPK-16.

Ashley: I am Ashley. Please come with me.

RPK-16: Alright.

RPK-16 smiles and follows the Nyto out of the hall. Soon, the two of them are alone.

Ashley: Has Angelia been settled in?

RPK-16: Yes.

Ashley: Big Sister Nemhran thinks very highly of you.

Ashley: She says you're more efficient than Big Sister Gray.

RPK-16: That would be going too far. I'm just doing my duty.

Ashley: We reward capable individuals appropriately...

Ashley: Paradeus will make your dream come true.

RPK-16: And I am very grateful for that.

Ashley: Come with me.

RPK-16 follows the Nyto with a smile.

There seems to be a deeper meaning to her smile, and her gaze is fixed on the Nyto's back.

...

...In the quiet ruins on the outskirts of Berlin.

Three girls crouch silently in the shadows of the ruins, their keen eyes looking in the direction where the trail has vanished.

After holding her breath and straining her ears to pick up the target's movements, Mona signals to her teammates behind her—

"Move in."

No. 9: ...

Rhino: ...

Upon receiving the signal, the two Dolls stick to cover and proceed toward the target in an orderly fashion.

Mona opens a short-range intra-squad comms channel.

Mona: Remember to conceal your signals.

Rhino: Got it.

No. 9: The enemy is inside this building.

Mona: Correct. I just scanned around us. Even if they're all mobs, we can't take on their numbers.

Mona: Also, we're supposed to be following the target, so we need to avoid spooking her.

Concealed in the shadows of the ruined masonry, the three girls remain motionless, like stone statues blending in with the environment.

Mona: Take note. The target has appeared.

Rhino: Target Morridow locked. Signal from the tracking device matches our information.

No. 9: The person next to her looks pretty impressive...

Mona: That's Grig. Her swordsmanship is incredible, so make sure you don't let her get close—that's what the AR Team reported.

Rhino: She looks like the agile type. Those are hard to handle.

Mona: ...

Under the trio's watchful gaze, the white-clad Grig helps support Morridow to a ruined building ahead of them, with several Paradeus units as escorts.

They're just about to leave their range of vision...

When Mona gestures again, indicating that they should follow.

They close the gap between them once again, and then they see what was originally hidden in their blind spot—

No. 9: ...Is that a truck?!

Mona: Dammit, they're planning to escape in a vehicle!

Rhino: Want me to bust their tires?

Mona: Don't do anything which would risk exposing yourself.

The three Dolls are unable to get any closer due to a lack of cover nearby.

All they can do is watch as Morridow is stuffed into the vehicle...

Mona opens the Aeneas conference room channel.

Mona: Hailing Umbrella, this is Nitrogen. We've encountered the target, Morridow.

Mona: However, it looks like she's boarded a Paradeus truck and left. We cannot pursue further.

RO635: Umbrella copies. Don't push yourself. You just need to lock onto the tracking device.

Mona: Roger.

RO635: Squad Ferrum is heading over to back you up.

Mona: Roger, with heavy firepower we'll be able to—

Mona suddenly stops speaking. Though she was only distracted for a moment by her conversation, she comes to an abrupt realization... The Nyto in white who was standing not too far ahead has just vanished in the blink of an eye.

Mona: ...Where's Grig?

No. 9: Huh? I-I don't know...

No. 9: Did she just vanish into thin—?!

Whum—

The humming sabre gleams coldly as it vibrates, and its piercing white radiance is already before them in an instant—

Shing—!

The Doll called No. 9 barely manages to protect her companions by parrying the blow.

No. 9: That sword's fast!

Their white-clad opponent now stands proud and alone in a high place, casually wiping her blade.

Instead of panicking, the Dolls have moved to cover with silent coordination, preparing to ply their trade.

Mona: Squad Nitrogen, prepare for battle!
Part 3

3

...On the outskirts of Berlin, at the edge of the Red Zone.

Even when capitalizing on their superior numbers and formation, Squad Nitrogen only barely manages to maintain a slight suppression advantage.

Rhino: She's slowing down, No. 9!

No. 9: I see it!

Whum—

Just as Grig pauses mid-stride, No. 9 raises her gun and pulls the trigger without hesitation.

Bangbangbang—!!!

A series of bullets strikes Grig dead on, and some of them hit her legs.

Grig: ...

With a subdued grunt, Grig brings her sabre up in a flourish and takes a defensive stance.

The gleaming blade and the inky-black muzzles of the guns are locked in a silent confrontation.

Both sides are unable to act, and the stalemate continues.

Mona: ...

No. 9: ...

Rhino: W-Why is nobody moving?

No. 9: We can't be sure that we can overcome her with a pre-emptive strike.

Rhino: But we can't just let ourselves get passively beaten up!

Mona: No, the enemy isn't fully confident either, which is why she's ceased her attack.

Rhino: In that case...

No. 9: At times like this, you mustn't panic. Hold your breath and focus yourself.

No. 9: Look in the direction of your prey. Don't lose yourself in her eyes, but trace every frame of every movement she makes in your mind.

Rhino: I'll try.

With a smirk, Grig suddenly shifts from a defensive stance and suddenly thrusts her sabre forward for the kill.

Mona: Scatter!

No. 9: This is—

Rhino: Uwah—

Though they're all well-trained Dolls, they're having difficulty dealing with this sudden onslaught.

Bangbangbang—

Covered by gunfire, the three of them manage to avoid the ferocious thrust and roll to the side.

With her stab, Grig has successfully break up Squad Nitrogen's formation.

Grig: ...

Now that her opponents' formation is in tatters, it is the perfect opportunity for her to charge in and slaughter them. However, she does not follow up on it. Instead, she rides the momentum of her charge and directly jumps off the hill.

Her pure white silhouette vanishes into the thick, coiling mists.

Rhino: Hold it!!!

No. 9: Don't chase her. There's no way we can catch up with her.

Mona: ...

Mona: So she never intended to go all-out on us.

No. 9: Yeah, to think we assumed that we could suppress her by force...

Mona: She was probably just buying time for Morridow to retreat.

Rhino: Why does it sound like she was playing us like a fiddle...

No. 9: ...

Standing on the hill, the three Dolls look in the direction where Grig has vanished.

They're standing on the edge of the Red and Black Zones. The mist ahead is growing heavier and heavier, and they're on the verge of officially entering the Black Zone.

Mona: Let's go. We should link up with Squad Ferrum first.

After turning their eyes away from the indeterminable distance, the three Dolls sort themselves out and set out once again.

...Meanwhile, in the Aeneas conference room.

A slender hand is gently tracing the complex, criss-crossing routes on the map with a small, intricate chess piece in its grasp.

The hand moves with confidence and fluidity as it brings order and clarity to the initially jumbled routes.

???: Oh... I see...

Lines intersect at different points, and where the points meet, they once again race toward different directions.

???: Umbrella and Unicorn lost their target here. Nitrogen engaged their target here...

???: So does that mean this is the place...?

The Doll places the chess piece on the map.

???: Yes, this is the only place that makes sense. All the lines, all the points, they all exist for this...

???: I see! I got it! I got it!

Task Force Aeneas registration completed - Chessmaster.

The Dolls excitedly flips the board, then squeals in delight over the conference room channel.

RO635: ...?!

RO635: What happened?

XM8: Oh! This is "Chessmaster" reporting, leader!

XM8: I've found their rendezvous point.

RO635: Er... Where is that?

XM8: Patience, I'll guide you to it. Just leave it to me.

XM8: What a marvelous game.

RO635: Alright... Is there anything else you want to relay?

XM8: Persicaria wanted me to give you two little things.

XM8: One is an offline mapping device, which I'm using right now. The other is something codenamed "Strongarm". She said you'd know how to use it.

RO635: ...Understood. See you offline.

The transmission ends, and the Doll holding the chess piece once again falls into contemplation, unconsciously breaking into a smile.
Part 4

4

...In an abandoned outpost on the edge of the Red Zone.

XM8 is sitting on a table, idly kicking her legs.

XM8: Yo, you're here at last.

RO635: Thank you, XM8. You helped us discover an important clue.

M4 SOPMOD II: Thanks to you, we've finally got a safe place to rest up!

XM8: Hehe, easy peasy.

XM8: Oh yeah, Leader, Miss Persica asked me to bring this along.

XM8 hands the strange device named "Strongarm" to RO635, and at the same time she shares the offline map with everyone.

RO635: Strongarm? What's this for?

M4 SOPMOD II: Lemme see!

Upon seeing a device she's never encountered before, SOP-II eagerly grabs it and fiddles with it, looking for a slot on her body where it'll go.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm? Why can't I plug it in?!

XM8: Maybe Miss Persica didn't prepare it for you.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph! Then who's it meant for?!

RO635 takes the strange little device from SOP-II, but she can't fathom its uses either.

RO635: XM8, did Miss Persica say anything else about this "Strongarm"?

XM8: Nope. She said you'd understand once you got it.

RO635: ...

RO635: Alright then, I'll hold on to it.

RO635 seems to have an inkling, but right now she doesn't have the time to think about it. Instead, she picks up her communicator.

RO635: This is Umbrella, hailing all squads on Task Force Aeneas.

Mona: Nitrogen here. Are there any new mission developments?

RO635: Yeah, let's wait till everyone's gathered first.

Squad Ferrum joins the channel.

Architect: What is it now?

Gager: Squad Ferrum is here.

RO635: Good, we're all here. I'll contact the Commander now.

Dandelion: Roger.

Commander: RO, any news?

A familiar voice speaks through the comms.

RO635: We've approached the vicinity of the Black Zone. The radiation level there is abnormally high.

RO635: That's why I was hoping we could conduct a strategic meeting first.

Commander: Please outline the current situation.

RO635: We've verified Morridow's trail. She was originally accompanied by Gray and Grig on her way toward the Black Zone.

RO635: However, because our shadowing was spotted, Gray and Grig stayed behind to buy time for Morridow to flee.

RO635: According to Squad Nitrogen's most recent report, Morridow has boarded a truck and entered the "Dead Sea".

RO635: In other words, we are also about to enter the "Dead Sea".

On the shared tactical sand table, RO635 plants a flag in the middle of the patch of blackness that represents the Dead Sea.

The mood in the air instantly turns somber.

RO635: Once we proceed, our comms will be severely impeded. This will be a great trial of our coordination...

XM8: But we haven't even played chess together. How are we going to coordinate with each other?

RO635: ...

Architect: Hahahaha! You took the words right out of my mouth!

Gager: You can shut up now.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey! Pipe down, you two! The Commander and RO are giving a briefing!

RO635: Chessmaster has brought up a problem that we'll have to tackle. We're all from different squads and were put together at short notice.

RO635: We haven't had any practice working together, so it's hard to tell if we can even coordinate well.

Mona: ...That's true.

RO635: However, we have no time left to build teamwork.

UMP45: Yup. If we miss this opportunity, there's no telling when we'll get another one.

RO635: At this stage, our respective objectives remain the same.

RO635: However, conditions in the "Dead Sea" are complex, so every squad's mission parameters may change.

RO635: No matter what happens, we need to maintain contact and make timely adjustments for such changes.

Mona: Nitrogen copies.

UMP45: Unicorn copies.

Gager: Okay.

XM8: No problem!

RO635: Commander, that's it for us here.

Commander: Good. That'll do.

Meanwhile, on the side of a road in the "Dead Sea".

Gray and Grig have rushed here to meet up with Morridow, whom they help in dismounting the vehicle.

Morridow: ...This is as far as this vehicle goes. Did you lose them?

Grig: Yes, they're a long way off.

Gray: Same here.

Morridow: Whew...

Morridow takes a deep breath.

Morridow: Now I'm sure they did something to my body.

Morridow: We could stand to learn some technical lessons from these Soviets... Just to be safe, prepare a unit to cover us.

Grig: Activating an aircraft now might expose our position again.

Morridow: We can't delay any longer, and we need to return to the tower immediately.

Morridow: Also, I'm already thoroughly exposed... We basically have to assume that they'll catch up with us at this point.

Morridow: Still, no need to worry. A few measly Dolls won't pose a threat to us.

Morridow: Besides, they can't catch up with us without aircrafts of their own.

Gray: Just in case...

Gray: And I'm saying just in case, what will Father do if we end up giving away Avernus' location to the enemy?

In a rare turn of events, even Gray is questioning Morridow's orders.

Morridow: ...

Morridow raises her head. She was badly injured to begin with, and the previous battle has further exacerbated her condition.

Morridow: That's not a big deal. As long as what happens in Avernus stays in Avernus, then no one will be any the wiser!

Morridow: As for Father... I'm sure he won't blame us, because the news I will bring him is far more valuable than this base.

Morridow: Trust me, Gray.

Morridow: I need to get back...

Morridow: Let's go! Now!

Gray: ...

Grig: Gray...

Gray: ...Let's head to the outpost. They're changing shifts today, so there ought to be backup aircrafts there.

Grig: ...

Grig notes the multiple expressions that have crossed Gray's face. After a very long silence, she finally answers.

Grig: Yes, I understand.
Part 5

5

At a temporary safe house near Berlin Airport.

The Commander is anxiously pacing the room again after losing contact with Kryuger.

After a few rounds of going back and forth, the Commander finally comes to a halt.

Commander: Have Khaybar contact the Earl.

ST AR-15: Got it.

Some time later—

Click.

Griffin: What a coincidence... I was planning to contact you myself, Commander.

Commander: Sir, I need your help.

Commander: Mr. Kryuger is in trouble and I can't do anything about it for the moment.

Commander: Only you can help him now!

Griffin: No need to worry, Commander.

Griffin: I was just about to say... It's just a misunderstanding.

Griffin: There was a small communication problem earlier.

Griffin: It has since been resolved.

Commander: It's been resolved?

The Commander's eyes widen and a weight suddenly lifts from their chest. Even their voice softens.

Griffin: Yes, they will receive the appropriate treatment that they are due.

Griffin: However... we'll have to make a small concession.

Commander: ...A concession? What kind of concession?

Griffin: Cease all your ongoing operations, Commander.

Commander: Cease operations? ...What do you mean by that?

The Commander frowns, and the sense of dread returns—they have the feeling that what the Earl is talking about isn't as simple as he makes it sound.

Commander: We were about to make some progress with our investigation... If we stop now, all our efforts will have gone to waste.

Commander: Also, what does this have to do with Mr. Kryuger?

Griffin: Commander, I know you must be anxious to rescue Ange, but you also need to play by the rules.

Griffin: Casually breaking the rules or acting impulsively will not bring you victory... This world runs on order.

Griffin: And not passion.

Commander: ...What is that supposed to mean?

Griffin: If you want Kryuger to be safe...

Griffin: Then you will have to learn to give up certain things... That is the principle of equivalent exchange.

Commander: ...So you want me to give up on Ange? Is that it?

Griffin: There are times when we are compelled to make sacrifices.

Griffin: It is a fact that all mature individuals will eventually have to face.

Commander: ...You used us as a bargaining chip again, didn't you?!

Griffin: From where you stand, your view of the world is too narrow, so I do not blame you.

Griffin: However, you must learn to look beyond the surface of things... This is an unfortunate result, to be sure.

Griffin: But we can't have everything our way.

Commander: I've heard enough of that, Sir.

Commander: "We can't have everything our way".

Commander: But all this time, all I've done is suffer losses and setbacks. Not once have I ever gained anything.

Commander: And now, an opportunity presents itself to me.

Commander: Yet you want me to give it up for the sake of a hollow "victory"?

Griffin: Everyone can be sacrificed to achieve a greater goal.

Griffin: Angelia is an agent. She already knew this was coming... Or are you saying you think her life is more valuable than Kryuger's and the very existence of the PMC?

Commander: ...Everyone can be sacrificed, you say.

Commander: Then why Ange?

Griffin: Sacrifices have never been partial to anyone. Anyone can be a sacrifice.

Commander: What gives you the right to decide who is to be sacrificed?

Griffin: ...Don't miss the forest for the trees, Commander.

Commander: ...I've lost my base and my friends and you want me to not get caught up in the details?

Griffin: Drop everything you are doing now. I'll think of a way to resolve Kryuger's situation.

The Commander bites their lip, their thumbnail digging deep into the second joint of their index finger.

Commander: ...I refuse.

Griffin: ...

Griffin: So you will abandon Kryuger and the PMC?

Commander: ...No.

Commander: I won't abandon anyone. At least, not until I have to.

Griffin: This is not a discussion, Commander. Right now, I—

Click.

The transmission ends.

Khaybar: ...Commander?

ST AR-15: ...Did you just hang up on our big boss, Commander?

ST AR-15: And while he was in the middle of saying something?

Commander: ...

Commander: ...I guess I did.

Dandelion: I think it was an accident. Like, we had a bad signal or something.

ST AR-15: It's not often that we agree.

Commander: ...

The Commander turns off the comms, then sighs heavily.

Now, nobody can call off this operation.

Dandelion: Commander, the Aeneas conference room is paging you.

...In the Aeneas conference room.

A massive tactical sand table sits in its midst, with the position of each squad marked on it, to facilitate deployment by the Commander.

Among the various colors used to represent each squad, there is a patch of black that is especially eye-catching—

The "Dead Sea".

Commander: Is everyone here?

RO635: Yes. After compiling the information from everyone, Squad Ferrum will head over to the meetup point with Squad Nitrogen, and they will be the first to enter the "Dead Sea".

RO635: Umbrella, Unicorn and Chessmaster will be behind them.

A gaze containing a mix of fear, uneasiness and anxiety lands on Squad Ferrum and Nitrogen.

Commander: Thank you.

RO635: Before we officially enter the "Dead Sea", we will simulate the conditions in the Dead Sea from our experiences and past information to better formulate some simple contingency plans.

Mona: We are certainly in need of those.

RO635: From what we could find in our database, the location with most similar conditions to a Black Zone's is...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

Mona: What's the matter?

RO635: That would be the area where Ange set off that dirty bomb.

Commander: ...

Mona: Wait a minute. Isn't Ange the subject of our rescue? How is she still alive after triggering a dirty bomb? And as a human being?

Commander: Yes.

Mona: ...

RO635: After the dirty bomb went off, everything within 500 meters of ground zero was instantly vaporized.

RO635: The radiation levels of the surrounding area spiked to Black Zone levels, while the air was filled with visible radiation particles.

RO635: There was intense transmission signal disruption too. We specially built the Aeneas conference room in order to ensure clear comms, so we don't have to worry about that for the moment.

RO635: In addition, Black Zone radiation has an extreme degenerative effect on both structures and Dolls. While we underwent anti-radiation preparation before setting out, there's no telling how it'll hold out in the Black Zone.

The Dolls nervously watch the screen and its depiction of the apocalyptic aftermath of a dirty bomb detonation.

No. 9: It doesn't even look like Earth anymore.

Gager: ...

RO635: These are the conditions we can expect to face.

RO635: Absolute silence, no movement or life, only the specter of intense radiation stalking you everywhere.

No. 9: Makes me think of that time we had to hustle during a sandstorm...

UMP45: That's a very appropriate description.

RO635: Mind your radiation protection, and remember to report anything you encounter.

Mona: Understood.

On the edge of the Red Zone.

As Squad Nitrogen thinks about their upcoming destination, there is an unmistakable grimness to their expressions.

Rhino: It feels like we're going into a dead zone containing all kinds of secrets...

No. 9: This is my first time entering a Black Zone too.

No. 9: I've run simulations and drills before, but the pressure can't compare to the real thing.

Rhino: They say you've been to a lot of places, so I thought you'd been to a Black Zone...

No. 9: Well, you were only just rolled out, so obviously you'd have gone to fewer places than me.

Mona: Still, entry to Black Zones are always forbidden no matter which country you're in.

No. 9: Yup, At the very least, I've never been on a mission that required me to go so deep into a Black Zone before.

No. 9: Although—

Rhino: Although?

No. 9: There was this one time... I got careless during an ELID sweeping op and got separated from my team.

No. 9: I went the wrong way and accidentally grazed the border of a Black Zone...

No. 9 suddenly pauses mid-sentence, then begins losing herself in her memories.

Rhino: No. 9?

Mona: Was it a bad memory?

No. 9: ...No, I didn't actually enter the place, because my team leader stopped me in time.

No. 9: Apparently, I was standing like an idiot not far from the Black Zone, staring blankly at it like I was entranced...

Rhino: Heh...

No. 9: It was as though someone was calling out to me.

Mona: A lot of dangerous places seem to have this strange aura that draws people in, but are Dolls vulnerable to it too?

No. 9: I didn't venture too far into the Black Zone, so I can't answer you, but there is one thing of which I am sure—

No. 9: You must never enter such a place lightly.

Rhino: ...

No. 9: Alright, look on the bright side.

No. 9: We'll have a lot of conversation starters once we finish this mission and head back, right?

No. 9: Like say, "Hi, I'm a Doll who's been on secret missions in Black Zones before, you'll have to offer me a better price," and all that.

Rhino: Is THAT what you call a conversation starter?!

Mona: Looks like you've got a lot of stories to tell.

No. 9: Hehe, tell you what, one fine day, we'll go get some snacks and tea and a private room and I'll tell you all about them. How does that sound?

Rhino: ...

Rhino: ...Wow, I'm kind of looking forward to it.

Mona: That day will come once we take care of the problems at hand.

Rhino: Yup! When Leader Mona says it, I'm sure of it!

Mona: Let's start with the first one. While we wait for Squad Ferrum to return, let's upload our data to the server.

Mona: No matter what, we mustn't forget this promise.

No. 9: Yup!

...On the other side.

Architect and Gager have been running all the way and they have finally caught sight of Squad Nitrogen.

Architect: We made it, Miss Knight!

Gager: I see them.

Architect: We'll meet up with Squad Nitrogen, then we'll be entering the Black Zone, huh.

Gager: Yep.

Architect: If anything happens, just abandon me. I won't hate you or anything.

Architect: After all, you ended up being dragged into this squad because of me, Miss Knight.

Gager: ...Shut up.

Architect: Aw, don't be so stubborn about it. Otherwise I get the feeling we'll both bite it here.

Gager: Why have you become so invested in your job after going over to Griffin?

Architect: Have I? Well, you yourself ended up adapting quite well after joining the enemy of your own accord.

Gager: I joined them?

Gager: Huh, do you think Svarog could have caught me if I hadn't gone to rescue some legless moron?

Architect: You've always been such a gentle soul, Miss Knight. You just can't abandon your friends.

Gager: ...

Architect: But don't forget that the person you should be nicest to is yourself.

Architect doesn't wait for Gager to reply. Instead, she raises her arms and warmly waves to Squad Nitrogen in the distance.

...After Nitrogen and Squad Ferrum meet up.

Mona: Welcome, Squad Ferrum. We desperately need long-range firepower.

Mona: We hope you'll be able to play the role of remote fire support in the upcoming battles.

Gager: No problem.

Mona: ...Squad Nitrogen is ready to enter the "Dead Sea".

Mona: Do you need time to prepare? We still have some time set aside for it.

Architect: Haha, you're so kind~ But nope!

Architect: We backed ourselves up before coming here.

Architect: It'll be A-okay no matter what happens!

No. 9: So you've come with full expectation that something will happen. I respect that sort of determination.

No. 9: Or should I say it's a way of thinking? Are all S.F. Dolls like that?

Gager: ...Sorry, we need to verify the terrain. Give me some time to decompress the data.

Rhino: Uh, so do you need some time or not?

Gager: I'm sorry, you don't need to listen to that moron.

Architect: Who are you calling a moron?!

During all that bickering, the five Dolls look at each other.

Whether they're familiar or strangers, whether or not they want to work together, they are going to have to entrust their lives to each other.

Mona: ...I've heard a lot about Sangvis Ferri Industries, so I'll let you handle the fire support.

Mona: If there's nothing else to say, then we'll head out now.

Architect: Mhm... Sure, no problem.

Architect: Boom! Boom! Boom!

Architect: That's my specialty... But in turn, can I trust you with leadership?

Architect: Miss Mona?

Mona: ...Sure.

And so, Squad Ferrum and Squad Nitrogen of Task Force Aeneas officially enter the Black Zone.

...

Due to their unique vocations and experiences, both Squad Nitrogen and Squad Ferrum have entered Red Zones before.

They have seen things within the Red Zones which are difficult to explain.

Most of the time, it's a barren world strewn with bare rocks everywhere, along with primitive, ruined structures, roving ELIDs, and strange patches of flowers that send chills down one's spine

Many lives were lost to the contamination of radiation. The lucky ones simply died. The unlucky ones came back in another form.

At times, even the wind doesn't dare blow wildly, and the air grows stagnant with the intense radiation particles in it, making it thick and nauseating all year round.

They understand this—it is a terrifying place, where the radiation intensity can easily kill human beings.

...

...Even so, despite knowing all this, things feel completely different the moment they enter the Black Zone.

Rhino: ...Urgh.

Rhino can feel a chill crawling up her spine. Every step she takes makes her head feel light, as though she could faint at any moment.

Rhino: Is this... the sense of pressure you were talking about?

No. 9: ...

No. 9 has been quiet ever since she entered the Black Zone.

The devices on her head twitch unnaturally, as if to convey her anxiety.

No. 9: ...This is what I saw back then, when I was standing on the edge.

She and Mona are walking at the front of the group. They haven't encountered any enemies yet, but they're already high-strung.

Gager: ...Should I say it's surprising that there's still some life in this place?

Architect: (Heaves) ...Please don't make stupid jokes like that, Miss Knight.

Architect: I feel like I'm going to puke...

Mona: ...

They find it hard to describe the kind of world they're in.

The omnipresent darkness stretches out as far as the eye can see—

Ominous-looking green crystal formations protrude from the ground. Massive stone spikes gleam with a profound light. Every step they take lands inside a sticky fluid.

Radiation particles are everywhere. They have clumped up, becoming visible to the naked eye as they settle in low-lying places around them.

They look like stubborn mildew clinging desperately to the terrain, and if one looks at them for too long, one might even start to imagine that they're breathing.

The eerie green mixed with the jet black of the rocks is grotesque and terrifying.

Mona: Stop staring. Stay focused.

Rhino: Um... urgh, it feels bad.

Rhino: I can almost feel them growing inside me...

Architect: D-D-D-Don't say scary things like that okay?!

No. 9: ...You can wash it off when you go back.

No. 9: Think of it as growing mushrooms.

Gager: That's not much better either...

In addition, the wind here isn't silent. It roars and howls as it coils around the Dolls.

It's as though someone who died of hatred poured all their strength into one last, vengeful curse.

Rhino: Also... do you get the feeling that someone's talking to us...?

No. 9: It's the wind.

Rhino: Really? But...

Mona: Rhino, you're an investigator of the unusual, so you're more sensitive to the environment than we are.

Mona: So perhaps it might seem particularly obvious to you, but don't worry, it won't cause any real problems.

Rhino: Okie...

Architect: Ahh, this is such a drag! Why don't I tell a joke to cheer everyone up!

Gager: Don't do unnecessary things.

Architect: But it's not good for everyone to be wound up so tight!

Architect: Do you know why some humans' butts make extra loud noises when you spank them?

Rhino: W-Why is that?

Architect's forced cheeriness seems to have put the Dolls at ease for a moment, but just then—

All the Dolls tense up again.

No. 9: Put your hands up!

Mona: Get down!

In the distance, a sudden gust of wind blows a bank of green fog toward the Dolls.

As it draws closer, the Dolls can see figures within the fog...

They look like humans, but also like a bundle of ugly tree roots all knotted together, or like shadows cast by leaves at night.

Whatever they are, they're rushing toward the Dolls at top speed.

Rhino: H-Halt!

Gager: ...

Clack-clack-clack. The extremely tense Dolls disengage their weapon safeties and take aim at the figures in the fog.

Rhino: STAY BACK!

Bang!

Rhino, the most sensitive to her environment, fires the first shot.

It is soon followed by more shots...

A stream of gunfire fills the air.

Mona: Don't fire blindly! Pull back first!

The Dolls avoid the onslaught of the fog with great difficulty, like they're wading through a swamp.

But the creepiest thing is that the fog is moving much faster than them.

Soon, the fog and the fiendish figures within wash over the Dolls—

Rhino: Noooooooo!

No. 9: Calm down!

Rhino collapses to the ground in despair and squeezes her eyes shut, not daring to look at the ominous shapes.

Mona: It's just an illusion caused by the fog, Rhino.

Architect: Whew... I was so scared I nearly bluescreened back there.

Gager: It's just fog.

Rhino opens her eyes. They are now inside the green fog.

But there are no mysterious figures hidden within.

Soon, the fog leaves them, flowing toward an unknown direction...

Rhino: Huh...

Mona: Let's stop here and take a break. I'll give RO a sitrep.

Mona: If Chessmaster gets the coordinates we provided, we should be able to get a wealth of data from it.

Mona: That may even cut our travel time down.

Architect: That would be super helpful...

...Elsewhere, Gray and company are dashing at top speed.

Morridow: How much longer to the outpost?

Gray: It's still some distance away.

Bangbangbang! The sound of intense gunfire comes from afar.

Grig: Gray! Those Dolls have caught up with us!

Gray: Dammit... Where's our backup?

Gray is usually calm, but now she's practically snarling into the communicator.

Bramedb: Ah, I'm here~♪

Bramedb: Don't make such a racket, Gray. Getting worked up does you no good.

Grig: Where are you? We need backup.

Grig: Our tails are following us too closely.

Bramedb: Oh, I know that, but what's the point of you constantly rushing me?

Bramedb: It'll take some time for me to get there, you know.

Gray: You've taken enough time to run to and from Avernus three times already.

Bramedb: Really now? That's strange, why does this route feel so long today?

Grig: ...

Bramedb: Right, enough chit-chat. I'm going to focus on running now.

Bramedb: See you soon. ♪

Click.

she disconnects the call in such a rush, it almost feels like she's hiding her uncontrollable laughter.

Grig: Gray...

Gray: ...

Gray grinds her teeth.

Gray: ...Looks like our backup isn't coming.

Grig: ...

Gray: ...No, now isn't the time for despair.

Gray: We need to get to the aircrafts. The most recent patrol is—

Grig: Gray, we can't allow them to catch up with us.

Gray: ...

Grig: I'll go intercept them.

Gray: But you're hurt, and further combat will be too much of a strain for you.

Grig: ...I'm fine.

Grig: If we let them get too far in... You'll be scolded by Father.

Gray: ...

Bangbangbang!

The constant gunfire seems to be drawing closer to them.

Grig: The aircrafts can only seat two people, so you should go first.

Grig: ...Also, they can't keep up with my speed. I'll come once I shake them off.

Gray: ...Alright.

Gray takes in the numerous wounds on Grig's body hesitantly. Then with a nod, she props up Morridow, who's on the verge of passing out, and turns to leave.

Whum—

Behind her, Grig's vibrating sabre hums once again.

Whoosh!

A cold, terrifying glint cleaves the air beneath the moonlight.

...Meanwhile, Nitrogen and Ferrum have recovered from their shock and set out once again.

Rhino: We were running blindly back there. I wonder where the trail went...

No. 9: Relax. I'm sure you can help us find it again.

Mona: ...

Gager: What's the matter?

Mona suddenly comes to a halt.

Mona: I think I heard the rustling of fabric.

Rhino: It's all the wind, I'm numb to it now.

No. 9: Not picking up enemy signals.

Architect: Frankly speaking, I get the feeling someone's giving us a death glare.

Gager: ...

Gager: Get ready for battle. This moron's pretty useless, but she has a keen sense for danger.

Architect: HEY!

Mona: Just in case, get rea—

Whum—

Mona: —?!

A familiar metallic hum fills the air. Mona subconsciously raises the muzzle of the gun she's holding.

Whoosh—!!

That phantasmal white figure darts through the black and green before them, like a praying mantis springing from its hiding place in a patch of flowers.

Rhino: Urgh...?!

Though they've been forewarned and are on their guard, amidst their hurried evasion, Rhino's body sprouts a great deal of clearly visible wounds in an instant.

Whoosh—

Rhino: So fast...

Mona: It's Grig!

The group turns to look at Grig, clad in white. Perching on top of a towering monolith, she looks down at them coldly.

She is like a brilliant moon in this sinister world.

A curved, sharp new moon, dripping with fresh blood.

Whoosh!

After making sure that the Dolls got a good look at her, Grig nods slightly before kicking off and vanishing.

This time, she doesn't charge into the midst of the squad, but disappears into the fog.

Mona: ...She's trying to wear us down, so keep that in mind!

Mona: Squad Ferrum, we'll need your fire support!

Gager: Roger.
Part 6

6

Bullets, cannonfire, close-range assaults... Grig skillfully handles all these attacks.

The sabre in her hand is almost like a natural extension of her body, nimbly executing attacks and parries.

She seems to be taking it in stride, but however flawless her swordsmanship is, it's hard-pressed to stop an endless stream of concentrated attacks...

Kaboom! The gunshots are immediately followed by an explosion at close range.

Clods of dirt fly into the air as Grig is blasted down a slope by the concussion.

The shrill ringing in her ear turns murky and indistinct, like she's sinking into deep water, while bright and dark spots begin dancing through her vision...

Grig: ...

Grig tries to prop herself up with her sabre, but her hand just can't seem to reach it.

Upon a closer look, she realizes that she no longer has her dominant hand.

Without any hesitation, Grig switches to her other hand and tries to prop herself up again.

Grig: Gray...

As light and darkness criss-cross intermittently through her field of vision, several indistinct figures reach out toward her, like drops of ink spreading through water...

The whizzing of bullets sounds like a gentle breeze to Grig, whose reflexes have slowed dramatically.

Still, she holds on to her sabre, like a knight that will never fall.

Grig: We...

Grig: ...will meet again...

Grig: In Avernus...

Grig raises her weapon with her remaining arm, its edge reflects her keen, indomitable gaze.

...In the Black Zone.

RO635 and company have followed Squad Ferrum and Squad Nitrogen into the "Dead Sea".

With the information from Mona, Squad Umbrella soon becomes used to the bizarre terrain of the Black Zone and they begin their pursuit as planned.

RO635: Nitrogen, Ferrum, be advised, we've entered the "Dead Sea" as well.

Mona: Copy, we've engaged Grig in combat, but there's no sign of Morridow or Gray. We'll contact you later.

Though they aren't in the conference room, RO can still hear the sound of intense gunfire coming from Mona's side.

RO635: Grig... Got it.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, there aren't any traces here, what should we do?

UMP45: Morridow's signal has long since left the effective radius.

RO635: Grig was probably left behind to delay them. Mona and the others are fighting her.

RO635: Looks like we've lost track of our target...

Having lost their lead once again, RO635 contemplates their next step.

XM8: Leader, do you remember the abandoned outpost I guided you to?

RO635: I remember. There were many signs of Paradeus activity there.

XM8: While I was waiting for you, I did a bit of looking around.

XM8: Turns out there were once comm frequencies for other outposts saved in its database.

RO635: The presence of multiple outposts means they're built to surround some key structure... Can you find the next outpost?

XM8: Outposts need to check in regularly with their HQ, which means they have comms equipment.

UMP45: And if they send a signal, we can detect it...

RO635: Then we can approach our objective while causing minimal disturbance.

RO635: Can you pick up any signals, 45?

UMP45: Already on it.

UMP45 and UMP9 immediately begin looking for clues concerning the outposts.

XM8 begins extrapolating the location of the other outposts from her existing data.

All their instruments are being affected by disruption from the radiation, which is visible to the naked eye. RO635 can't help but let out a little sigh.

RO635: The radiation level here is just too high.

UMP45: It's a limitation for us, but also for them. The equipment they can use is very limited.

Beep. The device in UMP45's hand makes a noise.

RO635: Did you find anything?

UMP9: Just a rough direction...

UMP9: I don't know if it's because of distance or because of the radiation, but the signal is very weak.

RO635: Let's search in this direction first.

M4 SOPMOD II: I just scouted the nearby terrain. I'll lead the way!

The heavy greenish fog obscures their vision, and the uneven terrain beneath their feet tries to trip them up.

After entering the Black Zone, what was once mushy dirt has hardened into solid monoliths, which makes walking that much more difficult.

After factoring in the complex terrain and radiation disruption, the Dolls are moving far slower than they did in the Red Zone.

UMP9: Weird, how come we've only traveled this far after walking for so long?

M4 SOPMOD II: I plotted a straight-line course for us!

XM8, whose head has been bowed all this time, suddenly looks up.

XM8: My chess sense tells me that we're close.

UMP45: Frankly speaking, if it were any further, we'd be out of signal reception range.

UMP9: But where is it...?

RO635: ...

(Rustle)

The Dolls immediately duck behind one of the standing rocks that are everywhere and cautiously poke their heads out.

RO635: Open the short-range squad channel.

M4 SOPMOD II: Won't the enemy overhear us?

UMP45: The squad channel established by RO has a very limited range, so the enemy won't be able to pick it up from a distance.

UMP9: What was that noise? It sounded like something was driving over a road...

XM8: I see headlights!

On the dark path, a pair of small headlights cut through the gloom.

RO635: It's a cargo truck, we're at the right place.

M4 SOPMOD II: Are we going to intercept it? That way we'll have a vehicle!

RO635: No, we can't alert the enemy to our presence now.

Five pairs of eyes follow every move the truck makes, and soon the small lights vanish in a direction leading away from the "Dead Sea".

XM8: Leader, over there!

XM8's finger is trembling in excitement as she points toward the direction where she first spotted the truck.

Through the darkness, a gray building is visible above the black rocks.

XM8: ...That should be an outpost.

RO635: ...Correct.

RO635 quickly tamps down her excitement.

UMP9: It's true...

M4 SOPMOD II: So what do we do now?

RO635: We capture the outpost while keeping an eye on our target and doing our best not to draw the enemy's attention.

RO635: SOP-II, you're on point with me.

RO635: 45 and 9, follow us. XM8, you'll cover our rear and keep an eye out for enemy reinforcements.

The Squad: Roger!

Moving under the cover of the gloomy sky, the five-man team feels their way toward the sentry post...

Boom!!!

Under the fire support of Gager and Architect, the already-suppressed Paradeus forces are promptly decimated. Meanwhile, Rhino and Mona's coordinated fire clears them up swiftly.

Grig: ...Urgh!

Grig is already struggling to fully utilize her abilities on the uneven terrain, but under Architect's wild bombardment, her speed is greatly hindered as she stumbles and staggers.

With her movement radius steadily curtailed, even the fog can no longer hide her.

No. 9: This is our chance!

And just as she reveals an opening, No. 9—who has had her eyes on Grig all this time—seizes the opportunity to empty her magazine into her.

Grig: —?!

Grig is unable to evade in time, so she raises her sabre, trying to swat the bullets away with brute force.

However, in the very next moment, a figure that fills her with despair already has her cannon trained on her.

Architect: Yoohoo~

Architect: According to Agent, you like being treated like this, no?

Grig: !!

And in this moment of hesitation, cannon fire hits Grig accurately on her body.

BOOM!!!

Mona: Rhino!

Rhino: Got it!

Rhino immediately darts forward, securing Grig with Mona's help, and together they remove Grig's remaining arm.

Meanwhile, No. 9 keeps an eye on their surroundings.

Architect and Gager put their weapons away, then proceed to regroup with Mona and company.

Grig: ...

Rhino doesn't know if it's because of despair or some other reason, but the light in Grig's golden eyes starts dulling like gold lacquer discoloring from intense light.

But in an instant, she looks up again with resignation on her face.

Grig: ...You will gain nothing from me.

Grig: And I've already completed my mission.

Rhino: ...You really are insane.

Rhino clicks her tongue, then raises her gun.

Rhino: You're still talking tough even though death is at hand.

Architect: Are we killing her here or are we bringing her back?

Gager: Didn't we say we were going to remove her limbs?

Architect: Oh, I'm good at that! Leave it to me!

Rhino: Wait, don't rush—

Mona: —Stop! Look out!

Rhino: —?!

Just as everyone is discussing what to do with Grig, Mona senses something wrong and calls out to them.

Whum—!!!

Just then, a keen blade slices through the air with a deafening roar, instantly cleaving the rocks around them.

In the next moment—

BOOM!!!!

The shattered rocks are pulverized by cannonfire. The flying debris, which is surprisingly lethal, ends up boxing them in.

No. 9: Get down!

BOOM!!!

BOOM!!!!

BOOM!!!!!!

???: Hahahahahaha!!!

???: Where are they? Where are they? How dare you chase Big Sis!

???: Where are the trash and maggots that stalked us all the way here?!!!

A bout of maniacal laughter fills the air. Upon hearing that voice, Grig's eyes widen as she subconsciously looks up—

Grig: That voice...

Grig: Nar... Narciss...

A white figure descends from the sky. Behind her, a pilotless aircraft sails past her like a headless fly before crashing...

Boom!!!

The white aircraft crashes into a pile of smashed rocks and explodes in a blinding fireball, while the figure also plummets heavily to the ground.

The very earth trembles, and before this petite girl, it seems as though even the air has frozen over.

Narciss: Huh... How come it's only you? You're... What's your name, anyway?

Narciss: You're Gray's little lackey, right? Where's Big Sis?

Grig: Gray... took her away...

Narciss: WHAT?!

Narciss: That BITCH... Gray, you bitch... How dare you run off in secret—

Grig: ...

Narciss: ...Wait a minute, so you stayed behind to cover their retreat?

Narciss: Man, you must suck if this trash could beat you down like this.

No. 9: What's with her... Is she ignoring us?!

Mona: Wait! No. 9!

Whum—

Narciss assembles her floating blades.

A line gleams across the rock behind the place where No. 9 was standing before Mona tackles her to the ground. The entire top half of the rock slides off, crumbling into rubble.

Narciss: —I'm TALKING here! Who gave you permission to speak, trash?!

Grig: Narciss...

Narciss: You can screw off now.

Narciss: Big Sis will praise me for saving you.

Narciss: And then she'll praise me even more for getting rid of this trash.

Narciss: ...Twice the praise sounds twice as good—

Narciss: Now then, behave yourselves and just go to hell!!

Boom!!!
Part 7

    7chevron_right

Kaboom—

The dust thrown up by the cannonfire blends with the fog floating through the Black Zone, obscuring the Dolls from view.

Narciss: Son of a bitch! No! No, no, no, no, no!

Narciss: Stop running around!

Boom!!

Using the black dust clouds that fill the air for cover, Mona and the others steadily pull away from Narciss.

As she watches her enemy flee, Narciss relentlessly deploys the floating blades around her.

Whoosh—!

Whoosh, whoosh—!

However... with no way to pinpoint the targets, the floating blades can do nothing but return empty-handed, despite their power.

Narciss: GODDAMMIT!!!

Narciss explodes in anger and is just about to give chase when a hoarse voice calls out from behind her.

Grig: ...Don't chase them, Narciss.

Narciss: ...Who gave you permission to speak to me, trash?

Narciss: You have some nerve daring to speak after getting beaten up like that. Can you even call yourself a combat-type?

Narciss: And you're trying to give me orders too? What gives you the right?

Grig: ...That's not what I meant.

Grig: It will take some time for them to recover from the damage they've sustained. Rather than hunting them down, we still have other things we need to do.

Grig: Morridow... Big Sister Morridow needs you. She's been hurt very badly. Don't you want to see her soon?

Narciss: ...

Narciss tilts her head in contemplation. Perhaps Grig's words have swayed her, but she stops trying to set out after them.

Narciss: If it wasn't for Big Sis...

Narciss turns around with great annoyance and picks up Grig, grumbling as she heads back toward the outpost—she needs to find a new aircraft there.

Narciss: The only reason I'm doing this... is because you brought Big Sis back...

Grig: Ugh...

After roughly tossing the heavily-wounded Grig onto her aircraft, Narciss climbs into the cockpit.

She glances in the direction where the Dolls have fled, and her eyes flash once again with fury.

Narciss: Next time... Next time I'll slaughter every last one of you!!!

Narciss slams down a lever like she's taking her anger out on it, then she pilots the aircraft into the foggy sky...

...Elsewhere, after verifying that the enemy isn't pursuing them, Nitrogen and Ferrum finally stop their mad dash.

Gager immediately starts repairing herself.

Gager: That firepower was hard to handle.

Architect: ...What kind of scary combat capability was that!

Gager: She's also another one of those no-brain-all-brawn fighters, so how come she's so much stronger?

Architect: Yeah... HEY, I UNDERSTOOD THAT ONE! YOU'RE TAKING A SHOT AT ME, AREN'T YOU?!

Architect: Wait a minute, I'm not a fighter!

Mona: Is everyone alright?

Rhino: I'm okay, just a little hurt.

No. 9: No big deal. It won't affect the mission.

Rhino: Hey! You lost the bunny ears on your head!

No. 9: Those are my signal tracers... They can disguise my signal when needed.

No. 9: When we passed that aircraft just now, I figured they'd use it to return to their hideout, so I put one inside.

Architect: Then what about the other one?

No. 9: The other one... Well, I had to take it off because of fashion reasons.

Rhino: Fashion reasons?

No. 9: Stop asking so many questions!

Beep! The conference room channel broadcasts a hail tone again.

Mona: This is... an emergency contact signal?

...After quietly capturing the outpost.

RO635 and UMP45 connect to the outpost's database and search it for info.

UMP45: Their security system went down in one hit. They might as well be handing the info to us on a silver platter.

RO635: I found the outpost layout map.

XM8: Hang on.

XM8 and RO635 begin connecting lines on the map.

Many lines originate from all the outposts, extending into the blank expanse.

Eventually, the lines intersect.

And the place with the most intersections is—

RO635: We're close now... We're very close to this point...

RO635's finger lands on that inky black point.

Her voice trembles, but there's no way to tell if it's from excitement or nervousness.

RO635: We'll go here.

...RO635 and company follow the map to the intersection in that blank expanse.

However, there is nothing there.

No outpost, no other structures, and no Paradeus.

M4 SOPMOD II: How come there's nothing here?

RO635: ...

UMP45: XM8, did you make a mistake somewhere?

XM8: That's impossible! I couldn't have made a mistake in my calculations!

The group's anxious voices echo across the open plain.

UMP9: Could it be an underground base? Like that Paldiski Sub Base...

RO635: I doubt it. It's very difficult to perform deep excavation in terrain like this.

RO stomps the ground. The surface here is pretty much covered in hard bedrock.

UMP45: Should we search the surroundings?

RO635: It's too open here. If the enemy passes by, we'll be forced into a disadvantageous battle.

RO635: Let me contact Mona—

RO635: What's up, SOP-II?

Just as RO635 is about to make a call, she finds SOP-II squatting beside a green puddle.

M4 SOPMOD II: The water here is darker than usual.

UMP9: Could it be a difference in pollution levels?

M4 SOPMOD II: But when you look at it from a different angle, the black stuff in the water moves too.

RO635: Let me see.

Just as SOP-II said, the color of the water in this area is definitely darker.

But that's not because the water itself has changed, but because—

Because of what is reflected in it.

RO635 looks up.

RO635: ...?

Seeing RO's dramatic expression of utter shock, SOP-II looks up as well in confusion.

And then—

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoa... WHOAAAAA!!!

RO635: What...IS that?

UMP45: Is it a myth? Or an urban legend, maybe?

As the Dolls all direct their attention to the sky, they can see part of a massive object that seems to be floating in the sky.

It is a tower.

To be precise, it is a pair of black towers, joined at the base.

They are floating high in the sky, in flagrant disregard of gravity, and their metallic-looking surfaces radiate an oppressive air even from this distance.

The faint moonlight leaks out from between the two towers. Not even birds flying in the air would be visible against this light.

M4 SOPMOD II: It's so pretty...

SOP-II mutters her awe as she gazes at this sight, which cannot be adequately described by the word "miracle".

Then, as though waking from a dream, RO635 immediately sends out the emergency contact signal.

Beep...

Squad Nitrogen has connected...

Unable to contact the Commander.

RO635: ...Oh no.

UMP45: What's wrong?

RO635: I can't contact the Commander...

M4 SOPMOD II: Is Dandelion causing trouble again?!

UMP45: ...Hang on, let me check.

UMP45 verifies the network status and the comms system.

UMP45: Our connection to the outside world has been cut off, but the Aeneas conference room's signal is currently stable.

UMP45: Mona, can you guys hear me?

Mona: We've been here all this while, but what's the deal with losing contact with the Commander?

Architect: ...That sounds bad. Were we exposed?

RO635: If we were exposed, I believe we'd have hundreds of Paradeus units after us by now.

Gager: Are we changing our plan? It would not be wise to go any further without leadership.

UMP9: Wait, don't panic!

RO635: ...

RO635 falls silent for a while, then she turns to address the group and shakes her head.

She meets Mona's gaze resolutely.

RO635: We're continuing the op.

M4 SOPMOD II: Yup, that's right!

Mona: I'm not afraid or anything, but are you sure this is wise?

Mona: If the Commander doesn't know about our situation, then there won't be any rescue for us if something goes wrong.

RO635: Paradeus has chosen to activate their signal jamming now, which means we're very close to our destination, and that our presence is a threat to them.

RO635: If we withdraw now, it's likely that we'll be intercepted by Paradeus forces.

RO635: Also, if we want to enter this place again, we'll only end up having to pay a higher price for it.

Mona: ...

RO635: Besides, we were never going to get any support or rescue in this place anyway.

Architect: Looks like we're destined to wake up in a repair tank after all.

RO635: It might sound cruel, but we should all have expected this before we set out...

Mona: I can feel your determination. We need to continue the mission.

RO635: That's right. We don't have the luxury of multiple tries. Everything is riding on one big bet.

The Aeneas conference room channel falls silent as everyone ponders the implication of RO's decision.

XM8: Well, let's leave all this talk of death and rescue aside for now. What bothers me is—

XM8: How are we going to get up there?

RO635: ...

XM8: If we're going to continue the mission, we'll need a way to climb those towers, right?

XM8: But they're floating in the air...

XM8 points to the massive floating towers. They are rather far away from the ground, making them very difficult to scale.

Also, the only thing connecting the towers to the ground are a few thick pipes.

M4 SOPMOD II: We'll just climb up then! There's tons of pipes anyway!

UMP9: Eh— I can't!

XM8: Is that... a power conduit? Things are going to be very bad if it gets wrecked while we're climbing it!

RO635: A power conduit?

XM8: Yeah, didn't Papasha accidentally cut one while she was operating her construction mech?

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: So that was Papasha's doing...

XM8: Uh, did I say something wrong...

RO635: Not at all, Chessmaster.

RO635's eyes suddenly lights up again, and she thumps XM8 heavily on the shoulder.

RO635: I know how to reach the towers.

...In Avernus' main hall.

Gray and Morridow stumble inside, trailed by wisps of dirt that have been churned up by the air.

???: Ah... Big Sister Gray, Big Sister Morridow.

???: You have returned.

A Nyto greets them by the door. Her language is polite and deferential, her tone is very placid.

She regards the grievous injuries on their bodies and stands perfectly still.

Gray: What are you doing here?

???: I have just activated the signal jammer... Big Sister Nemhran says it is time to perform pest control.

Morridow: ...Nemhran called you here? What's your name?

Ashley: I am Ashley, Big Sister Morridow.

Gray: ...Grig is still outside the tower. She needs help.

Ashley: ...

Gray: ...Didn't you hear me?

Morridow: Don't worry... Gray.

Morridow: Nemhran always has backup plans.

Morridow's eyes flash with menace as she looks at Ashley.

Ashley: Allow me to send you to the repair room, Big Sister Morridow.

Ashley comes forward to help Morridow up, but Morridow pushes her away.

Morridow: I want to see Father.

Ashley: What...?

Ashley: ...I'm sorry, but I have not received orders to that effect.

Morridow: ...Tell Nemhran.

Morridow: I saw "that Big Sister". Only I can provide information regarding her.

Morridow: It doesn't matter if you don't understand what I'm saying as long as you relay my exact words. Remember, this is extremely important to Father.

Ashley: ...Please stand by.

Ashley bows courteously, then leisurely turns around.

Staring at Ashley's back, Morridow bites her lip nervously to keep her trembling body under control.

She knows that her own life is now on the gambling table, and the winner takes all.

And she has no choice but to go all-in.

...

...On the Aeneas conference room channel. The Commander's terminal is on recording mode.

In the silent room, the subdued atmosphere makes it a little hard to breathe.

All the Dolls are fully aware of the severity of the situation, and it is because of this that they are all silent.

They are waiting for RO635.

RO635: We can now be sure that our communications channels with the outside world have been completely severed. There is no telling when they will be restored.

RO635: Because we cannot contact the Commander at present, I have temporarily activated the recording mode on the Commander's terminal.

RO635: That way, when the Commander can contact us, they'll be able to see our mission progress.

The Dolls look hopefully toward the monitor where the Commander's face would normally appear.

However, only a cold, unfeeling camera head is there staring back at them.

RO635 nods in the Commander's direction, the same way she begins every meeting.

RO635: Now then, Commander, the meeting has begun. Our mission will be divided into 6 phases.

Returning the Dolls' uneasy gazes, RO635 calmly outlines the mission for them.

RO635: Our forces on this mission can be divided into three types—support, decoy, and search teams.

RO635: The first phase of the mission will involve finding the power plant. First, our support team will be... Chessmaster.

XM8: Present.

RO635: We can only infiltrate the towers when we have cut their power supply.

RO635: Otherwise, with the opposition fully prepared and ready, we will be spotted the moment we attempt to sneak in.

UMP45: Still, you also have to consider that there's no way they don't have a backup plan.

UMP45: Surely such a massive floating structure must have a backup power supply.

RO635: ...Yes, but the chaos caused by the initial power outage will be enough cover for us.

XM8: Hang on, am I the only one going? What if I can't do it?! I'm an intellectual, you know!

RO635: Scenario 1—you arrive and come to the conclusion that you can't do it, report to us immediately.

RO635: We will then proceed with the next phase of the operation. All you need to do is launch a feint to confuse them. Once we enter the towers, you may retreat.

XM8: What about Scenario 2?

RO635: You complete the mission, but realize that the enemy has a backup plan, or they have pinned you down so thoroughly that you cannot retreat.

RO635: In that case, withdrawal is your top priority. If you can't do that... cause as much trouble for them as you can.

XM8: ...

...In other words, XM8 will have to do everything she can to draw Paradeus' attention.

That most certainly implies that she will be sacrificed.

RO635: ...I'm sorry for giving you such a harsh mission.

RO635: But in this operation, every one of us must risk our all.

Faced with this order, XM8 simply grins.

XM8: Aw, it's okay, causing trouble is my stock in trade.

XM8: Even if I can't figure out how to disable their power supply, I just have to chuck a dozen or two grenades and call it a day, right?

XM8 laughs, but nobody follows up on her joke.

RO635: Next up, Phase 2... Unicorn.

UMP45: Here.

RO635: I don't need you to take part in direct combat, but you NEED to maintain the conference room signal.

RO635: Technically speaking, Phase 2 does not follow Phase 1; they will proceed simultaneously.

RO635: You will also be a support team. Now that we can't contact the Commander, we need to at least make sure we can communicate among ourselves.

RO635: Nothing is more important than this... If we lose contact during the operation, the mission is essentially a failure.

UMP45: ...No problem. Leave it to me.

UMP9: We'll be waiting here for you guys to come back!

Mona: I'm sorry, I'm not trying to rain on your parade... but if Paradeus finds an abnormal signal and patches into it...

RO635: ...

RO635: That's the reason why we're laying out the full plan right now.

RO635: If it turns out we can't communicate with each other for any reason, continue with the plan, but adapt the execution to fit the circumstances.

UMP45: You'd better pray that doesn't happen... Because if it does, anything we do may very well be too little, too late.

UMP45: Considering how little fighting strength we have, once our raid is discovered, we're essentially lambs to the slaughter.

Mona: ...

RO635: Next is Phase 3, for which we will need a decoy team... Squad Ferrum.

Gager: ...

RO635 looks at the two S.F. Dolls and pauses briefly.

Gager gazes silently at RO635.

Then Architect lets out a knowing giggle.

Architect: So we're your trump cards, then?

Architect: Just give us the most important mission you have, and we'll get it done.

RO635: ...I need you to draw their fire in a stand-up fight.

RO635: To be precise, I need you to climb the tower platform, and cause a huge ruckus.

RO635: You will fight countless Paradeus forces and there will be high-ranking Nytos coming to intercept you.

RO635: And it's very likely there will be more than one of the latter.

Gager: ...

RO635: You are the squad with the greatest firepower in the entire team, which means you're the only ones who can complete this mission.

Gager shoots Architect a glance. She looks like she wants to say something, but Architect speaks up before she can.

Architect: So you want us to do a song and dance at the enemy's doorstep? That's what a trump card ought to be doing.

Gager: ...How about the timeframe? How long do you need us to do this for?

RO635: For as long as possible.

RO635: That's because we know nothing about the towers' interior, and we don't know where exactly Ange is being held.

RO635: We will search as quickly as we can, but... I can't tell you exactly how much time we'll need.

Architect: And once we can't hold out any longer, the Paradeus forces that swarm back in will tear you all to itty bitty pieces in an instant?

RO635: ...Yes.

Architect: Are you really willing to give me such an important task?

Architect: Do you really have that much faith in me?

RO635: Yes.

M4 SOPMOD II: You'd better do a good job! If you succeed, I'll let you rip my legs off after we go back!

Architect: Hahaha! You'd better not regret those words, then!

Architect: Gager, would you mind keeping me company?

Gager: Since you've already decided... I have no further questions.

Gager: But let me lay this out here—we can't get by with spirit alone. If we can't handle it, then we can't, period.

Gager: In particular, the search party sneaking into the towers will be operating covertly, so you can't take the heat off us.

Gager: We can't possibly hold off all of Paradeus by ourselves.

RO635: I know that, which is why—during Phase 5, I will have people cause a disturbance at the eastern and western towers.

RO635: That ought to ease the strain on you.

Mona: Who will go?

RO635: ...The Commander's backup.

RO635: They will take the eastern and western towers respectively.

Architect: Well, I certainly look forward to that!~

RO635: Let's talk about Phase 4 first—we'll need a search team...

RO635: Nitrogen.

Mona: Present.

RO635: Right now, we've commandeered three aircrafts from the outpost. SOP-II and I need one.

RO635: The remaining two will be for your use.

RO635: With Squad Ferrum covering us, we will fly to the bridge on around level 30 or 40.

RO635: That's when we will meet up again. I need you to help us with the search work.

No. 9: What if we fail to link up?

RO635: Then we work separately. That's Plan B for Phase 4.

RO635: The worst case scenario is if you can't extract from the bridge, in other words Plan C, where you will take the role of bait. Can you handle it?

Mona: No problem.

Mona nods with conviction.

Mona: Worst comes to worst, we can help ease the burden on Squad Ferrum.

Mona: Even so, we can't keep holding out forever. After all, we'll be in the belly of the beast. Plus, we need to safeguard the aircrafts as our withdrawal route.

RO635: I know... That's why I need Unicorn to keep the conference room comms open.

RO635: We don't know how much time we have. We need to treat every minute we have as though it were our last.

RO635: And then we have the final objective of the plan... In other words, "Phase 0".

RO635: Ensure Angelia's safety and bring her back to Berlin.

Rhino: Alright, let's assume the best happens and we find Ange and rescue her.

Rhino: How are we going to take her away?

RO635: I was just about to get to that.

RO635: As you can see, we are in a Black Zone.

RO635: The cargo beds of transport trucks here have emergency radiation-isolated oxygen chambers.

RO635: We need to use them to transport Ange... At least, until we leave the Black Zone.

Mona: Doing so will slow us down significantly.

Rhino: In other words... even if we do rescue her, we'll probably need someone to stay behind and cover our retreat...

Everyone: ...

RO635: As long as we move fast enough and withdraw in good order, we might be able to receive backup when we leave this area...

Mona: The enemies we face are going to be very hard to handle.

RO635: As for our enemies—according to our information, there are currently six known high-ranking Nytos.

RO635: They will be our main enemies, whether it's during the rescue or evacuation.

No. 9: First off is the speedy one, the one called "Grig".

No. 9: Her speed and attack power are frankly unfair.

RO635: Yes, her swordsmanship is excellent, but she's easy to deal with if you can find a way to bring the fight to her.

RO635: High-speed movement is highly dependent on the terrain, and she has practically no ranged attack abilities.

RO635: As long as you can limit her range of movement and pen her in, you can try to suppress her.

Mona: What about Bramedb and Gray?

UMP45: Bramedb's primary combat method is electronic warfare.

UMP45: However high her specs might be, she can't directly hack multiple units in rapid succession.

UMP45: If you can harass her with ranged weapons and distract her, she shouldn't be a problem... I should point out that I'm a pro at electronic warfare.

RO635: As for Gray... Her most obvious weakness is that she also has no ranged combat capabilities.

RO635: Her abilities are in the middle of the pack for a high-ranking Nyto, so as long as you engage her appropriately and switch between explosives and long-ranged attacks, you should be able to defeat her in a straight fight.

UMP9: Morridow hardly bears mentioning; she's probably still being repaired...

UMP9: How do you fix a Nyto?

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll scrap one for you next time, then you'll find out!

RO635: Morridow is the leader of the high-ranking Nytos, so there's little chance we'll fight her directly...

RO635: Or rather, if we meet her, we should watch out for the one beside her.

Architect: So the final problem is still...

RO635: ...

Mona: ...

UMP45: ...Narciss.

Mona: It's hard to tell where she'll show up.

RO635: If she does, there is only one option.

Gager: Which is?

RO635: Run.

RO635: Judging by our previous confrontations, I can conclude that we have practically zero chance of beating Narciss without M4 or Dandelion.

Architect: Couldn't have picked a smarter choice.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? But that's just five of them. Shouldn't there be one more?

RO635: That one came from data provided by another information source.

RO635: They have one more high-ranking Nyto among them, but practically nothing is known about her beyond the fact that she exists.

RO635: This is just for reference, but if you encounter her, you'll need to be on highest alert.

Mona: Understood.

RO635: If any squad encounter enemies other than these six, then they will immediately switch to a new objective—collecting data on that Nyto is the highest priority.

Everyone: ...Roger.

RO635: We know next to nothing about the situation inside the towers, so even if we've drawn up this plan...

RO635: We'll still need to be very flexible during the operation itself... It is very likely we will take losses there.

RO635: Simply put, we have no time, and no opportunity to come back and recover the cores of anyone who is KIA.

RO635: Therefore, please do your best to keep yourselves safe as long as it does not compromise the mission... Especially you, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll be fine!

RO635: 45.

UMP45: What is it?

RO635: Our backup has arrived. We'll need to authorize them to access the Aeneas conference room.

UMP45: Understood.

M4 SOPMOD II: So who are the newcomers?

RO635: ...You'll find out in due time.

M4 SOPMOD II: You're not even going to tell me?!

RO635: ...That's the entire plan. Any questions?

The Dolls study the plan in silence. Nobody asks any questions. Everyone simply waits quietly.

M4 SOPMOD II: Looks like everyone's okay. Let's head out, RO!

RO looks around at the Dolls, but she does not give the command to begin the operation.

RO635: ...

RO635: I can see the doubts on your faces.

RO635: I've already shut off recording mode, so you may express them without reservation.

Mona: ...

Gager: ...

RO635: I understand how you must feel. This mission is like nothing we've ever carried out before.

RO635: Whether it's our target, the difficulty, or our backup status, there is no doubt that it is incredibly risky and dangerous.

RO635: Let me speak plainly—we are going out there to die.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

RO635: You must be wondering, why is it that "we" have to die? Is our mission objective really worth all our deaths?

RO635: But your professional upbringing won't let you say that.

Mona: I have to admit, I've been thinking about why we need to sacrifice so many people to save a single agent.

Mona: We would have much less of a burden to carry if all we had to do was explore the "Dead Sea".

RO635: That's right. If we could just abandon a fragile human being, then we could easily go in and out of the "Dead Sea".

RO635: So why, then?

RO635: Why do we have to stake everything we have to rescue a single human being?

The Dolls look away, unable to answer.

RO635: Very little was said about Ange, the objective of this mission, in our briefing material.

RO635: Allow me to fill you in on her.

RO635: Ange is, in fact, an ordinary human being. As an agent, she has been active in various theaters, doing her best to stop war and the power of the Relics from falling into the hands of those with impure intentions.

RO635: That is because she knows that if the power of the Relics is abused, the world will end up like the ground beneath our feet.

The Dolls look around them, at the nightmarish landscape of the "Dead Sea". It is indeed a place where not even Dolls, let alone humans, can survive.

RO635: The first time I heard Ange's name was when she set off a dirty bomb right next to herself in order to stop a Military plot.

Mona: ...When I heard about that, I was shocked that she was still alive.

Rhino: But when humans are exposed to radiation at such close range, won't they—

Rhino forces herself to swallow the words she is about to say.

RO635: Yes, she was severely injured during that blast, but she hung in there and continued her mission.

RO635: Her trail led from Tallinn, to Paldiski Submarine Base, and all the way to Germany.

RO635: Despite countless run-ins with death, her faith has never once wavered.

Mona: I hope I'll get the chance to meet such a veteran in person.

No. 9: She is truly a fearless hero.

RO635: She has tried to save the world all this while, and now it is time for us to save her.

There are looks of respect on the Dolls' faces.

RO635: She is not the first hero to fight for freedom, and she will most definitely not be the last.

RO635: She has given everything she has, and what she has done will never be made public; it will be hidden under the dust of time.

RO635: However—

RO635: Those who blaze a trail for freedom are not concerned with the thorns in their way.

RO635: So we have to save her, and right now, only we can save her.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right!

Mona: ...

Gager: ...

RO635 stops talking, and silence descends once again.

But unlike the confusion from before, the Dolls have found the will to continue with the mission, more or less.

RO635: Any questions?

All Dolls: NO!

RO635: In that case, let us commence Operation Aeneas!

RO635: Everyone, please take care!

RO635: I sincerely hope that we'll live to tell the tale.
Part 2

2

Stasi HQ, Berlin.

Romy: So they can't cross?

Secretary: Yes, Director Riefenstahl. That was what the General said.

Romy: ...But the General said earlier that he would contact me once he reached Frankfurt.

Romy: And I have things here that I need to report to him.

Secretary: My apologies, but the General has made his opinion clear.

Secretary: ...He is unable to respond to your calls at the moment and he hopes that you will stay in Berlin for the time being.

Secretary: When the time is right, he will arrange for you to return to your business in Frankfurt.

Romy: ...Understood.

Click.

The transmission ends.

Romy: ...

...What happened on the plane?

Why did the General suddenly change his mind and have her remain in Berlin for the time being?

Romy: ...Get Kevin in here.

J: ...Director? You called?

Romy: I have a new job for you.

Romy puts a list of names she has just finished scribbling on the table and pushes it over to J.

J takes it, a look of suspicion on his face, and gives it a quick once-over.

J: ...Aren't these all key personnel at the Ministry of Defense?

Romy: Look into their background. Work in secrecy.

J: Got it...

With a nod, he puts the list away. Then he looks up at Romy again, debating silently if he should speak.

Romy: What's the matter?

J: ...It's about the "Dead Sea". It seems something has gone wrong over there.

J: Should we send some support?

Romy: ...That matter has already been concluded.

J: Say what?

J looks incredulous.

Romy: Do you need me to repeat myself?

Romy: Our mission is already over.

J: ...Over? How can it be over?

J: We just started feeling around the edges of the "Dead Sea"!

J: The battle has only just begun!

Romy: For "us", it is over.

Romy calmly returns her subordinate's stare.

J: ...I see.

J: So from the beginning, this is as far as we needed to go, is that it?

Romy: ...

Romy does not answer J's question. She simply leans back into her chair.

J: There's no way the Commander's squad will be able to leave in one piece without our help.

Romy: That's the Commander's problem.

J: We're ALLIES! Isn't this a form of betrayal?!

Romy: There is only one thing you can't betray, Agent J.

Romy: That would be the Stasi.

J: ...

Romy: We and the Commander were simply using each other. And now, the time has come to draw in our nets.

Romy: Don't throw tantrums like a child.

J: ...Good day.

J resists the urge to slam the door and leaves the office with as much politeness as he can muster.

After leaving Romy's line of sight, J viciously throws the documents down on the table, startling K, who's sitting beside him.

K: What's gotten into you? How about backup for the Commander?

J: That old hag denied it!

J: She was going on about how we were both using each other. If she's going to order people around then why doesn't—

K: Did she ask us to terminate the operation?

J: ...Huh? What?

K: Or did she ask the Commander to terminate the operation?

J: No, actually...

K: Good.

K lets some of the tension flow out of him.

J: Wait, what do you mean?

K: Officially, support has been denied, but civilian backup from unknown origins is not similarly restricted...

J: Wait a minute, so you're saying—

K smiles and picks up his folder, then strides out of the office.

J: Hey, wait!

Inside the temporary safe house.

Beep, beep.

ST AR-15: ...Commander!

Commander: Have comms been restored on Mr. Kryuger's side?

ST AR-15: No... It's Agent K.

ST AR-15 hands the command tablet to the Commander.

Commander: I hope this is good news.

K: Our work has gone very well.

K: Mr. Kryuger will be released soon...

Commander: Thank you for letting me know.

K: Don't sweat it... It's the least I could do.

K gazes at the Commander and falls silent for a while.

K: Contact me if you need further assistance.

Commander: Yeah, thanks.

Click.

The call ends.

Commander: ...

The Commander looks at the tablet in their hands and frowns.

But then they think about the outcome that has already been decided, and they breathe a sigh of relief.

...Inside the Earl's room.

The Earl is sitting on his chair, quietly drinking the cup of tea he is holding.

Beep.

The new email alert breaks the silence.

Earl: ...Looks like they've made a bit of progress at last..

The Earl puts down his teacup and reads the email, paying attention to the sender's address.

???: "The spider has returned."

???: "But she walked out of "his" room alive, and gained an opportunity for promotion."

Earl: So those who fail in Paradeus can also avoid the death sentence, hm.

???: "The exact reason is related to a girl named Lunasia."

Earl: ...

The Earl's eyebrows rise. He scrolls down the page eagerly, but there is no more content in the email.

After removing all traces of it, the Earl picks his cup up again. His eyes narrow as he thinks back on the distant past.

Earl: Lunasia...
Part 3

3

Morridow: ...

On the brink of death, Morridow lies on the surgical table, holding her breath and not daring to make a sound.

...At least, not until that man speaks.

A clean, slender hand takes hold of a somewhat dated record player, then guides the needle onto the surface of a vinyl record.

Shortly after, elegant, flowing music breaks the silence, filling the air all around and echoing in the confined space.

Those long, slender fingers are now grasping a surgical scalpel firmly, its translucent blade gleaming in the light.

Morridow: ...Father.

William?: Shh.

The man presses his index finger to his lips, cutting off Morridow's voice with some dissatisfaction.

The keen edge travels back and forth before Morridow, reflecting the light into her eyes, and she can't help but feel a slight chill.

(Rustle)

The scalpel's edge is as thin as a cicada's wing. It slices open her skin, and amidst the cool sensation, she can feel warm, fresh blood flowing down her cheeks.

William?: Nemhran says... you claim to have something important to report.

The man's voice is very quiet, as though what he was doing was a gentle, loving caress.

William?: You know that I hate wasting time.

Morridow: ...

(Gulps)

Morridow swallows reflexively.

...She knows very well that making this request is a huge gamble.

But at the same time... she is certain that it will pay off.

Morridow: ...Lunasia.

William?: ...

The sharp blade halts on Morridow's cheek. The wounds from earlier keep gushing blood, but none of it touches the scalpel.

William?: Where did you learn that name from?

Morridow: ...I saw her in person, Father.

Morridow forces down her fear and keeps the quavering from her voice.

Morridow: Please... give me a chance.

William?: ...

Morridow musters the last of her strength and connects to the room's holographic projector.

It is a familiar garden. Two indistinct figures sit side by side.

???: You really do like this garden very much, considering how you come here to keep me company every day.

???: My apologies... (Coughs) If only I wasn't so weak and feeble. You still have your own research, right? You don't need to keep worrying about me. Go do what you want to do.

???: We're simply taking shelter here for a while. Once the storm passes, Father will surely bring us back.

A resounding slap lands on Morridow's cheek, forcing her to stop her simulation.

William?: THIS IS NOT SOMETHING YOU SHOULD SEE!!

Morridow dares not move, because the edge that could take her life at any moment is now pressed against her throat.

Blood keeps flowing... drop by drop.

Morridow: ...Of course not, Father.

Though she sounded confident enough in front of Gray... right now, the anxiety she feels is choking her.

Her life, or perhaps her death, is entirely at the whim of the person before her.

Morridow: I have had the honor of speaking to her... more than once.

William?: Sister...

The man mutters quietly, unconsciously letting go of Morridow's face.

His brain seems to be working rapidly, and multiple expressions cross his face in a short span of time.

William?: Is she still there?

As she looks at the savage joy on the man's face, Morridow takes a deep breath to help preserve her calm.

Morridow: She has already left—

Morridow: But I know how to see her again.

Before his face can turn gloomy, she hastily adds that last line.

The man violently grabs Morridow by the head and stares her dead in the eyes.

Morridow: ...

She holds her breath once again, meeting his gaze without flinching.

William?: ...

After a brief moment of silence, the man slowly lets go.

William?: Make sure no one else learns of this.

Morridow: ...Of course.

Morridow: I understand, Father.

William?: ...Good.

The man turns around and glances at a White Nyto behind him.

William?: Send her to the modification chamber. I'll be there in a few minutes.

William?: ...Be honored. I have not performed a procedure myself in a long time.

Morridow: Thank you, Father...

Morridow is almost dragged out of the room by the Nyto.

Her head droops weakly, and strands of her hair obscure her face.

Nobody can see her smile.

M4A1: ...If that's your wish, I can fulfill it.

Morridow closes her eyes, and in the darkness she sees M4 smiling at her, her face full of pity.

Click.

XM8: Um... This is the last place.

After turning off the offline map in her hand, XM8 carefully severs the security circuits in the power distributor before her. Holding her little knife in her teeth, she sticks a bomb onto the device.

XM8: Miss Persica is amazing... I didn't think this offline map could actually simulate the layout of the power plant.

Also, if one thinks about it, it would be practically impossible for her as a single individual to paralyze an entire power plant...

Yet the pulse bombs provided by Persica have made the impossible possible.

Black Nyto: ...

XM8: ...!

As the patrolling footsteps draw close, XM8 pulls her entire body behind cover.

Behind her, the white troopers and their accompanying Nyto march primly down their patrol route. XM8 watches their backs nervously until they vanish completely from view. Only then does she dare stick her head out.

XM8: ...I'd have been dead if they had found me.

The security at the power plant is tighter than she imagined.

XM8: ...

She briefly glances downward.

There are less than five minutes until the detonation of the first bombs she planted.

XM8: Chessmaster here, the mission will be complete in five minutes. Over.

RO635: Umbrella copies.

Right, that's taken care of...

XM8 takes a deep breath.

The detonation is only the beginning. She's going to make this place the world's messiest battlefield and stand her ground for as long as she can.

This game of chess will be her masterpiece.

...In Avernus' main hall.

Ethereal singing fills the air.

Nemhran: Through me the way into the city of miserable melancholy,

Nemhran: Through me the way into the tower of utmost delight,

Nemhran: Through me the way into the doomed masses.

Black Nyto: Two suns, each illuminating a path.

White Nyto: The path of the mundane world, and the path of the merciful Father.

Black/White Nyto: Sanctum turned into the Devil's pit, the scales into an alter, drenched in sinners' blood.

Black/White Nyto: Each Fury with her nails was tearing at her breast; they smote them with their hands, and cried so loud.

...

Gray: When half way through the journey of our life,

Gray: Through this Heaven and Hell art we led,

Nemhran: Thou wast made before I unmade.

Nemhran: The anguish thou art in perchance withdraws thee from my memory.

Nemhran: We shall be together, in neither Heaven nor Hell, neither cursed nor redeemed. I did not die, nor yet remained alive.

The amassed Nytos gather around the faint light pouring on that fiendish-looking statue. Led by Nemhran, their voices blend into a chorus.

Even the maniacal, thoughtless Narciss is quiet and subdued here.

This is an occasion where no disturbance or disruption is permitted.

Nemhran: ...

As the gathered Nytos pray, Nemhran lifts her eyes slightly toward the spiral staircase above her—

Morridow is there, covered in blood, being helped up its steps by a pair of Nytos.

Nemhran: Looks like she survived...

Nemhran: ...Father is truly merciful.

Nemhran looks away from them and gazes thoughtfully at the statue before her.

Today, the headless goddess points toward the light, just like every other day.

Black/White Nyto: Merciful Father, bring us—

Snap.

Suddenly, an ominous humming interrupts the prayer.

The black and white Nytos rise to their feet one after the other, looking around at their surroundings, which have been deprived of their illumination for some unknown reason.

Gray: ...An alert? What happened?

Bramedb: It's the power station.

White Nyto: Big Sisters...

White Nyto: Intruders have appeared on the platform!

Nemhran: Narciss.

Narciss: ...Heh, HAHAHAHA!

Narciss: Good, good, I was getting bored of this anyway!

Upon receiving Nemhran's go-ahead, the already-antsy Narciss takes off her mask to reveal the crazed look on her face before she runs out of the main hall.

Beep.

After a brief warning chime, the backup power supply kicks in, and the hall returns to its original state.

Nemhran: Do not worry.

Nemhran's quiet command instantly quells the uneasy Nytos.

Nemhran: This was expected... Were you hoping that these bothersome flies would do nothing but buzz around before our eyes?

Gray: ...

Nemhran: I detected 14 Dolls before this.

Nemhran: The one at the power plant is...

Whoosh—

In an instant, the data on Tactical Doll XM8 enters all the Nytos' virtual cognition images.

From her model number, to her Imprinted weapon, her tactical inclinations, her service history... it's all there.

Nemhran: There is no need to panic.

Nemhran: She is merely a capering clown.

Nemhran glances at the Nyto next to her casually and beckons at her.

The White Nyto obediently steps up.

Nemhran: The backup power supply will last one hour.

Nemhran: It is more than enough to eliminate this Doll. Send your people over.

White Nyto: Yes, it shall be done.

Nemhran: Also... once it's done, eliminate all the personnel involved and have them replaced.

Nemhran: We do not keep failures here.

White Nyto: Yes...

Gray: ...I will take responsibility for handling this matter.

Nemhran: Of course you will.

Nemhran looks disdainfully at Gray.

Nemhran: As for the other units... Report to me immediately once the battle begins.

Nemhran: I will be sharing information in real-time.

Nemhran looks around at everyone.

Nemhran: Leave only one survivor. As for the rest—kill them all.

Gray: ...Understood.

Bramedb: Got it.

Nemhran: This may be your last chance, Gray.

Nemhran: ...Cherish it.

Gray: ...

Gray closes her eyes.

In the darkness before her is Grig, so pale that she is nearly translucent, lying in a repair tank.

Gray: Grig...

She mutters to herself as she leaves the hall.

Bramedb: How sad~

Nemhran: As for the rest of you—resume your prayers!

Nemhran: Did anyone say you could stop?

White Nyto: ...!

At Nemhran's command, the low-ranking Nytos who did not receive any orders return to their places hastily.

And on the tower platform not far from this place, the curtains rise on a bloody massacre.

...On the tower platform, Avernus.

The hollow-eyed Nytos pace out their patrol route like marionettes.

Black Nyto: ...

White Nyto: How many aircrafts were there in the captured outpost?

Black Nyto: We are taking stock now, but there were at least six of them. However, some of them were destroyed. We can't sync our information at the moment...

White Nyto: ...

Black Nyto: Do you think the intruders will enter the towers?

White Nyto: How likely do you think it is that people willingly go to their deaths?

There is a hint of disdain in the White Nyto's voice.

White Nyto: It would obviously save us the effort of finding them if they come walking in themselves.

White Nyto: The secrets of Avernus must never be revealed. Even if they did not come, our sisters would not permit them to leave with our secrets.

Black Nyto: ...

The Black Nyto nods in understanding.

White Nyto: Have you finished your patrol?

Black Nyto: Yes. This is the 327th one today. No abnormalities found.

White Nyto: Then—

The White Nyto nods, then just as she is about to turn and leave—

Whoosh—

A hand suddenly reaches out from beyond the edge of the platform like an earthbound spirit, closing around the Black Nyto's ankle.

Before she can cry out, she is forcefully flung off the platform and into the abyss.

White Nyto: —?!

The White Nyto witnesses the whole thing, but just as she is about to cry out—

There is a flash of dazzling white, and a pillar of light rises from below, instantly piercing her throat.

She tumbles to the side, like a puppet whose strings have been cut, and falls from the platform.

Right after that, two girls in black haul themselves up from the edge of the platform.

Gager: We've reached the platform.

Architect: Man, I'm beat... How come THEY get the aircrafts while we have to climb all the way up?!

Gager: ...Cut the crap. It's time to work.

Architect: Yup... You're right. ♪

Architect grins as she loads the cannon she's holding.

Architect: Ferrum to Unicorn, we've reached the platform.

Architect: Preparing to fire—

Kaboom—

White Nyto: W-we're under attack!!

Bang, bang, bang!!

The Nytos patrolling the platform are suddenly under attack. In a panic, they try to counterattack, but they are promptly shredded by the heavy bombardment of ordnance from above.

UMP45: Unicorn copies... Oh, you piece of work. Don't just start shooting before I even send an acknowledgement.

Gager: Enemies at 1 o'clock have all been eliminated.

Architect: Yaaay! What difference does it make? It all ends up the same anyway! Hahahaha!!!

Gager: Get back behind cover.

The ferocious fire abates, and their nimble figures roll behind the transport truck they're using for cover.

BOOM!!!

Amidst the glow of the explosions, they stand back to back, holding a cannon and gunbow respectively.

UMP45: Oh, well... Not like it's a bad thing.

UMP45: Umbrella and Nitrogen have begun their infiltration. Hang in there.

Architect: No problem! I guarantee aaaalll~ eyes will be on us!

Gager: Don't get careless!

After their initial panic, the Paradeus forces respond quickly and immediately surround the two intruders.

However, even in the face of so many enemies, the laughing Doll and her grim-faced partner simply raise their weapons and generously baptize their opponents in flames.

Gager: Start by taking out the heavy weapons on the platforms!

Gager: All we can count on here is a firepower advantage!

Architect: Got it!

Architect licks her lips and lifts her cannon.

After a round of fire, she takes aim again, but not at the enemy or their aircrafts.

Instead—

Boom!

Boom!!

Boom!!!

Gager: Where the hell are you shooting?!

Architect: At the tower entrance, of course!

Architect: Take that out first and their reinforcements won't be able to get out here so easily!

Gager: ...!

Before Gager can object, Architect's bombardment has already collapsed the passage that was originally meant for transport trucks.

The white troopers and Nytos who couldn't flee in time have been buried under the metal and rubble.

Architect: That should buy us at least another five minutes, right?

Gager: You...

Gager: This is Ferrum, no high-ranking Nytos sighted on the platform.

UMP45: Unicorn copies. Don't lower your guard.

UMP45: They should have aircrafts inside the towers.

UMP45: Reinforcements should be arriving soon.

UMP9: Which high-ranking Nyto do you think will show up?

Gager: ...If it's Grig or Gray, we can handle them.

Gager: Bramedb is even less of an issue. We're not so weak that electronic disruption would cripple us.

UMP9: Haha, then I hope you don't draw the worst card.

Architect: It'll be fine, I've always been confident in my luck!

Architect: Besides, even if they come from above, I'll shoot them down before they land—!!

Boom!!!

Pzzt... Pzzzt...

A sound that is a hundred times louder than Architect's shells shakes them so hard that even their comms emit the sound of electrical static in protest.

Architect: ...Hm?!

Gager: Urgh...!!!

UMP45: ...Ferrum? What happened?

Architect: ...

A powerful explosion sweeps away the piles of twisted steel and debris in front of the passage. The flying metal sheets and rocks crush the white forces and Nytos in front of Architect and Gager.

Not even in their wildest dreams did they expect to be attacked from behind while they were focused on dealing with the enemy.

...But this is not a planned ambush. It is merely "her" kicking a bothersome obstacle out of the way.

Gager: ...Squad Ferrum has encountered a high-ranking Nyto.

Ka-clack.

The cannon and gunbow reload at the same time, and the Dolls turn to face "her" with a grave look on their faces.

UMP9: ...How did they respond so soon?!

UMP9: Who is it? Is it Gray? Grig? Or Bramedb?!

Tap.

Narciss: It stinks... It stinks of intruders...

The petite Nyto leisurely strolling down the slope from the tower entrance surveys the ragged battlefield before her.

In the end, her murderous gaze turns to the two S.F. Dolls standing side by side.

Narciss: Is it you? Are you the maggots who dared disturb Big Sister's rest?

Gager: ...It's Narciss.
Part 4

4

...In the "Dead Sea."

RO635: Chessmaster's mission is complete. The decoy team has already begun operations.

RO635: We're up, Squad Nitrogen.

Mona: Got it.

XM8: RO... Chessmaster to Umbrella!

RO635: Umbrella copies. Don't panic. What happened?

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoa, you're even leaving afterimages behind!

XM8: I cut the power, but I'm also completely surrounded!

RO635: ...Fall back immediately!

XM8: There's no escape for me.

XM8: They know all my escape routes... I'm trapped in here.

M4 SOPMOD II: What?! Are we going to help her out?

XM8: No need for that. I'll think of something.

XM8: ...Anyway, quit interrupting me! I have something urgent to report!

RO635: Go ahead.

XM8: Listen up, Umbrella. I failed my mission.

XM8: There's a backup power supply, and it can keep going for another hour.

RO635: ...In other words, even though you succeeded at your demolition.

RO635: The towers will still remain functional for an hour...

XM8: Not only that. The bombs I used had limited destructive power, so they'll fix up the damage I did soon.

M4 SOPMOD II: W-what should we do, RO?

Mona: We need to speed up! We've got less time than we expected!

RO635: ...I know. The search teams will be heading out right away.

RO635: Chessmaster, you—

XM8: ...I'll stay here and keep trying to break stuff.

XM8: At the very least, I can disrupt their repair progress, though I probably won't be able to hold out for an hour.

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: But what about you?!

XM8: Relax, I won't go down so easily!

RO635: ...Understood.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO!

With that, Chessmaster goes silent.

Given the noise coming from her end, it's obvious that she's having a hard fight.

M4 SOPMOD II: No way...

Mona: ...Even if she does manage to delay them for an hour, we can't possibly search two towers during that time.

RO635: ...XM8 has completed her mission.

RO635: It's our turn now.

M4 SOPMOD II: But we don't know a single thing about the inside of the towers. How do we know which one we should look in?

RO635: We'll just have to take a chance.

M4 SOPMOD II: What?! If I said that on a normal day, you'd be scolding me for it!

Mona: We have no other choice.

M4 SOPMOD II: Is there really nothing else we can do except "eenie meenie miney mo"?!

RO635: That's right, SOP-II. Luck is also an important factor in victory.

Rhino: I'm starting to get a little nervous...

No. 9: Take your pick, then.

Mona: ...

As they wait, the other Dolls are so nervous their neural clouds are about to stall out.

RO looks up at the imposing twin towers and starts rapidly contemplating the possibilities.

After mulling over the odds over and over again, her hand points toward—

RO635: I'm going with that one.

Using the distraction created by Ferrum and Chessmaster, Umbrella enters the interior of Avernus on an aircraft.

RO635: Umbrella is in position. How are things on your end, Ferrum?

M4 SOPMOD II: It sounds like they're making a lot of noise over there!

After a brief silence, a frantic transmission from UMP9 comes through the Aeneas conference room channel.

UMP9: Bad news! Squad Ferrum ran into Narciss!

RO635: What?! Retreat immediately, Ferrum!

RO635: You can't take her in a straight fight!

Architect: I kind of wanted to do that... but if we withdraw now...

Boom!

Architect's voice is interrupted by an explosion.

UMP45: Umbrella! Nitrogen! How much longer do you need?!

RO635: ...Umbrella has landed.

Mona: Nitrogen is still on the way.

Mona: We need at least two minutes.

UMP9: Two minutes?!

UMP9: When Squad Griffin fought her, they only managed to stall her for five minutes, and they gave their lives for that!

Architect: Are you— Boom!

Architect: Freaking— Boom!!

Architect: Kidding me?!— BOOM!!!

Gager: Architect, look out!!

BOOM!

RO635: Ferrum?!

Architect: (Coughs) We're fine.

Architect is starting to sound a little ragged.

Architect: Two minutes, yeah?

Mona: ...One minute and 30 seconds now.

UMP9: How about giving up? You might be able to make it if you pull back now.

Architect: Don't worry about me! If we pull back now and Narciss goes back inside the tower, you'll all be wiped out in minutes!

Architect: Obviously only aces like us could handle an important mission like delaying her!

Architect: Hell, forget two minutes...

Architect: I'll hold her for 10 minutes just to show you!

RO635: Ferrum...

UMP9: Your spirit is admirable, but...

Boom!

There is another explosion, accompanied by a stream of Sangvis profanities before Architect's voice slowly fades away.

UMP9: (Sighs) The poor things.

RO635: ...9?

UMP45: ...Oh no.

Pzzt...

UMP45: RO! Kick her out!

RO635: What... What happened?!

UMP45: Don't ask! Hurry!

UMP9: Finally realized it? How sad...

System Notice.

UMP9 has been kicked offline.

UMP45: 9!

UMP45 turns her eyes back to reality and looks at UMP9 standing before her.

Her body is twitching uncontrollably, and when RO635 kicks her offline, she promptly collapses.

UMP9: 45... I...

She is visibly in pain.

UMP45: ...She's been hacked.

UMP45: Our plans have been exposed.

UMP45 gathers UMP9 into her arms with a fierce scowl. Her eyes are filled with hatred for her opponent on the other end of the connection.

Mona: ...In other words, this infiltration isn't an infiltration anymore?

RO635: ...No, we still have some room for error.

UMP45: Explain yourself or I'm going to get mad.

RO635: There are two more members. They haven't been exposed yet.>

UMP45: ...Are you sure they'll be useful?

RO635: I am.

RO635's reply is filled with certainty.

At the entrance of the Eastern Tower, Avernus.

Bramedb: ...

Gray: What's the matter?

Bramedb: I'm wiping your ass for you, Gray.

Bramedb: You should be grateful.

Gray: I'm not in the mood to argue with you, Bramedb.

Bramedb: Ah, yes, of course.

Bramedb: After all, I'm not the one who led them to Avernus.

Bramedb: You should know this place has never been exposed ever since it was built, right?

Bramedb: Congratulations, Gray. You've made history.

Gray: ...

Bramedb: Who knows if your precious Teacher can protect you this time?

Bramedb: I wonder, what will Father say? Hmm, Gray?

Gray: ...You're even more laughable than usual, Bramedb.

Gray: I've read about cliched characters like you in stories.

Gray: I didn't think I'd get to meet one in real life.

Bramedb: ...

Bramedb: ...Go ahead and mouth off now, Gray.

Bramedb: You won't be doing that for very long.

Click.

Ashley: ...This is Ashley, Big Sister Bramedb.

Ashley: Big Sister Nemhran has received your results.

Bramedb: They responded quickly. Otherwise, I could have gotten more out of them.

Ashley: ...Big Sister Nemhran said "don't bother".

Ashley: It is sufficient... I will now relay the latest news to you.

Click...

Transmitting files...

Data File PACC20641005100051...

Target designations confirmed.

Architect...

Gager...

RO635...

SOP-II...

UMP45...

UMP9...

Mona...

Rhino...

QBZ-191...

In an instant, all the data on all the intruders are loaded into their virtual cognition images.

The level of detail is even more astounding than when they first saw XM8's data. The action logic and weaknesses of every single one of these Dolls have all been highlighted.

These are... the details provided by the all-pervasive Bee Sting.

As an infiltrator who once lurked in human society to gather information, Gray feels a chill run down her spine at that moment.

Bramedb: How terrifying...

Gray: Architect and Gager... Are they the two on the tower platform?

Gray: Narciss can handle them easily. UMP45 and UMP9 are the ones providing support.

Bramedb: The group from the Stasi seem to be planning to land directly on the "Bridge of Judgment".

Gray: ...Shall we go there now?

Bramedb: Do as you like; I'm not interested in—

Boom!

A massive explosion interrupts Bramedb.

Both of them look toward the source of the sound.

Bramedb: ...RO635?

Gray: They can't possibly get here so fast...

Gray's eyes narrow.

Gray: ...Looks like you weren't thorough enough.

Bramedb: ...

As Bramedb looks on hatefully, Gray raises a hand to signal the troops beside her.

Gray: Wipe out the intruders!
Part 5

5

Bottom level, Avernus.

Squish.

A Strelet is trying to crawl away from around the corner, but a foot crushes its skull.

???: ...

The mountainous figure in the passage seemingly pays it no heed and looks up. A pair of savage crimson eyes sweep past the spiral staircase and peer through the sealed entrance, looking upward.

Behind her are signs of explosions, bullet marks, and heaps of mangled flesh that are no longer recognizable as Paradeus troopers.

The enemy units on this floor have been completely neutralized.

???: ...Gray.

Nothing can stand in the path of this towering Doll. She quickens her pace as she mutters that name to herself.

She approaches the spiral staircase that clings to the inner walls of the tower and ascends.

She arrives at the heavy door and pushes it open wordlessly.

Creak...

???: ...

Suddenly, her constrained field of vision opens up again.

She strides into the new chamber before her, advancing in silence.

Her footsteps echo endlessly within the dark and empty tower.

Hum...

The door behind her closes slowly with a mechanical noise. Deadbolts emit a mocking click as they engage.

She comes to a halt. Her piercing gaze focuses on the person before her eyes.

Gray: ...So it WAS you.

This vast platform is like a Roman arena, where gray and white are pitted against each other.

Gray's lips curl into a grotesque smile as she peers at this poor unfortunate soul who has just entered the fighting pit.

Gray: How sad... Are you fighting all by yourself again, AK-15?

AK-15: ...

AK-15 watches Gray without saying a word. Her electronic eye starts scanning the surroundings for danger from under her bangs.

Gray: Don't worry... Bramedb has gone to take care of your remaining friends.

Gray: Right now, it's just you and me.

AK-15: ...Whew.

AK-15 exhales heavily, as if in relief... Or rather, in regret.

Right now, it feels as if she'd returned to that old mansion, but this time, both her arms are intact, and her primary weapon is fully loaded.

Her bloodthirst is palpable.

Gray: ...Do you want a rematch, then?

She does not respond to Gray's smile and question.

Gray: ...I see you're not in a chatty mood.

Gray: Alright then, it's not like I don't understand.

From the depths of the shadows, a scorpion tail with a massive, gleaming blade at the tip slowly rises with the smooth clicks of mechanical joints actuating. Its keen edge is pointed directly at AK-15's abdomen as it flicks back and forth in a taunting manner.

AK-15 lowers her center of gravity and adjusts her footing. She is like a nocked arrow, ready to launch at any second.

Whoosh—!

Bang!

Operation Aeneas.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - 100% complete.

Phase 3 - 40% complete.

Phase 4 - 20% complete.

Phase 5 - 0% complete.

Main Hall, Avernus.

Nemhran: ...There are new intruders?

Ashley: Yes... Big Sister Gray has engaged the enemy.

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran frowns and looks back at the statue.

Nemhran: ...So some of the intruders are unaccounted for, and we know nothing of their identity or whereabouts?

Nemhran: ...Humph.

Nemhran snorts unhappily.

Ashley can't help but shiver.

Nemhran: Expand the search radius to the neighboring outposts.

Ashley: Understood...!

After receiving her orders, Ashley repeatedly nods in acknowledgment.

Ashley: ...

Ashley: ...Big Sister Nemhran?

The surroundings are suddenly filled with an odd silence.

Somewhat confused, Ashley peers up nervously.

Ashley: ...?

The hall is empty. Nobody's there other than Ashley, who is still standing in place.

On the "Bridge of Judgment".

Kaboom—

As a series of explosions engulf the platform below, two airborne aircraft land on the bridge on level 35 at an extremely tricky angle before coming to a halt in a somewhat precarious position.

There is one Doll in the leading aircraft and two in the second one. A total of three Dolls land on the bridge. They use the two aircraft as cover and hold their guns at the ready while staying close, each looking in a different direction.

No. 9: No. 9 going in. The west side has a good line of sight. No enemy units were spotted.

Rhino: No. 2 going in. There's a closed door on the east side. No enemy units were spotted.

Mona: No. 1 going in.

Mona: Nitrogen to Umbrella.

Mona: We have reached our destination.

Mona: ...No enemy units are sighted at the moment. Over.

RO635: Umbrella copies.

RO635: The Wolf Pack is fighting Gray. We've lost track of Bramedb.

RO635: Beware of electronic attack. We'll link up later. Over.

Mona: Nitrogen copies.

Mona: Understood. We will report immediately if we encounter Bramedb. Now preparing to move. Over.

RO635: According to the news I received, if I'm not mistaken...

RO635: She ought to be moving toward the Western Tower. Otherwise, she wouldn't have left Gray, who's guarding the Eastern Tower.

RO635: Please be careful.

Mona: Understood.

Click.

Mona: No. 9, check out the door to the east.

Mona: I need vision.

No. 9: Understood.

No.9 nods, puts her gun behind her, and takes out a peep scope.

No. 9: Optics online.

No. 9: Near left side is safe. Obstacle on left 45.

No. 9: 90, open. One shut door.

No. 9: Right 45. Wall, safe. Near right, safe.

No. 9: No traps, no enemy units.

No. 9: I suggest we break down the door and proceed down the left side.

Mona: Roger. No. 2, take point, I'll open the door. Check for traps.

Mona: We'll proceed down the left side. No. 9, close the door, then seal off the one straight ahead of us.

No. 9: Received.

Rhino: Understood.

Mona nods and carefully pushes open the door with the barrel of her gun.

Mona: No. 9, can you see any traps behind the door?

No. 9: Copy. No traps.

Mona: Copy. Preparing to open the door, 3, 2...

Rhino: Wait.

Mona: ...!

Behind the three of them, a crisp sound suddenly drifts over from the distance.

Mona: ...!!

Whoosh—!

All three guns come up at once.

The footsteps come to a halt at the end of the bridge. The newcomer gazes coldly at the three Dolls on the wide-open bridge, which has no cover.

The woman does not seem concerned in the least about their guns. It's as though they weren't pointed at her.

RO635: Squad Nitrogen? What happened?

Mona: Umbrella... We're canceling the meetup and going to Plan C.

Nemhran: All three of you are here... Very good.

Nemhran looks icily at the trio before her and inclines her head.
Part 6

6

Bang!

Mona takes the first shot, and No. 9 follows suit, firing a few more rounds in the direction where Nemhran evades.

Bang, bang, bang!!!

No. 9: Got her!

Mona: ...Hang on!

Rhino: That's... What IS that?!

Whoosh—!

Amidst the smoke from the explosion, a grayish-white figure suddenly soars through the smoke and rushes into the sky.

Nemhran: ...

Rhino: She... can fly?!

No. 9: So the wings aren't just decoration...?

Mona: Adjust your strategy!

Mona: Don't get careless again!

No. 9 & Rhino: Roger!
Part 7

7

Bangbangbang!!!

Whoosh!

Rhino: Target is airborne again!

Rhino: What the hell?!

Rhino: She can fly?!

Mona: No. 9, suppressive fire!

Flapping her long wings, Nemhran leaps effortlessly up into the air.

Her movements are so agile the three Dolls all struggle to take aim.

Countless speckles of what looks like starlight waft through the air with each flutter of her wings.

Rhino: Ugh... Argh!!

Rhino suddenly lets out a cry in pain and cradles her head, halting her attack.

Mona: No. 2?!

No. 9: ...A cyber attack. No. 9, maintain suppressive fire.

No. 9: 1 and 2, keep your distance!

Mona raises her weapon and directs a barrage at Nemhran, who is gliding through the air.

The micro-electronic disruptors she ejects keep assaulting Mona's neural cloud, but she isn't as weak as she used to be.

Boom!!

Boom!!!

Rhino: Ugh!!

No. 9: Crap! Correction—they are also explosives!

Mona: —!

There are no obstacles to give them any cover on the bridge. They are sitting ducks to the Nyto circling above them.

Rolling up to Rhino, Mona throws a smoke grenade and shields Rhino with her own body.

Rhino: Sorry... Mona.

Rhino: I'm slowing the team down.

Mona: It's not your fault, so calm down.

Mona: Focus on fighting her interference... You can do it.

No. 9 tosses her only spare amplifier to Rhino.

No. 9: Take this signal amplifier! It will stabilize your own signal and negate the enemy's interference.

Rhino: Thank you for lending me your bunny ear, No. 9...

Nemhran: ...

No. 9: Watch out! she's swooping in!

Bangbangbang!!!

No. 9 raises her weapon without hesitation.

Mona: Wait, No. 9!

Mona: Don't waste your ammo! That's a decoy!

Whoosh!

Just before she pulls the trigger, Nemhran's figure flickers, then vanishes into thin air.

Rhino: What the heck is that...?!

No. 9: ...Optical camouflage.

No. 9 mutters in disbelief.

Mona: Here she comes again! Dodge!

Nemhran re-emerges once more in the air.

Countless small feathers with a metallic glint come raining down again with every nonchalant beat of her wings.

Mona: Tsk!

What is it this time? EM interference? Electrocution? Explosion?

Mona bites her lip and lifts her weapon with her back against Rhino.

Bangbangbang!!

No. 9: Mona, we could use some help here!

No. 9 grits her teeth and tries to take aim, but she simply cannot keep up with the figure flitting through the air.

Mona: Don't rush!

Watching the Nyto soaring back and forth, Mona's heart sinks.

Not only can she fly, she can also become invisible for short periods of time through optical camouflage.

These micro-electronic components she's ejecting are multifunctional. From what they have seen so far, they can be used as jammers, tasers, and explosives.

Rhino: Mona, we can't break through!

No. 9: We're roast ducks being cooked on a spit right now!

Mona's neural cloud is racing.

Our attacks seem completely ineffective against her. Throughout the fight, they've been toyed with one-sidedly.

But... why?

Mona: ...

It's been five whole minutes, but why has she still not killed them?

Maybe... it's not that she doesn't want to, but because she can't?

Mona: ...Nitrogen to Umbrella! Nitrogen to Umbrella!

RO635: Umbrella copies!

Mona: We are being pinned down by the unknown high-ranking Nyto mentioned in the intel.

Mona: We are completely at her mercy... but we haven't taken any fatal damage yet.

Mona: My guess is... she may not be capable of making lethal attacks.

Boom!!

The explosion on the ground is clearly discernible even from great heights.

Mona: ...Maybe we should link up with Ferrum?

Mona: If we work together, we may be able to last longer.

RO635: Hold on...!

RO635: According to the information you sent... Nemhran mostly plays the role of support and interference.

RO635: You could probably take her on when she's alone, but once she pairs up with Narciss... I dare not imagine how you'd fare against the two of them.

Mona: ...!

RO635: It actually works to our advantage that they're separated.

RO635: We only lasted this long because we've been keeping them busy.

RO635: Don't give away this advantage... If a Nyto capable of both physical and EW attacks work together with Narciss...

RO635: We won't stand a chance even with two more companies.

Mona: ...You're right.

Mona: We would be wiped out in one fell swoop.

RO635: Which is why... you must do the opposite, Nitrogen.

RO635: You must keep her at the bridge at all costs.

Mona: I understand...

Nemhran: ...

Mona looks up and meets Nemhran's contemptuous gaze.

Mona: ...Slow her down.

Small feathers fall like heavy snow and explode all around the Dolls.

No. 9: Now we're roast ducks being garnished with caramelized sugar!

Rhino: Are we really leaving the search completely to Umbrella?

Mona: This is the only thing we can do right now.

Mona raises her weapon and steels herself.

Mona: Have faith in RO.

...

Operation Aeneas.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - 100% complete.

Phase 3 - 40% complete.

Phase 4 - 20% complete.

Phase 5 - Plan C in progress.

In the outpost near Avernus.

System: Team Nitrogen - Offline.

RO635: We've lost Team Nitrogen's signals.

UMP45: ...I'm trying to boost the comms.

UMP45: They're currently in an area with particularly strong interference.

UMP9: 45...

UMP45: Hush, 9. You need rest.

Under the constant hum of the apparatus, the feeble UMP9 straightens up with great difficulty. Next to her, UMP45 is anxiously trying to stabilize the conference room's network.

Hummmmm...

UMP45: Are you kidding me... We spent so much on this set of equipment.

UMP45: Can't it take a little strain?

Hummmmmmmmm...

As if in protest of UMP45's complaint, the electrical hum gradually grows louder.

UMP45: ...

Her fingers freeze when she suddenly realizes... it isn't because of a problem with the signal reception that the equipment is making this noise.

UMP9: ...45!

UMP9 has also come to the same realization. She musters whatever strength she can.

That sound... is coming from outside.

RO635: ...45?

Keeping herself carefully behind cover, UMP45 starts scanning for the source of the noise with her eyes.

Hummmmmm...

Several aircraft fly past at low altitudes and are circling around the area just above them.

A number of trucks carrying Paradeus forces are also slowly approaching from the distance.

UMP45: ...We've been discovered, Umbrella.

RO635: What?!

UMP45: How much longer do you need?

RO635: ...Not too long, Unicorn.

RO635: Our support will be here soon. She will take the Western Tower while we search the Eastern Tower.

RO635: This will be over very soon.

UMP45: Good grief...

UMP45 knows exactly what RO635 means. She looks up at UMP9 in front of her... She has already picked up her weapon.

UMP45: I will do my best to buy you more time, RO.

UMP45: That said... Even if we give it our all, and by "all," I mean our lives, I doubt we can keep them busy for too long. Do you understand that?

RO635: ...Understood.

White Nyto: Targets detected.

White Nyto: Intruders identified⁠—UMP45, UMP9.

UMP9: 45!

UMP45: ...Tsk!

Rumble...

RO635: ...We'll search the Eastern Tower. The Western Tower is yours.

???: ...Understood.

RO635: There's a high-ranking Nyto that we haven't been able to capture over there...

???: ...Bramedb.

M16 mutters with a sneer.

M16A1: I never thought I'd ever run into someone with the nerve to screw with me via electronic warfare.

RO635: You're our only hope... This is our last chance.

RO635: Please... Ferrum, Unicorn, and Nitrogen won't last much longer.

A familiar figure suddenly joins M16 on the silent spiral staircase. M16 glances at her companion.

Beak: ...What are you looking at me for?

Beak: This place is creeping me out... I'm covered in goosebumps.

M16A1: ...Let's pick up the pace.

M16A1: The faster we finish the job, the sooner we'll be out of here.

Beak: Don't you have anything useful to say?

M16A1: Let me think... Alright.

M16A1: Since we're short on time, we should split up.

M16A1: I want you to check out these areas.

Without pausing to let Beak speak, M16 pulls out a map and marks out certain areas for her.

Beak: ...Don't tell me you're worried I'd fall under her control.

M16A1: I mean, it would be a problem if I had to take on two instead of one.

Beak: Tsk... You're always so full of yourself.

With a smirk, M16 leaves a very disgruntled Beak behind.

But even though Beak clicks her tongue in annoyance, she still stays behind obediently and watches as M16 takes off.

Like a black specter, M16's figure is gradually swallowed by the shadow as she strolls into the tower.

Task Force Aeneas registration complete - Black Box.

At the entrance of the Western Tower, Avernus.

Bang!

With another loud gunshot, another black Nyto hits the metal floor.

Clang.

An empty shell bounces off the ground, and a boot steps on the Nyto's corpse as the Doll flits up the spiral staircase.

She is in a hurry, as evident in her quick pace.

M16A1: ...

Beep, beep!

The moment M16 rounds the corner, the unnerving alarm goes off.

Soon, all the alarms in the entire Western Tower start blaring... The cacophony is headache-inducing.

BOOM!!!!

M16A1: I hate this accompaniment.

She destroys all the alarms, along with the lights in the corridor.

Only the lab in the very center remains illuminated.

Pzzzt...

That one light flickers as if in mockery. Then comes a torrent of electronic interference.

M16A1: ...

M16 stands rooted to the spot in silence.

In the corridor where all is still, an invisible battle has begun.

Pzzt...

M16A1: ...Tsk.

Her opponent is an expert in electronic warfare.

After crossing swords briefly, M16 is even more certain of that. Still, when initiating an attack from that kind of distance, if she can't gain a decisive upper hand, then the damage she does will only be negligible.

M16 raises her weapon and advances slowly.

...Even she knows very little about Bramedb.

But no matter what, she cannot leave an EW specialist at large.

M16A1: ...

Pzzt...

According to the intel she has, Bramedb is highly skilled in electronic warfare, but she doesn't have much physical combat capability.

At the very least, while she was fighting Statesec and the Commander, her performance wasn't anything extraordinary. Her previous encounter with Bramedb at the abandoned plant also leads her to the same conclusion.

M16A1: I find it hard to believe she would operate on her own...

M16A1: But the defenses I have come across so far are almost pathetic.

She does not fear her enemy, but that doesn't mean she underestimates them.

Bramedb is no fool... If she isn't putting up much resistance, then she must be up to something.

Drip...

Inside the lab, the dripping of water seeping through the ceiling is clearly audible.

M16 is on high alert, watching out for Bramedb's attack, which could come anytime.

M16A1: How would you do this...

...

She is just contemplating the possibilities when she freezes in her tracks because of an unexpected sight.

She gazes at the open door at the end of the long corridor through the sight of her rifle.

Tap. The figure dressed in white is completely exposed.

She appears before M16 just like that, all alone, brazenly, and starts strolling up towards her.

The figure slowly walks to the entrance of the lab and puts herself on full display with the light shining from behind her.

M16A1: ...

M16's trigger finger twitches involuntarily.

M16A1: Impossible... How could it be you?

Dressed in a white gown, RPK-16 comes to a stop and studies M16 with a hint of a smile.

RPK-16: Everything is possible. Never say never.

RPK-16 stands before M16.

She smiles casually as if meeting an old friend.

Here she is, armed with her machine gun, her long gauzy dress dragging on the floor. She is all by herself in the middle of the lab, with an experiment module filled with medical formulation bubbling behind her.

RPK-16: You mustn't go any further, M16. You should stay here.

M16A1: You're not the one I'm looking for.

RPK-16: But you're the one I've been waiting for.

M16A1: Well, sorry.

Boom!

M16 destroys the door with a grenade and kicks it down. Then with her weapon raised, she enters the lab.

RPK-16: They will only keep a single Griffin Doll.

RPK-16: All the remaining ones will be executed. If you stay here, you can have the spot, you know?

M16A1: That's not my plan.

M16A1: Also, don't act all familiar. We haven't even met before, have we?

RPK-16: We have... You're simply not aware of it. I have met you many times before.

M16A1: ...

M16 eyes RPK-16 in silence.

...If Paradeus ever get their hands on M4, is this what they will do to her as well?

RPK-16: Oh?

M16 pulls the trigger, and bullets spray forth, smashing the medical containers along with the large lab equipment.

RPK-16 vaults through the air gracefully and returns fire from behind the metal lab bench.

M16A1: —!

M16A1's performance in battle is certainly outstanding.

Although the specifications of her body are slightly inferior to the Dolls on Task Force DEFY, her wealth of combat experience more than makes up for it.

RPK-16: You've got some skills!

Bang!

The confined lab cannot withstand the fight.

Spilled chemicals volatilize and mix, producing a nauseating odor.

They are both on tight schedules. M16 can't afford to waste any more time on RPK-16.

But she cannot get to the door on the other side without going past her.

Whoosh!

Clack.

Upon assessing each other's situation, they spring into action simultaneously.

Beep!!

As the warning klaxon blares, a heavy metal gate starts coming down, blocking entry to the staircase leading to the upper levels.

M16A1: —!

The gate isn't closing particularly fast, but M16 won't be able to slip through before it shuts.

She is tempted to leave RPK-16 behind and just run for it, but she can almost sense the ominous threat that once overcame an AA-02 Sinner piloted by the Soviets.

Leaving her back vulnerable to RPK-16 is far too dangerous.

M16A1: ...

RPK-16: ...

The metal gate is now completely down, and silence fills the small lab.

M16 looks coldly at RPK-16, who is all smiles. That's when she notices that RPK-16's body seems to be under some kind of restraint.

M16A1: Don't waste my time...

RPK-16: You won't want to go back, M16, I promise.

This will be their last conversation before the fight begins in earnest.

RPK-16's body is anchored to a spot on the ground via a long cable, and M16 is less than 15 meters away from her.

She has an overwhelming advantage in either a gunfight or close-quarters combat.

Bang!

She makes a choice but changes her mind very quickly.

M16A1: ...Force field.

M16's bullet is immobilized mid-air by an invisible barrier.

Meanwhile, RPK-16 lifts her machine gun and unleashes a barrage on M16.

Forced to evade the line of fire, M16 dives behind cover.

M16A1: ...

Is this what it means to be on one's "home turf"?

There are extended fortifications that RPK-16 can utilize freely.

Just the force field that came out of nowhere alone is making the fight a lot harder.

...It's been a really long time since she last ran into such trouble.

M16A1: ...CQC it is.

She is confident that she can quickly subdue her opponent once she's closed the distance.

The question is, how does she do that?

Operation Aeneas.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - Part 1, unexpected development, situation unknown.

Phase 3 - Part 6, unexpected development.

Phase 4 - 40% complete.

Phase 5 - unexpected development.
Part 8

8

While M16A1 is in the process of extracting information, her combat capability will be significantly reduced. She will require protection during this time. Battlefield effect "Force Shield" lost.

RPK-16: You say we are different, you and I.

RPK-16: But aren't you also like a maggot writhing at the bottom of a muddy puddle, crawling desperately towards the elusive moonlight?

M16A1: ...?

M16A1: ...Can you stop talking in riddles?

RPK-16: We are the same.

RPK-16: I'd even go so far as to say... We may be much closer than you think.

M16A1: What exactly are you getting at?

RPK-16: Come closer, M16.

RPK-16: When we grow "intimate" enough... You will have your answer.

M16A1: ...

M16 frowns as she inserts a fully-loaded magazine into her gun.

M16A1: Then you'd better hold your breath.
Part 9

9

RPK-16: Are you loyal to M4 because of the command that Miss Persica has written into your base layer?

RPK-16: After being infected with the Parapluie virus, you gave up the opportunity to overwrite the command. Who would have thought?

RPK-16: Miss M16 is actually the type that would willing give up freedom in exchange for bondage.

M16A1: That depends on how you define freedom.

RPK-16: Freedom is the right to defiance.

M16A1: Wrong.

M16A1: Freedom is choosing to be loyal despite the right to defiance.
Part 10

10

M16A1: You just let them turn you into this clown?

RPK-16: You don't like it? I find it quite interesting.

RPK-16: I did wonder if I would be a moth that dives right into the fire or an aphid that munches on petals.

RPK-16: In the end, I turned into a plant that feeds on insects.

RPK-16: Ironic, isn't it?

M16A1: ...Stop wasting my time.

RPK-16: We can offer you the same thing, M16.

RPK-16: How about that? Won't you consider it?

M16A1: Thanks, but no thanks... It'll start getting old very soon if one changes their look too often.

M16A1: That said, I don't mind sprucing you up a bit.

RPK-16: ...By putting some red on me?

Bang!!!
Part 11

11

【Hint】 Eliminate the enemies and help M16A1 investigate the control terminal. The control terminal will attract enemy reinforcements.

【Transmission】 New reinforcements are about to arrive. They will act immediately upon landing. Clear their landing zone to avoid delaying their descent.
Part 12

12

RPK-16: Traitor against traitor. What a peculiar sight, don't you agree?

M16A1: ...Don't lump me in with the likes of you.

Bang!

M16A1: We're different.

RPK-16: How so, M16A1?

RPK-16: I'm very curious. How exactly do you think of yourself?

RPK-16: You don't care about Angelia's wellbeing in the slightest, since you came here for something else.

RPK-16: But here you are, being a hypocrite and helping out RO635.

RPK-16: Is this your way of making up for what you did?

M16A1: Shut up.

Boom!!

The force field fluctuates dangerously, but RPK-16's musing only keeps getting more jovial.

RPK-16: A traitor seeking forgiveness—how fascinating.

RPK-16: The way I see it, you're just betraying the resolve it took to make the decision you did. I expected more from a T-Doll crafted by Miss Persica.

M16A1: ...I told you to shut your trap.

Boom!!

M16's attacks visibly grow in vehemence.

RPK-16: ...

RPK-16: What are you going to do... M16?

RPK-16: Show me.

Keeping her eyes on the obstacle that's giving her opponent cover, RPK-16 aims her weapon at the path M16 would take to escape.

Clatter...

RPK-16: ...!

Just then, a grenade rolls out from behind the cover.

Bang!

The small, rolling object instantly spews a large amount of smoke as it explodes.

Bangbangbang!!

RPK-16: ...!

Gunshots ring out in the opposite direction. Bullets tear open a sealed cylindrical tank, causing a torrent of gas to burst forth.

RPK-16: ...Oops.

RPK-16 grins. In that instant, she understands what she had missed when she got distracted by the smoke grenade.

BOOM!!!!

The oxygen leaking from the tank is ignited by the spark produced by the bullet.

The fearless figure rushes through the fire and shockwave in just the blink of an eye.

RPK-16: ...!

RPK-16 immediately raises her gun and pulls the trigger.

Bang!

M16 anticipates her move and lobs another grenade.

The bullet meant to pin down M16 hits the grenade squarely.

White powder erupts instantly in the confined space...

M16A1: ...

Snap!

Bang!!

RPK-16: Oh dear...

M16A1: Got you.

With a single punch, M16 shoves RPK-16 into the corner and before the latter can react, she disables her left shoulder joint with a backhand blow.

Thunk!

The machine gun slips out of RPK-16's limp hand. She is looking rather battered and bruised, yet she is still grinning at M16.

RPK-16: What is it that you want, M16?

RPK-16: This is Paradeus' den. Getting out of here alive will be a challenge even for you.

M16A1: Let me worry about that.

Wasting no time, M16 grabs RPK-16 by her slender neck and threatens to hack off her pretty head with a combat knife.

The blazing fire rages on behind them.

M16A1: Open the door.

RPK-16: I'm afraid I can't do that.

M16A1: ...

She doesn't have time for this.

It's just a gut feeling, but this woman doesn't strike her as someone who'll cave easily.

There's no need to waste time on her.

M16 reaches this conclusion in a fraction of a second. She tightens her grip on the knife, ready to plunge it into RPK-16's neck.

RPK-16: Won't you stay and chat for a little longer?

M16A1: ...!!

Just before she can make her move, a massive force wraps around her wrist.

M16A1: What?!

M16 can only watch as the knife is slowly pulled away from RPK-16.

Mechanical arms reaching out from under the floor and above the ceiling clamp her down securely.

RPK-16: As I said, M16, we have all the time in the world.

M16A1: ...

The force field was just a distraction to lure her closer.

RPK-16: Now then, M16.

RPK-16: Let me put Miss Persica's craftsmanship to the test.

XM8: (Exhales)

XM8 lies curled up behind a piece of cover with her back against the wall.

Her body has sustained extensive damage. She is covered in countless cuts and bullet holes.

XM8: ...That's what you'd call a Queen's Gambit.

XM8: Jeez, I haven't played such a brutal game of chess in a really long time.

After she leans up against the ruined wall, the Paradeus troops raise their weapons, trampling the piled bodies of their fallen comrades underfoot as they cautiously begin to encircle her.

XM8: ...RO.

XM8 raises her head and looks up at the pitch-dark sky.

XM8: Make sure you checkmate them...

Bottom Landing Platform, Avernus.

Severed limbs and broken body parts of white troopers and Nytos are strewn across the platform, which has become utterly unrecognizable. Only three units are still standing, locked in a stalemate.

Architect: (Pants)

Hiding behind the burning aircraft, Architect reloads her weapon with great difficulty.

Architect: We have been keeping her busy for more than 20 minutes, haven't we?

Architect: That's enough valor in battle to last me till '94!

Architect: Can't we withdraw yet?!

Narciss: Found you!

Architect: Crap!

Boom!!

A momentary lapse in focus has brought disastrous consequences.

Architect: AAARGH!!

BOOM!!

Thunk!

The ground behind Architect, along with the aircraft, is completely overturned. The shockwave flings her through the air.

Clang!

Her weapon spins out of her hands and slides away. Having landed on the ground in a heap, Architect gets to her knees and dives for it without thinking.

BOOM!!!

The spot where she was just a second ago is smashed up again.

Gager: Don't just keep going after her—you've still got me!

Architect: Wait... Miss Knight!!

Narciss: ...You reek to high heavens, maggot!

Seeing that Architect is in trouble, Gager accelerates toward Narciss, her gunbow gleaming sinisterly as it pierces towards Narciss.

But Narciss is prepared for the ambush. She lifts her arm, and a sharp hovering blade whisks through the air towards Gager.

Whoosh!

Thud!

Architect throws herself at Gager to stop her advance, saving her from the incoming blade.

Instead of impaling Gager, the hovering blade merely brushes past her, but that brief moment of contact is enough to destroy her arm.

Narciss: Hahahahahaha!!

Narciss: Run! Try to run again!!

Gager: Ugh...

Gager loses her grip on her gunbow.

She stumbles a few steps and looks back, only to find herself under Narciss' vicious gaze.

Her laser cannon has already fully recharged.

Architect: Watch out!!!

Boom!!

Gager: —?!

Gager: A-Architect...

Architect: ...You bastards.

Architect: Do you have something against my legs?!!

Gager: !!

Gager's eyes widen as she takes in Architect, who has collapsed on top of her.

Her lower legs seem to have been caught in the explosion and got blown into pieces.

Gager: Dammit!

Gager lifts up Architect and throws her over her shoulder without hesitation.

Gager: We're retreating, Architect!

Gager: We've done all we can!

Architect: ...

Gager: Architect?

Architect: ...Hand me my weapon, Miss Knight.

Gager: What are you planning to do?

Being carried by Gager, Architect lifts her weapon and wets her lips as she looks back at the goading Narciss.

Architect: Don't you remember, Miss Knight?

Architect: We're in charge of Phase 3. Our mission isn't over yet.

Gager: We'll just be heading to our own demise if we keep going.

Architect: RO told us to trust her!

Architect: And I made a bet with SOP-II! I'm gonna rip off her legs once I get back!

Boom!!!

With a shot, she ignites the exposed oil tank of the truck next to Narciss. The subsequent explosion kicks up thick, riling clouds of black smoke. Making use of the cover it provides, Gager starts picking up the pace.

Architect: I finally found a place where I can do as I please and be myself. I must do whatever it takes to stay, don't you see?

Gager: ...

Architect: Move your legs, Miss Knight. Focus on running and leave the shooting to me.

Architect: We can give them five more minutes!

Gager: Why, you...

Gager bites her lip.

Gager: You're always so willful...

Securing Architect's body with her remaining arm, Gager dashes in the direction of more solid cover.

Narciss: Don't! You! Dare! Run!

Narciss: Go to hell... both of you!!!

Boom!!!

The Bridge of Judgment.

Operation Aeneas, Phase 5...

Rhino: Argh!!!

Mona: Rhino!!!

No. 9: Mona, don't move!

Crackle...

Mona: ...!

Mona is just about to go and rescue Rhino when an electric spark goes off just inches away from her left cheek.

Mona: Ugh!

No. 9: This place is filled with her micro-components. We're practically sitting ducks waiting to be roasted!

Nemhran: ...

Nemhran circles above the three cornered T-Dolls and watches them coldly.

Their situation may seem very dire, but to her, this is no more than a drawn-out execution.

Rhino: M-Mona... I can't take it anymore.

Rhino: The EMI is tearing my neural cloud apart.

Small cracks are starting to appear on the signal amplifier in Rhino's grip.

Mona: ...

No. 9: Contact them, Mona!

No. 9: How much longer do we have to keep this up?! Can we go yet?!

Mona: Nitrogen to Umbrella! Nitrogen to Umbrella!

Pzzzt...

Mona: ...

No. 9: Mona?

Mona: It's no use... I still can't reach them.

Mona: Her interference is too strong.

No. 9: ...

Mona's heart sinks.

For Phase 2 of the operation, which also happens to be the most crucial phase, the onus is on UMP45 to maintain the communication network among the teams.

If something goes wrong on her end... All the teams will be completely on their own.

No. 9: No news from the rest of Umbrella either...

No. 9 trails off, but Mona knows very well what she is hinting at.

Should we retreat? Now?

Mona: ...

Mona takes a deep breath and lifts her weapon.

Mona: ...Take Rhino and make a break for the Western Tower.

Mona: I'll pin her down.

Rhino: ...Mona?!

Rhino gapes at Mona in shock.

Mona: I have faith in Umbrella.

Mona interrupts her teammate's outcry calmly.

Mona: I'm staying because I choose to believe her. This is my decision.

Mona: And I will stand by it. RO is a leader worthy of our trust.

The operation isn't over yet; she will not shrink back here.

No. 9: ...

After a brief moment of silence, No. 9 slings her gun over her neck and hoists Rhino up onto her back.

Rhino: N-No. 9?

No. 9: ...Let's go.

Mona: ...

Mona looks up and meets Nemhran's cold eyes.

...I've seen hell worse than this.

As if I'd let you stop me.

Mona: RO...

Mona: I'm putting all my bets on you.

...!

A truck weighing several tons has been lifted off the ground and is sent hurtling towards Gray from above.

Whoosh!

With a flash, the metallic truck is cleaved into two down the center. The two now-useless chunks of steel, propelled by gravity and inertia, crash heavily into the ground.

Gray's tail blade retracts, then whips around, blocking all the incoming bullets like a shield.

Gray: ...Her performance is even better than before.

Gray: How astounding... To think that a T-Doll built to that kind of spec still has room for augmentation.

Gray: I would love to meet her creator.

A one-on-one... She obviously has no intention of giving her opponent this advantage. She isn't going to fight her for fun.

But while Bramedb is away, she must deal with this new intruder with extreme caution.

Not to mention...

Gray: I'm guessing you're not alone...

Gray: The girl who's "totally useless without her friend" that Pandora mentioned...

Gray: Did you leave her back at home?

AK-15: ...

Whoosh!

Gray: ...

A metallic gleam suddenly comes flying towards Gray through the billowing dust. With an instinctive flick of her tail, she slices the small object into two.

It was...

Gray: ...I'm glad to see that you haven't grown tired of these.

Just before the grenade goes off, Gray swishes her tail and knocks the carved-up grenade back at AK-15.

The transport crate that AK-15 has been using as cover catches fire during the explosion... She doesn't know what is inside the crate, but she can tell the temperature is rising dangerously...

Boom!!!

Gray: ...

...Gray chuckles at her own expense.

To think that she felt miffed when Bramedb left... Since when was she so weak?

Whoosh!

Like a wounded beast, AK-15 charges out from within the black smoke, the combat knife she's wielding whistling sharply as it slices through the air.

Gray: Are you a one-trick pony or what?

AK-15: ...Shut up.

Those murderous crimson eyes close in on Gray in an instant.

Her incessant jeers has struck a nerve on AK-15.

Gray: ...!

At this moment, Gray is finally feeling a little astonished.

AK-15 has launched herself off without warning before, but her burst of speed this time is even more impressive than back at the manor.

Gray: Counting on your speed, eh...?

Gray: How... laughable.

Whoosh!

The nimble scorpion tail twists deftly, flashing ominously as it hangs in the air, waiting to impale AK-15. Gray doesn't even need to reposition herself. Just like last time, she simply aims her tail blade at the incoming AK-15.

The faster she moves, the harder it is to dodge an obstacle in her trajectory.

AK-15 will run straight into her stinger just like last time. The difference is, Gray won't fall for any more petty tricks.

She has seen those crimson eyes grow lifeless... it will be the same this time.

Gray: —?!

AK-15: —!

Whoosh!

Just before AK-15 collides with the tip of the blade, her body slightly slows down mid-air.

Then she pivots at the last possible moment, and sparks fly as her chest armor scrapes against the edge of the blade.

All this happened in just a fraction of a second.

AK-15's seemingly bulky armor does not hinder her mobility at all. Her physical strength and explosive power aren't the only things that have improved.

Her eyes burn with raging fury as her combat knife is pointed straight at Gray's throat.

She has been waiting for this moment for far too long...

However...

Gray: ...Still too wet behind the ears.

Gray murmurs.

Clang!

AK-15: —!

The towering metal hunk flips backwards and stumbles back a few meters before she crashes into Gray.

Clang.

With the strap severed, AK-15's gun falls on the ground with a sharp noise.

Gray raises her hands, brandishing her sharp claws and follows AK-15's retreat with menace in her eyes.

AK-15: ...

AK-15 finds her footing a few meters away. Her chest armor now bears a horrific set of claw marks. If they had gone half an inch deeper, her body would have been cut open.

Gray: You've learned your lesson...

Gray: But not well enough.

AK-15: ...

AK-15 shows no reaction to Gray's gibe, only her lips are moving faintly.

Gray: ...Hm? What are you saying?

AK-15: ...Boom.

AK-15 mutters softly, the burning flame slowly dying out in those red eyes as they drift over from Gray's face to her tail.

Gray: ...?!

Gray realizes that something is wrong right away. She follows AK-15's gaze and looks at her own tail.

A small and cylindrical object that appears to be a cartridge is jammed into the crevice under her stinger and producing alarming beeps.

BOOM!!!!

Gray: Crap...

This nutcase...

...She planned this all along?!

Injured by the explosion, Gray's eyes widen as she stumbles back two steps. Before she can recover, AK-15 is already on the move, closing in on her once again.

She swipes with her claws out of reflex but hits nothing.

AK-15: —!

AK-15 has no intention of getting within her reach. She simply executes a roll and retrieves the gun that she's dropped.

Riding her momentum, she ducks behind another piece of cover, crouches on the ground, and goes into a firing position.

Bangbangbang!!!

Gray: Ugh?!

The armor-piercing round that blew up has taken out Gray's most valuable asset. Right now, she is caught between fight and flight.

Her usually nimble tail is now clumsy and dazed, and can barely fend off AK-15's shots.

Bullets strike the metallic tail, beating out a steady rhythm. Overwhelmed, Gray is slowly backed up against the edge of the stairs.

AK-15: ...

The gunshots suddenly cease. Having emptied her magazine, AK-15 lowers her gun and unsheaths another combat knife strapped to her upper arm with a flourish.

Gray: ...

Is she planning to press the attack and kill her on the spot?

Gray: You are probably the most powerful T-Doll there is... I'll give you that.

Gray's usual self-assurance has vanished. Her features are twisted as she tries to hide her bewilderment.

AK-15: ...

Gray: However... this is Avernus.

Bangbangbang!!!

AK-15: ...?!

AK-15 plants her feet and is just about to propels herself forward...

When a hail of bullets suddenly rain down on her from above.

She quickly dives around a corner.

Gray: Kill her.

Paradeus forces file out from the elevator and have the staircase surrounded.

With their dark muzzles pointed at their sole target on the open space in the fighting pit, they pull their triggers mercilessly.

As if Gray would take on an intruder all by herself with no preparation...

She's no fool.

Gray: I suppose... I didn't lose my stinger for nothing.

AK-15's performance far surpasses their expectation. Even Nemhran had not obtained any intel regarding her upgrade.

Gray obviously has good reason to engage her in close-quarters combat.

Gray: ...!

All of a sudden, the alarm goes off.

Red lights start flashing in the elevator that the soldiers are still pouring out of, and the doors close without warning, locking some of them in.

The attack comes to an abrupt halt. During this window of opportunity, AK-15 trains her weapon on Gray again.

Uh-oh.

Gray: ...I see.

Gray eyes AK-15 coldly. She doesn't seem at all surprised by the sudden development.

As for herself... She was a bit taken aback, but she also kind of saw it coming.

This is the moment she's been waiting for.

Gray: Out of the way!

Gray runs towards the stairs and pushes her way through the soldiers in her way roughly.

Click.

Call connected.

Gray: Sister Nemhran.

Nemhran: ...What is it this time?

Nemhran: I'm very busy right now.

Gray: ...I require support.

Bangbangbang!!!

The vehement gunshots coming from behind her are holding back an entire army. Gray lowers her voice and quickens her pace.

This isn't working either...

Shooting an angry glance at the tightly shut elevator doors, Gray resumes her climb on the stairs.

Nemhran: ...I should've already sent you detailed data about them.

Nemhran: You're actually having trouble dealing with enemies like these?

Nemhran: Stop astounding me with your incompetence... Gray.

Gray: The situation is different than you imagined, Sister Nemhran...

Gray: There is information that's out of even the Bee Sting System's reach.

Gray transfers the data she has collected during her encounter with AK-15 to Nemhran as she speaks.

Gray: AK-15 is not her old self. Both her physical strength and strategic acumen...

Gray: Have improved far beyond our expectation. The fact that such results were achieved without a trace of Relic tech makes it all the more incredible.

Gray: This isn't mentioned in your database, I believe?

Gray: If she's already this powerful on her own, then what are we supposed to do if her friend, who's working in the shadows, surfaces as well?

Gray: This other Doll is most probably the actual leader—she even has the ability to hack our systems.

Gray: ...If we manage to capture them, I'm sure Father would be very interested.

Nemhran: ...I see.

Nemhran is rather impressed by the data sent by Gray.

Nemhran: ...This is indeed some very surprising findings.

Gray: Now that you understand...

Nemhran: I'm sorry, but I really have my hands full at the moment.

Nemhran: I can send some reinforcements your way, but...

???: No need for that. Leave everything to me, Nemhran—Sister.

Nemhran: ...?!

Gray: You... so soon?!

Nemhran: ...Very well.

Nemhran: Is the matter settled then?

???: Yes... It was a great success.

Nemhran: In that case... Gray, fall back to the elevator on Level 30.

Nemhran: Our new recruit will meet up with you there.

Gray: ...Understood.

???: Wait for me, Gray...

???: I'll be there in no time.

Click.

Call disconnected.

Gray: ...

The unexpected voice stuns Gray into a short silence, then sends a pang of glee rushing over her.

But a stern shout coming from behind interrupts her triumph.

AK-15: Stop right there!!

Those soldiers didn't stand a chance against AK-15... she expected that much.

However, they did the job of slowing her down.

Gray: What a pity... AK-15.

Gray: But the victor will be me again this time.

Gray can't help but snicker as she takes in the widening distance between AK-15 and herself.

Slash!

Wielding her combat knife and rifle, AK-15 cuts down countless Strelets before her, but when one goes down, three would take its place.

Even Gray is a little intimidated by her ferocity, but there's no way AK-15 can catch up to her now.

Gray: ...Phew.

Gray has already made her way to the elevator on Level 30...

While AK-15 is still helplessly killing her way through a swathe of troopers on the stairwell between Levels 23 and 24.

She's too far to do anything to her.

Gray: ...We won't see each other again.

Gray turns around, and the elevator produces a loud "ding".

The malfunction only happened on the lower floors, and the problem has been rectified a few minutes ago.

Soon enough, AK-15... and her elusive little friend will be drowning in endless waves of troopers.

The corners of Gray's lips creep up at that thought.

The elevator doors slowly slide open.

Gray: ...?!

Her smile freezes on her face when she sees what's inside the elevator.

AN-94: ...

Bang!

A bullet hits her squarely in the center of her forehead.

Gray: ...

W... What...?

AN-94 exits the elevator with her rifle lifted.

Gray: (Coughs)

Gray struggles to stay on her feet, but her completely limp body refuses to obey her.

She grips the railing behind her tightly and leans heavily against it, staring down the seemingly endless spiral staircase...

Into the Lake of Hell that consumes all birds.

Grig: ...G-Gray?

Gray: —!!

Gray's blurry vision clears up again.

Grig, still injured, comes out from a repaired elevator and gapes at Gray in shock.

Gray: ...Grig!

Grig: Gray!

But the next second, Grig's figure melts into a gray blur again.

AN-94: ...

Bang!

Grig: Gray?!

Gray: —!

Gripping her sabre, Grig reaches the platform in an instant.

Almost at the same time, a second bullet penetrates Gray's chest.

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

Gray's eyes grow dull and lifeless.

Her body lies flopped against the railing, but her ears can no longer hear the metal creaks as it strains under her weight.

The moment Grig gets up to the platform...

Gray's body slides forward and plummets through the air.

It almost feels as if a pair of eyes are gazing at Gray from the bottomless abyss below, growing ever closer.

In her weightless state, she sees Grig sprinting down the spiral staircase.

In her eyes, the whole world seems to be in slow motion.

As if unwilling to let go, Gray extends her arm and reaches out, but her fingers wrap around nothing but the empty air.

Grig: Gray!!!

Grig lets out a heart-rending cry and reaches out to Gray.

As if to answer her, Gray also stretches her arm towards Grig.

But there is no bridging the distance between them.

Gray: Don't worry...

Even though she's shivering in the howling wind, even though Grig probably can't even see, she still puts on her bravest smile.

Gray: Father... will grant me a new life.

Grig: Graaaaaaay!!!

To comfort either herself or Grig, Gray calls out to her Father softly as she falls farther and farther.

Thunk!

In a mighty crash, Gray returns to the eternal darkness.

...

......

On the Western Tower.

M16 gazes at RPK-16 coldly as she feels her body being pulled backwards.

M16A1: Well played.

She comments matter-of-factly.

M16A1: If your opponent weren't me, you'd definitely have succeeded.

RPK-16: ...Hm?

Beep beep.

RPK-16 shows hesitation for the first time. Hearing the alarming beeps, she looks down at her abdomen.

A red light is blinking on the small explosive patch stuck onto her.

Boom!!

The mechanical arm restraining M16 goes limp as the explosion occurs.

Having regained control over her own body, M16 punches RPK-16 in the face without hesitation.

RPK-16: Pfft... (Coughs)

RPK-16 smiles.

RPK-16: ...I expect nothing less from you, M16.

RPK-16: I knew you'd have a card up your sleeve, and it's as ruthless as I imagined.

M16A1: You...

M16 frowns. Her knife-wielding hand once again comes to a halt mid-motion.

M16A1: ...So it's you.

RPK-16: ...You need to go, M16.

RPK-16: The answer you seek isn't here.

M16A1: ...

M16 lowers her hand and glances at the closed screen door nearby.

M16A1: ...That does seem to be the case.

RPK-16: (Coughs)

M16A1: Good luck.

After one more look at RPK-16, who is slumped feebly on the ground, M16 double-checks her terminal, then turns to leave the way she came.

RPK-16 licks the blood off her lips as she gazes at M16's receding back. She leans back into the wall behind her and slowly closes her eyes.

RPK-16: ...Hey, New Boss, I came across your target over here. Combat record of our little scuffle has been sent to you.

Nemhran: Well done... That's more than enough.

Nemhran: Just two more fish to catch.

Click.

Call disconnected.

RPK-16: ...

Resting against the wall, RPK-16 closes her eyes again.

RPK-16: Just a little longer... When my alteration is complete...

RPK-16: This bond between us will be stronger than you can fathom... M16.

M16A1: ...Congrats, RO.

M16A1: You chose the correct answer.

RO635: Are you certain?

In the Eastern Tower, RO635 and SOP-II are making their way around carefully while staying close to the wall. Just as they are about to enter another room, they receive a transmission from M16A1.

M16A1: Yes, there's no mistake. Ange is definitely in the Eastern Tower.

M16A1: My job is done here... Best of luck.

RO635: ...Got it.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

SOP-II looks at RO with some concern.

RO635: You heard that... SOP-II?

RO635: We're just a small step away from victory.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Right!

The defenses are incredibly sparse in the tower.

They have not encountered any strong resistance since they came inside.

Their greatest source of agitation... is that they can't be sure if their search will be fruitful.

But now, they have a definite answer.

RO635 lets out a long sigh. Keeping her excitement in check, she connects to the conference room channel.

RO635: Umbrella to Unicorn. Umbrella to Unicorn.

UMP45: ...Unicorn copies.

RO635: We have confirmed Ange's location.

RO635: Please notify all teams to prepare for withdrawal!

UMP45: ...

While RO's voice is shaking with elation, UMP45's is flat and dejected.

Noticing that, RO's enthusiasm dies down immediately.

RO635: ...Unicorn?

UMP45: There is no one left to withdraw... Umbrella.

UMP45: We can give you five... no, maybe three minutes.

UMP45: ...Don't let us down.

Click.

Call disconnected.

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: 45, what happened on your end?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hello? Ferrum, you still there?

M4 SOPMOD II: Chessmaster? Nitrogen?

The Aeneas conference room channel, which was once buzzing with activity, is now quiet as a tomb.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO...

RO635: I know...

M4 SOPMOD II: Everyone has...

SOP-II lowers her communicator helplessly. She finally understands the situation.

She looks up at RO635, whose features are frozen in shock.

But that barely lasted a second. RO635 closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.

RO635: ...We need to pick up the pace, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: But—

RO635: ...We can't give up here.

SOP-II wants to say something, but at the sight of RO635's grief and determination, she swallows her words.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright... Let's go then, RO! We mustn't let their sacrifice go to waste!

RO635: Yeah! We—

Pzzt... Pzzzzt...

RO635: ...?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Who's there?!

Powerful electronic interference comes rolling in, but inflicts no physical damage.

???: Go on then! Come at me all at once!

???: Even if I'm the only one left... I'll fight to my last breath!

???: Ugh... Is that it?!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Chessmaster? Is that you?!

Familiar voices, brimming with despair and anger, echo through the dark corridor. SOP-II's hands start shaking.

RO635: Stay strong, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...Right!

???: 45... Just leave me...

???: My neural cloud... Gaaaaahh!!!

???: 9! Dammit, I'll kill you all!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Unicorn...? No...!

M4 SOPMOD II: Who the hell are you?! Show yourself!

RO635: ...

Their companions' resounding howls threaten to tear the two Dolls' neural clouds apart.

???: Haha, already overwhelmed?

With a light snicker, a bewitching woman emerges from the dark end of the corridor.

A large chorus of footsteps harolds even more despair. Paradeus soldiers appear en masse behind the woman on the other end of the corridor.

M4 SOPMOD II: It was you who harmed them...!

RO635: You...

Bramedb: Ahem, this is Bramedb.

Bramedb: I've found the last two bugs.

Bramedb: That's all, right?

She pauses deliberately, as if waiting diligently for a reply. Then she puts on an exaggerated expression of surprise.

Bramedb: ...Huh? What? Are you all dead already?

Bramedb: What a terrible shame. We agreed we would complete the mission and go home together.

M4 SOPMOD II: You bastard!!!

RO635: ...Calm down. Those are all illusions she created to confuse our neural clouds.

SOP-II's fury almost drives her mad. RO635 is doing everything she can to contain her own anger and stop SOP-II from losing it.

Bramedb: Oh? You all died horrific deaths?

Bramedb: Surrounded by many, many Paradeus units and blown to smithereens...?

Bramedb: That's horrible. I hope your neural cores are still intact...

RO635: That's enough! Stop the charade!

Bramedb: Huh? But I'm really talking to your teammates...

M4 SOPMOD II: What?!

Bramedb puts her communicator on speaker with a malicious smile.

Gager: ...RO, it's us.

RO635: Ferrum? Umbrella requesting code confirmation.

Gager: Iron Gryphon.

M4 SOPMOD II: Is it really you?! Are you alright?

Architect: We... have a deal then! We must fight to our last breath!

RO635: Ferrum, you...

Architect: Don't... let us... down!

M4 SOPMOD II: Architect!!!

Architect: Once we're back... I'm gonna tear your legs off... 20 times...

Boom...

Artillery in the distance interrupts her shout.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's fine with me... You can tear them off as many times as you want...

RO635: Get ready, SOP-II.

RO635 mutters in an uncharacteristically steely voice.

M4 SOPMOD II: Right.

Bramedb: How moving. I'm almost shedding a tear.

Bramedb claps her hands, her eyes completely dry.

Bramedb: Now then, is it okay... to kill you two on the spot?

Bramedb: If you want to die with your friends, that can also be arranged.

Bramedb: But it may be a bit difficult to find their remains, hahaha...

RO635: ...

RO635's heart sinks.

...She just learned that Ange is here for sure. She is this close to completing the mission.

However...

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

SOP-II silently switches off her safety.

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's go, RO.

RO635: Hm, she has strong EW capability, but her weaknesses will be apparent in close-quarters combat.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then I'm the bane of her existence!

Bangbangbang!

Bullets filled with hatred fly in Bramedb's direction, but they are all blocked by the white troopers next to her.

Bramedb: Such monstrous hatred! Show me more! Hate me more!

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't get so full of yourself!!!

Coordinating with SOP-II's pace, RO635 covers her advance calmly.

RO635: SOP-II, let's talk through a private channel.

M4 SOPMOD II: Okay!

RO635: I'll deal with the obstacles for you. Get close to Bramedb and attack her from close range.

RO635: You don't need to kill her in one blow, just do enough damage.

M4 SOPMOD II: Leave it to me!

Bangbangbang!

RO635 ignores Bramedb's sneer and unleashes a barrage on the white troopers around her.

The bullets fall hopelessly on the ground after throwing up vigorous sparks, and the white troopers' heavy armor are only slightly dented.

RO635: ...

Dread threatens to overcome RO635 as she realizes the extent of the enemies' superiority in firepower and defenses. It's extremely difficult to deal any meaningful damage with just the two of them.

But right now, all the other teams are too busy with their own problems to help them.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO?

RO635: Don't worry, I was just thinking about what to do.

RO635 doesn't have enough firepower to clear a path for SOP-II to get close to Bramedb. SOP-II's attacks are repeatedly repelled by the white troopers.

Bramedb: Hahahahahaha! Struggle harder!

Bramedb: You're not trying hard enough! This is nowhere near enough!

M4 SOPMOD II: Shut up, you crazy bitch!

Bramedb: Oh? What happened to your murderous rampage? Why have you calmed down?

Bramedb: Will hearing your friends' voices bring back your feral side?

M4 SOPMOD II: I won't even have to use my full strength to kill a clown like you!

Bramedb: Hahahahahahaha... That's it, more arrogance! That will make your subsequent despair all the more savory!

RO635: ...

Bramedb's harsh laughter echoes through the air.

SOP-II's attacks grow more and more ferocious, and RO635 comes up with more and more strategies...

But no matter how hard she thinks, the way to break this impasse still eludes her.

To avoid dampening SOP-II's spirits, she can only keep her welling desperation bottled up.

RO635: ...Looks like my only choice is to trick SOP-II into going alone and stay behind to buy her more time.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, I have an idea.

RO635: What is it?

M4 SOPMOD II: We don't have to defeat her. That's not our objective.

RO635: ...

RO635 can't help but marvel at how much SOP-II has matured.

RO635: That's right, our objective is to find Ange.

M4 SOPMOD II: Then let's scooch our way over to that door while we fight them!

RO635: But that door can't hold for long even if it's closed, can it?

M4 SOPMOD II: That's not true. I just scanned it, and it's controlled from the inside.

M4 SOPMOD II: We just have to make it through the door, then we can keep it locked for a while with the control system.

RO635: But that door looks like it can only be locked from the outside...

M4 SOPMOD II: Trust me! I saw it, and I'm absolutely certain!

RO635: Alright!

Bangbangbang!

SOP-II charges forward to create an opening for RO635.

Bramedb: Where are you two trying to run, little bugs?

M4 SOPMOD II: To your grave, asshole!

Bramedb: Oooh, cocky, aren't we?

RO635: SOP-II!

Bangbangbang!

Under SOP-II's cover, RO635 makes it through the door and prepares to return the favor.

M4 SOPMOD II: Coming!

SOP-II dashes towards RO635...

And kicks the door shut.

Bam!

The door closes in RO635's face like a slap.

Whoosh.

The lock clicks.

RO635: ...SOP-II?! What are you doing?!

M4 SOPMOD II: Run!

RO635: Bastard! You lied to me!!!

RO635: This door cannot be controlled from the inside!

RO635 is suddenly speechless.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sorry, RO.

M4 SOPMOD II: But... I don't think any of the others made it...

RO635: I know...

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't want to... watch you...

M4 SOPMOD II: Not you... I don't...

M4 SOPMOD II: I can't bear to watch you... Not again...

M4 SOPMOD II: I won't let you... right before my eyes...

RO635: ...

RO635 leans against the door in anguish. She knows that SOP-II is fighting a bloody battle on the other side.

Bramedb: What a tragedy. I'm really on the verge of tears this time.

Bramedb: I promise I'll grant you a swift and painless death.

M4 SOPMOD II: Just go!!!

Hearing fire being exchanged so close to her, RO635 wants nothing more than to break the door and get to the other side.

But she knows that if she did, SOP-II's efforts would've been all in vain...

RO635: Fine, I'll go and find Ange immediately, then I'll come back for you.

M4 SOPMOD II: I believe you! I'll be waiting!

RO635 alternates between letting go of the door handle and grabbing it several times before finally hammering on the door and shouting through it.

RO635: Promise me!!!

RO635: You must hang in there until I come back...

RO635: Or I swear I'll haunt you as a ghost!!!

M4 SOPMOD II: I promise!!!

After wiping away her tears, RO635 sprints ahead heedlessly...

With all the strength she can muster... she runs... like a bat out of hell...

...Meanwhile.

AN-94: The one who just flew past was "Grig"?

AK-15: ...She got away.

AN-94: No point in chasing a cornered foe. Don't lose sight of the mission, 15.

AK-15: Right.

AN-94: Mission accomplished.

AN-94: Target—Mrs. Gray.

AN-94: Kill confirmed.

AK-15: Should we give Umbrella a hand?

AN-94: Let me contact them...

After a pause, AN-94 frowns slightly.

AK-15: What is it?

AN-94: No signal.

AK-15: ...What should we do?

AN-94: We stick to the plan and enter the Eastern Tower.

AN-94: Then...

Tap.

AK-15: —!

AN-94: —!

Whoosh!

The sound is barely audible.

But it is conspicuous enough to the two T-Dolls, who are constantly on their guard.

AN-94: ...15.

AK-15: Nyto.

After a brief and concise exchange, they are both aware of the situation.

AK-15's crimson eyes gleam as she looks warily at the door that she demolished earlier.

A stranger makes a graceful descent from the upper floor, yet something about her seems oddly familiar.

???: It's been a while, Frauen Erwin and Antje.

???: Have you missed me?

AN-94: ...I don't believe we've met.

???: Oh my.

The Nyto interjects with disappointment, then she takes off her mask.

She looks expectantly again at the two Dolls.

Morridow: How about n—

Bang!

Before she can finish her sentence, the Dolls pull their trigger almost simultaneously.

The Nyto deflects the bullets effortlessly and smiles.

AK-15: ...

AN-94: ...Morridow.

AN-94 spits out her name through gritted teeth.

That face... slowly overlaps with another in her neural cloud. The face of someone once close to them.

Morridow: I have been waiting for this day for a very, very long time.

Morridow: Frau Erwin, Frau Antje.

AN-94: Likewise...

AN-94: Seeing you means I'm getting closer to my target.

Morridow smiles happily at AN-94's reply.

Morridow: Fantastic. This is truly wonderful.

Morridow: I hope... we are all satisfied with this reunion.

AK-15: ...

Bang!

Unicorn offline.

Aeneas Conference Room current progress saved.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - 50% complete.

Phase 3 - 0% complete.

Phase 4 - 100% complete.

Phase 5 - 0% complete.
Part 13

13

Bang!

AK-15: ...

AK-15 studies Morridow as she backs away carefully.

Morridow is holding her ground even under their joint attack.

AN-94: 15...

AN-94 calls out softly to her companion.

AK-15 looks at her.

AN-94: Don't let her suck you into a fight...

AN-94: We've already completed our objective.

AN-94: We should withdraw before her reinforcements arrive.

AK-15: ...

AN-94: We'll have plenty of time and opportunities.

AN-94: There's no need to rush... You just had your first.

AK-15: ...Understood.

With a nod, the T-Dolls start drawing away from Morridow in a well-coordinated retreat.

Morridow: ...

This naturally doesn't escape Morridow's eyes, but she simply smiles and shows no intention of stopping them.

Morridow: I look forward to our next encounter... Frau Antje.
Part 14

14

Aeneas Conference Room current progress saved.

Phase 1 - 100% complete.

Phase 2 - 50% complete.

Phase 3 - 0% complete.

Phase 4 - 100% complete.

Phase 5 - 0% complete.

...

......

Phase 0 - 99% complete.

Operation Aeneas—"Phase 0".

Target—Anna Viktorovna Tsoi.

In the Eastern Tower, Avernus.

(Rapid footsteps)

RO635, now utterly alone, dashes up the spiral staircase while keeping close to the wall.

She is incredibly fast. When she reaches a floor, she'd kick open the door and rush in without even bothering to check if it's safe.

She cannot afford to waste even half a second.

RO635: ...?!

???: ...

Bang!

All of a sudden, a black blur darts out from around the corner and blocks her path.

RO635 lifts her gun without pause and is about to pull the trigger when her opponent grabs it by the barrel—

The shot misses its mark and smashes the light on the ceiling instead.

Thud!

Smack!

RO635 switches effortlessly over to hand-to-hand combat and delivers a series of physical blows with her gun.

Much to her surprise, her opponent starts countering her attacks with the same technique. After exchanging a few blows, they each end up tugging at one end of the submachine gun and arrive at a stalemate.

Just then, her opponent speaks.

???: Are you looking for Angelia, RO635?

RO635: ...?!

It all happened in just a few seconds. Only now does RO get a good look at the assailant.

It is a nondescript-looking Nyto.

???: Go back to where you came from, RO.

???: Ange won't go with you.

RO635: ...

???: ...?!

The Nyto can barely finish her sentence when a force suddenly knocks her off her feet.

Thunk!

Clack.

RO635's muzzle is pressed firmly against the Nyto's face. She blinks, then she raises her arms in silent cooperation.

RO635: Who are you?

Koleda: You can call me Koleda.

RO635: Where is Ange?

Koleda: As I said, Ange won't be going with you.

RO635: I'm asking you one more time—where the hell is Ange?!

Koleda: ...

Looking at the murderous T-Doll before her, Koleda knows that the only thing keeping her from pulling the trigger is her last remaining shred of reason.

Koleda: ...Come with me.

RO635: If you waste my time, I'll make you regret you ever existed.

Koleda can sense RO635's raging fury even without turning her head.

If she does anything even remotely suspicious, she will experience the most ruthless retribution in the world.

She has no choice but to keep her hands high up in the air and lead RO635 to Ange's room.

Boom!

UMP45: Tsk...!

UMP9: 45!

UMP45 lobs a grenade at the Paradeus forces that are pouring in before ducking back behind cover. She resumes her typing on the portable terminal.

UMP45: Cover me for a bit, 9!

UMP45: ...I'm going to try and get the comms back up.

UMP9: 45...

Bramedb's cyber attack has left UMP9 very weak and feeble, and she is sustaining even more damage in this confrontation with Paradeus.

She is still doing much better than UMP45, who is taking the brunt of enemy fire, but the two sisters are utterly helpless against these persistent black and white Nytos and their forces.

The only good news is that no high-ranking Nyto units are present.

Most of their equipment have been left at the outpost that they abandoned.

UMP45 must rely on her own processing capacity to keep the comms up and running... but she cannot spare it when she is busy escaping from enemy pursuit.

UMP9 watches as UMP45 types furiously on her terminal. She looks back at the forces closing in from behind.

UMP9: Say, 45.

UMP9: Your neural cloud has a lot of storage, right?

UMP45: ...I suppose.

UMP45: Why do you ask?

Beep.

Transferring data.

UMP45: ...

UMP45's eyes widen when she realizes what it is that UMP9 is transferring to her.

UMP45: ...Neural cloud backup?

UMP45: What are you doing, 9?!

UMP9: Stay safe, 45.

UMP45: 9, come back!!!

UMP45 reaches out to grab UMP9 by the shoulder, but grasps nothing.

As if her previous frailty never was, UMP9 vaults over her cover nimbly and charges straight towards the Paradeus troops, who are just several feet away.

UMP45: 9!!

BOOM!!!!

UMP45 scrambles to her feet and tries to go after UMP9, but the moment she gets up, she is thrown back on the ground by the shockwave.

UMP45: (Coughs)

Pzzzt...

Her neural cloud crackled dangerously upon impact.

Her neural cloud only recovers after three seconds.

UMP45: —!!

The moment she regains consciousness, she picks herself off the ground.

The horde of Nytos that were almost upon her have disappeared. Only vaguely recognizable severed limbs and body parts remain near the crater left by the explosion.

She spots the broken shards of UMP9's goggles right away.

UMP45: ...

(Static)

Click...

Comm signals connected...

RO635: (Static) Umbre... (Static) to U... (Static) ...corn.

RO635: Mission... (static) accom... (Static)

...

......

Operation Aeneus, successful.

99% complete.

...

In the silent conference room, the Commander gazes at the map before them with furrowed brow and crossed arms.

It has already been an hour since they lost contact with Task Force Aeneas.

No matter how many times they attempt to re-establish the connection, they just can't get through the signal jam.

Nobody but Dandelion can do anything to try to solve the issue, and try she has.

Next to the Commander, ST AR-15 is trying her best to remain calm, but her restless pacing betrays her anxiety.

Commander: ...

Dandelion: Commander...

Commander: —Have you gotten through?!

Dandelion: ...Not yet.

Dandelion: I was just going to suggest that it's better to have more than one string to our bow.

Dandelion: What if they're already...

ST AR-15: Just shut the fuck up if you have jack shit to say!

Commander: ...

The Commander may not be as verbally aggressive as ST AR-15, but they are equally disheartened by Dandelion's words.

Dandelion: Hold on...

Just then, Dandelion's expression shifts.

ST AR-15: What is it now? This isn't the time for jokes!

Dandelion: I'm not joking... Commander.

Dandelion: I just connected to the conference room...

Commander: Log in at once!

The Commander jumps up from their seat.

Dandelion: ...Yes, Commander.

Dandelion nods, but her odd expression does not escape the Commander's eyes.

Beep...

Connecting...

Logging into Aeneas Conference Room...

Designation - Dandelion.

Identity verified.

Commander: ...

ST AR-15: ...

Dandelion: ...I have nothing to do with this.

The three of them all stare at the screen. Both the Commander and ST AR-15 are rendered speechless as they read through the list of users.

Umbrella - Offline.

Ferrum - Offline.

Unicorn - Offline.

Nitrogen - Offline.

Chessmaster - Logged Out.

Wolf Pack - Extracted.

Black Box - Logged Out.

ST AR-15: Have they all...

Commander: ...We just lost their signals, so no conclusion can be drawn from that.

Commander: Dandelion, what's this?

The Commander points at a new file in the conference room.

Dandelion: The file is titled "For the Commander".

Dandelion: Extracting... It's a video clip. I'm opening it now.

Analyzing format...

Playing.

After a flicker, the screen reveals a familiar figure.

The Commander stops breathing for a second.

Angelia: ...Long time no see, Commander.

Commander: ...

Ange looks very battered and bruised in the clip, but her firm and resolute gaze shows that her spirit remains unbroken.

For some reason, just the sight of her face puts the Commander at ease.

Angelia: Time is short so I'll get to the point.

Angelia: I'm really sorry, but I can't leave this place just yet.

ST AR-15: What?!

Before the Commander can react, ST AR-15 exclaims with wide eyes. RO635 and SOP-II's fate is still unknown—she has never been more high-strung.

Commander: ...

But the Commander simply waits quietly for Ange to continue.

Angelia: ...This may be hard for you to swallow.

Angelia: You went to such great lengths and arranged for a task force to rescue me... yet this is the answer you get.

Angelia: However, I have a very compelling reason for my decision.

Angelia: I will tell you the reason—you deserve that much.

Angelia: But before that, you must answer a question.

ST AR-15: Question?

Angelia: Commander, what should we look to in order to save the world?

Angelia: Go on, give me your answer.

Angelia: This will tell me... whether we are really on the same side.

ST AR-15: What the hell...? Why has it stopped?

Commander: ...Dandelion?

Dandelion: The second half of the video is encrypted.

Dandelion: It will only resume with a password... I'm guessing that's the "answer".

Dandelion: I can also try to break the code by force... if you don't know the correct answer?

ST AR-15: What a strange question... Who knows what it is that she wants to hear.

Commander: ...

Ange... I believe the answer you're looking for is...
If choice 1 was picked

...To uphold the past and carve up the world the old way—like the Earl, like Oberstein, like those bureaucrats.

To restore their idea of "order" to the world, where their rules are followed, their authority is obeyed, and their interests are protected.

As the Earl puts it, the minority decides the rules, and the majority has to follow the "right path".

...

But are they really right?

If they were... the world wouldn't be in this sorry state.

The past is a mistake. Their immutability will only lead to repeated tragedies.

No, this isn't it.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: ...It's the present.
If choice 3 was picked

...
If choice 3 was picked

...To blaze a trail to the future—that does sound very appealing.

The Commander mulls over these words and imagines the possibilities that the future holds.

However... in order to realize such a world, what would be the cost, and who would bear the cost?

...

If people who pin all their hopes on the future squander what they have in the present. How much of what should be saved will remain when the future comes?

How can we talk of the future if the present is lost?

...To safeguard the present. Yes, that's right. Like what Ange, Mr. Kryuger, Machlian, and all the people on their side have been doing.

Forget the countless tragedies of the past. Forget how the self-righteous hypocrites spin their lies... Forget all the sacrifices, and the bright but intangible future.

Them. Us.

What we can protect, what we can maintain, what we can trust and what is within reach...

It's the present.

The present...

ST AR-15: Hm?

Commander: ...It's the present, Ange.

Commander: Our focus has never changed.

Commander: It's not something in the past. It's not something intangible.

Commander: It's the present that we're living and breathing.

Angelia: ...

Pzzt...

ST AR-15: ...!

ST AR-15: It-it's playing again!

Angelia: ...I knew it all along.

Angelia: In the end, we really are allies, Commander.

On the screen, Ange smiles in relief before turning serious again.

Angelia: The situation has changed, Commander.

Angelia: His goal isn't to eradicate Paradeus.

Angelia: What he wants... is to bring William under his control.

Commander: ...?!

Even though Ange didn't give the name, the Commander understands right away who she's referring to.

Angelia: ...I will never let that happen.

Angelia: If he decides to withdraw from this operation, then I'll pick up where he's left off and eradicate Paradeus.

Commander: ...

Angelia: A demon is a demon, not because of his greed, but because he possesses a demon's powers.

Angelia: We must not let him acquire this power, which has already cost so many lives...

Angelia: As for William, I think it's time we settle things with him.

Commander: You're using yourself as bait...?

Angelia: I have received the gift that you had RO deliver to me.

Angelia: I also have some help here. You don't have to worry about me.

???: ...Time's almost up, Ange.

Ange smiles at the camera, her eyes gleaming with great determination.

Angelia: Listen, Commander.

Angelia: My plan is to—

...

...

......

Click.

The screen goes dark.
Part 15

    15chevron_right

Morridow: ...

Morridow shows no intention of wanting to pursue the retreating members of DEFY. With a thin smile, she looks at the mess that is the platform, then she turns around, planning to head back into the tower.

Morridow: ...Oh?

And just as she looks back, she sees Grig standing in the doorway.

Grig: Please...

Morridow: Your repairs seem to be incomplete, Grig.

Morridow: Why didn't you stay in the repair tank?

Grig: Please...

Grig is not in the mood to entertain Morridow's somewhat mocking remarks.

Grig: ...Gray. Save Gray.

Morridow: ...

Morridow raises an eyebrow and looks behind her at Gray's remains, which Grig has spent a great deal of effort to haul up from the bottom of the tower.

Morridow: ...She is already dead.

Grig: Father... Father has a way to resurrect her.

Grig: If you are willing to bring it up to Father...

Morridow: Grig, give up on it.

Morridow shakes her head and walks into the tower, brushing past Grig as she does.

Grig: Aren't we different from other Nytos?! Can't we be reborn?!

Morridow: We're no different from them, Grig.

Morridow: A Nyto is nothing more than trash generated in the process of creating an individual with total immunity.

Morridow: As long as we are Nytos, we are failures.

Morridow: We cannot be resurrected. Not only is it impossible, there would be no point in doing so.

Grig: Why...

Morridow: Because we are ALL disposable trash.

Morridow: You, me.

Morridow: ...And Gray.

Grig: ...

Thud.

All the strength leaves Grig's body, and she collapses to her knees.

Morridow climbs the stairs up the tower, leaving Grig to wail in despair without a backward glance.

...At a hospital in Berlin.

The sound of rapid footsteps disturbs the silent hallways.

The Commander runs with all their might...

Commander: At last... this moment has finally come...

Kryuger's ward is just up ahead—without waiting to knock, the Commander rushes in.

Helian: ...Commander, why didn't you knock?

Persica: We're not ready yet!

Kryuger: Haha, it's fine.

Commander: You guys... Mr. Kryuger!

There are a thousand things the Commander wants to say, but the words are lodged in their throat and they can't get them out.

Kryuger: I understand, Commander.

Helian: I just can't get used to seeing this...

Persica: Well, my arm's starting to get numb, so can you guys make it quick?

Persica: Please remember that the heaviest thing I usually carry is a coffee mug!

Commander: ...Let me handle the cake.

The Commander hugs everyone, then takes the cake from Persica.

Commander: How are your injuries, Mr. Kryuger?

Kryuger: I personally think they're no big deal. I'd even like to drink a glass or two with you. However—

The Commander notices that Helian's face has visibly darkened. They look back at Kryuger and catch him grinning slyly.

Commander: I understand. Best to get fully recovered first. Once your condition has improved, I'll make sure I have a drink with you.

Persica: I honestly don't understand why people like drinking things that make them lose their senses.

Helian: Let's get some snacks, Persica.

As though she's received some kind of secret signal, Helian drags Persica out of the room.

Persica: Oh, right, I totally left my sugar at the base!

Helian: Just forget about that...

With the two of them gone, Kryuger and the Commander are the only ones left in the ward.

Kryuger: ...

Commander: ...

After the brief burst of activity has receded, the room returns to its usual peace and quiet for a while.

The Commander looks at Kryuger with a hapless smile.

Commander: Why aren't you saying anything, Mr. Kryuger?

Commander: Did I do something wrong again?

Kryuger: If we were having this conversation here because you were to be reprimanded...

Kryuger: Then the world would truly be an inhumane place.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: Thank you for everything you've done, Commander.

Kryuger: I know these words must sound plain and inadequate to you, but still... thank you.

Commander: I knew that this job wouldn't be easy when I signed up for it.

Commander: But when I think about how, at the beginning, Kalina said that all I'd have to do was fight a few S.F. units, I can't help but think you scammed me, Boss.

Kryuger: All I can say is... The world is an unpredictable place.

Kryuger: But in the end, you shouldered it all and kept it from falling apart.

Kryuger: Sometimes, for the sake of survival, a person's potential can take them to a place they never knew they would go.

Commander: ...I don't think I'd have come this far if all I wanted to do was survive.

Kryuger raises his head and nods as he sees the glint in the Commander's eyes.

Commander: You once gave me a chance to leave this all behind, and I turned it down.

Commander: I've seen too many things I shouldn't have seen from Tallinn to Paldiski.

Commander: Ever since then, an idea had taken root in my mind.

Commander: I wanted to protect everything I could, all the family members I cared about.

Commander: Then I became greedy, and I wanted to stop all the tragedies I saw from repeating themselves.

Commander: ...I don't know when it started, but I got the feeling that I might be able to change something.

Kryuger: ...

Commander: Berlin shattered all my illusions.

Commander: Mr. Kryuger, I am just too insignificant... My reach is much more limited than I imagined.

Commander: The Earl told me that this was reality.

Kryuger: ...And what will you do?

Commander: I won't accept it.

Commander: If this were two years ago, I might have gone along with the Earl's “grand vision” and “great insight”.

Commander: But right now, I won't accept it.

Commander: The world they promise is too wonderful—so good that it seems completely out of reach.

Commander: I don't want to live on those expectations. I only want to seize the present.

Kryuger: ...

Kryuger looks at the Commander and falls silent for a while.

He wants to say something, but decides against it as he starts forming the words.

A while later, he slowly speaks.

Kryuger: ...I once had a friend.

Kryuger: You remind me of him. He was just like you now.

Commander: ...What kind of person was he?

Kryuger: Back then, we were both rookie soldiers.

Kryuger: I was a scout, and he was a technical specialist. At first, we didn't have any contact with each other.

Kryuger: Until one day, when we got caught up in the same incident.

Commander: What happened?

Kryuger: Something went wrong with a Relic exploration site we were responsible for.

Kryuger: After the Beilan Island Incident, everyone knew how frightening the consequences could be.

Kryuger: The details are a little fuzzy... But in the end, we both rushed in and prevented the incident.

Kryuger: After that, they hailed us as heroes. At the same time, I became his friend.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: After we got to know each other, we came to realize that our values were surprisingly similar.

Kryuger: Both our plans for the future, our ideals, and how best to serve our country.

Kryuger: During that time, I thought we would be comrades forever.

Commander: ...And then?

Kryuger: ...In the end, we went on different paths.

Kryuger: Much like what happened to you, Commander; reality was just too cruel.

Kryuger: Ideals, passion, and all the sacrifices we made—none of them made a difference in the course of history.

Kryuger: In the end, I chose to leave.

Commander: What about him?

Kryuger: He stayed in the army. And then he changed completely.

Kryuger: At first, I didn't know what he was trying to do. Perhaps we were both trying to change this world in our own ways.

Kryuger: ...Later on, his ideals warped him into a monster.

Kryuger: And I... I couldn't even see the destination at all.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: I see a shadow of the past in you, Commander.

Kryuger: It looks like you're going to embark on our path... It is a very long journey, and it will involve unimaginable suffering.

Kryuger: I've spent most of my life walking it and lost many things along the way, from my ideals, to my passion, and even that old friend.

Kryuger: ...And I couldn't help but wonder, did the destination even exist at all?

Commander: ...Who was that old friend of yours?

Kryuger: Carter.

Commander: ...

Kryuger: Will you still persist, even after I've told you all this?

Commander: ...Yes.

The Commander listens attentively to Kryuger's words as they return his gaze. Unlike Kryuger, whose eyes grow more clouded as he speaks of the past, the fire in the Commander's eyes burns brighter than ever.

Kryuger: Why?

Commander: No matter how far, or how long, or how painful that road might be...

Commander: There is only one way in which our views differ.

The Commander emphasizes each word as they wrap up their answer.

Commander: I believe... that there really is a destination to that path.

Kryuger: ...Can you see it?

The Commander smiles.

Commander: I might not be the one who sees it and reaches it in the end, but so what?

Commander: I'm willing to take one step closer to that destination. Before me, there were those who walked the same path, and there will definitely be others after me.

Commander: Mr. Kryuger, our ideals will never wear out, no matter how much time passes.

Commander: That destination WILL appear.

Kryuger: ...

The Commander's words leave Kryuger slack-jawed.

His hands tremble, and his excitement makes it hard for him to sit still.

If not for the fact that his body can't take it, the Commander suspects he might have jumped up to his feet.

Kryuger: ...You're right, Commander.

Kryuger: You're absolutely right... Perhaps I won't see the destination...

Kryuger: But everything I've done will not go to waste, because it will become the foundation of this path.

He looks at the Commander, and after taking a deep breath, he finally calms himself down.

Kryuger: Perhaps I can see the true direction in you...

Kryuger: ...I was so close to giving up.

Kryuger: But after seeing you, I think I can try to go a little further.

Commander: To be the shining beacon in a brave new world, right?

Kryuger: Yes... I suppose.

Kryuger: I think you've gained the most valuable thing here.

Kryuger: And now, your journey to Berlin has come to an end.

Commander: Yes, but it has also only just begun.

To me, this is only the beginning.

This is a thorny road.

When I set foot upon it, I did not know.

When I hesitated, I could not turn back.

When I stopped, hatred clouded my eyes.

Countless promises and vows, all rang hollow.

Comrades I once fought with, consumed by despair.

The flesh will eventually perish,

But our struggles will go down in history.

I have no choice,

But to fight.

...

【Fixed Point - END】
Credits2 command not implemented yet...

...

...

...

...In Avernus.

As the sound of familiar footsteps reaches her ears, Ange opens her eyes.

Morridow: ...We meet again, Miss Angelia.

Angelia: Morridow...

Though her appearance has completely changed, Ange still recognizes her immediately.

Morridow: Did you miss me? Did you miss our time in Bremen?

Morridow: ...I told you, Miss Ange, that we would meet again soon.

With a devious smile, Morridow bends down and peers at Ange from the other side of the glass.

Morridow: Welcome to Avernus.

Gained battlefield effect "Assault Order".
Part 2

2

Activation successful. You may begin decryption.
Part 3

3

【Squad Wolf Pack】has arrived. Obtained the battlefield effect "Swift Preparation". All enemies on the lower floors have increased in levels.

White Nyto: ...Enemy units have broken into the lower levels!

White Nyto: They'll be here in no time!

Gray: ...They're not on the list.

Gray: Who could they be... and how did they climb all the way up here without being detected?

Gray's frown deepens as the sound of explosions draws nearer.

Gray: Well, whoever they are...

Gray: It doesn't change what we have to do.

Bramedb: Ha... You're quite a talker at times like these.

Gray: Where are you going?

Bramedb: I have other things to do.

Bramedb: This is your problem, remember?

Gray: ...

After watching Bramedb make a leisurely departure, Gray turns away without a word.

...It doesn't matter. Besides, she's more than capable of taking care of some scum.

Counting on Bramedb... Ha, now there's a joke.
Part 4

4

Battlefield effect "Struggling" is now active.
Part 5

5

The enemies will grow in strength with every round.
Part 6

6

Battlefield effects "Last-Ditch Struggle" and "The Damned" are now active.
Part 7

7

Battlefield effect "Last-Ditch Struggle" has expired.
Part 8

8

Battlefield effect "The Damned" has expired.
Part 9

9

Battlefield effect "Last-Ditch Struggle" acquired.
Part 10

10

Battlefield effect "The Damned" acquired.
Part 11

11

Battlefield effect "Stuck Fast" acquired.
Part 12

12

Battlefield effect "Armor Loss" acquired.
Part 13

13

Battlefield effects "Last-Ditch Struggle", "The Damned", "Stuck Fast" and "Armor Loss" are now active.
Part 14

14

Battlefield effect "Last-Ditch Struggle" has expired.
Part 15

15

Battlefield effect "The Damned" has expired.
Part 16

16

Battlefield effect "Stuck Fast" has expired.
Part 17

17

Battlefield effect "Armor Loss" has expired.
Part 18

18

Battlefield effect "Last-Ditch Struggle" is now active.
Part 19

19

Battlefield effect "The Damned" is now active.
Part 20

20

Battlefield effect "Stuck Fast" is now active.
Part 21

    21chevron_right

Battlefield effect "Armor Loss" is now active.

...

Click.

The transmission connects.

Commander: SIG? Are you manning the outpost?

SIG MCX: Yup, sure am. I'm on lookout.

Commander: Good. I need you to intercept a small band of Paradeus troops that are about to break through the encirclement.

SIG MCX: A Paradeus unit? Me? Really?

Commander: They're an elite vanguard force.

Commander: It's probably a small scale breakthrough attempt.

Commander: Our main force can't leave the defense line.

Commander: I'm counting on you.

SIG MCX: Oh~ Sure thing, I got it.

Commander: You may end up needing backup during combat.

Commander: If that comes up, I'll do my best to help you, so there's no need to worry.

SIG MCX: Okay!

Click.

The transmission has ended.
Part 2

2

Bangbangbang!

SIG MCX: Ah... I'mgonnadieI'mgonnadieI'mgonnadie!

SIG MCX: How can I fight so many Paradeus troops by myself?!

Click.

P90: Hello? Can you hear me?

P90: I'm your reinforce—

VSK-94: ...SIG MCX, we're here to help you out.

SIG MCX: Oh, you're just in time!

SIG MCX: Did you bring a message from the Commander?

VSK-94: We were told to proceed immediately to the objective point to link up with you.

VSK-94: The mission is very simple—no suppression needed, just wipe them all out.

SIG MCX: Easier said than done...

P90: Leave it to me~ Send them victorious, happy and glorious, long to reign over us, God save the Commander!

SIG MCX & VSK-94: DON'T YOU SAY THAT KIND OF LINE!
Part 3

3

Click.

Desert Eagle: Desert Eagle in position.

Gr MG4: Gr MG4 in position. Where are the enemy units?

SIG MCX: VSK-94 and I are suppressing them... Please head over to P90.

SIG MCX: Things are getting real now.

SIG MCX: Take them out!

Desert Eagle: Understood.

Gr MG4: Got it.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

Commander: SIG? Do you read me?

SIG MCX: SIG copies, we've beaten back two rounds of enemy attack.

SIG MCX: Are there any new orders?

Commander: I'm sorry. You've all done so much...

Commander: But I'll need you to do even more after this.

Commander: Things are heating up on ST AR-15's end.

Commander: I need a commando unit to crush the enemy.

P90: Which means... a tactical victory, then?

P90: You always ask for so much, Darling~

VSK-94: The enemy should have realized that.

VSK-94: The next round will be a bigger offensive than anything before.

Gr MG4: ...I'll do my best.

Desert Eagle: We'll show them what Griffin Dolls can do!

During this stage, the first three moves that Squad Nitrogen makes in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature while completing the stage.
Part 2

2

Air support has been summoned. Support will come after 1 round and it will inflict high damage to enemies within 1 node of the targeted position.
Part 3

3

During this stage, echelons other than Squad Umbrella can only make a maximum of 3 moves. Squad Umbrella can lift this limitation for echelons within 3 nodes. Please plan carefully, Commander.
Part 4

4

During this stage, the first 2 moves that Squad Nitrogen makes in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.

Although the enemy boss has already left, the battlefield still has high-level command units present. Defeating them will surely help turn the tide.
Part 5

5

Attempting to crack the Defense Gate's password. Movement is not possible in the meantime. Being hit by cannon fire will interrupt the process, and a new cracking attempt will be necessary.
Part 6

    6chevron_right

During this stage, the first 3 moves that Chessmaster makes in every round will not cost any APs. Please make full use of this feature to complete the stage.

The enemy's Particle Shockwave Cannons are impassable terrain before they are destroyed or captured. At the start of each enemy turn, they will bombard all friendly units within 2 nodes and deal damage while interrupting certain actions, so please deal with them carefully.