...In the train's command room.

Kalina: We've finished decelerating and our scans in each direction are complete. No enemy signals detected.

Kalina: Commander, per your request we've stopped 5 km from the quarantine wall.

Kalina: Are you sure you want to stop here?

Commander: Yes...because this is a choke point. To the north is Lahepere Bay and Lake Klooga is due south.

Commander: We'll only need to defend a 2.5km front.

Kalina: Perhaps...we could move a little closer to the quarantine wall?

Commander: No.

Commander: If we get any closer to the base, the defense systems might open fire on us.

Kalina: Urgh... But didn't Task Force DEFY just send us a message saying they had the passage under control?

Commander: What if it's an enemy trap?

Commander: Can we really trust strangers who claim to be from DEFY?

Kalina: Ugh... You're right.

Commander: Treat everyone and everything as potentially hostile until we've verified the situation.

Commander: Calibrate the train's cannons as planned, keep them charged and loaded.

Commander: After that, disperse the echelons to the front, left and right of the train and begin erecting cover where the terrain is favorable. Place the HOCs in the middle of the formation to ensure they can cover the whole of the defense line.

Commander: Finally, give all echelons full supplies of ammunition.

Kalina: Understood.

Kalina: Are we preparing to intercept the Military here?

Commander: I'm simply waiting for orders. Surely you don't think that those old folks are planning to have us take a strategic naval base by ourselves, Kalin?

Kalina: What do you mean?

An urgent message comes over the communicator.

Commander: I'm talking about this.

Havier: Commander, it seems you've arrived at Paldiski.

Commander: Yes, having paid a very high price.

Havier: So, are you ready to begin the operation?

Commander: Before we start, can you tell me the truth?

Havier: Oh? I seem to recall clearly outlining your goals to you before.

Commander: The events in Tallinn, the strange allocation of the Military's forces, and the signs of abnormal movements from S.F., none of them sound like the sort of thing a PMC should be handling.

Havier: Indeed. Still, Griffin should have become used to handling such things long ago, am I right?

Commander: If you only need us to serve as cannon fodder, then why don't we stop here and block the Military while Statesec's forces handle things in the base?

Havier: You mean those "Vympel" troops that only know how to look at the scenery?

Havier: Hahaha, that old rogue told you too much. Sometimes, knowing too much isn't a good thing.

Havier: However, I like the way you ponder everything deeply.

Commander: My Dolls have been unable to perform real-time backups ever since we left Griffin-controlled territory.

Commander: And unlike T-dolls, the human employees of Griffin and my logistics officer don't even have the chance to back up at all.

Commander: Even if Griffin is moved around on the board like a chess piece, I can't let them go to their deaths without knowing the reason for it.

Havier: Of course, of course. I wouldn't need you if it was just a matter of collecting some abandoned inventory from an abandoned base, Commander.

Havier: As a reward, I'll tell you something else.

Havier: Strategic bombers from the 22nd Guards Heavy Bomber Aviation Division have taken off from Engels Air Force Base. If anything happens, they'll bomb the base flat.

Commander: What?

Havier: It's time to close the net, and the moment when we lay all our cards on the table is at hand.

Commander: So we're the bait that's going to lure the Military units into the kill zone?

Havier: No no no, I'm guessing the bigwigs in Moscow don't really want to drop the bombs. After all, that base has something in it that's far more valuable than a few rogue battalions.

Commander: The Pike Node?

Commander: ...Is this related to the Butterfly Incident?

Havier: Very smart. I'm pretty sure Ange's told you a lot too.

Havier: This operation is the denouement to the Butterfly Incident, for Statesec, for the Military, and of course, for "William."

Commander: William...

Havier: However, it isn't just the Pike Node.

Havier: I've been doing some thinking myself, about the objective of Operation Butterfly, and now I'm beginning to connect the dots.

Havier: I've also managed to collect the missing pieces from you and Persica.

Havier: Don't worry, Persica's in a safe place now. She'll tell you the truth that she knows from over there.

Havier: On your end, you have M4A1, who can resonate with the OGAS system, the Isomer that she brought over to her side, and Lyco's most perfect and most lethal creation, Elisa.

Havier: It seems all the actors are gathered. I do wonder - is everything playing out according to William's plan?

Commander: If you've already guessed that this was William's plan, then why did you send us here?

Havier: Because this is our only chance to attain victory.

Commander: Our only chance?

Havier: I once told you that there used to be a Pike Node here, and that node was the one that was sent to the Sangvis plant where Lyco was, where it triggered the Butterfly Incident, before you finally recovered it in Belgrade.

Havier: This base was originally one of the strategic ports for the Baltic Fleet's submarine forces, and it once stored all the Pike units prepared for the Baltic Fleet in the event of World War III.

Havier: However, the true danger of this base is not the Pikes, but a certain facility in the bottom of the base — we know it as the "Starfish".

Havier: The Pikes have to be activated by a signal from the Relics themselves. Thus in order to remotely activate these weapons, the Old Soviet Union set up an OGAS network to transmit a ternary signal from the "Tabasar-B" Relic.

Havier: The "Starfish" system relays the Relic signal, activates and controls the Pikes, and gives them operational orders.

Havier: We have reason to believe that the Old Soviet-era Starfish system within the depths of the base contains several servers which are still functional.

Havier: This is why the Military is so desperate to get into this base, and the reason why William placed his research lab here.

Havier: Originally, the three gates sealing off the Starfish installation should have been unopenable. Everyone had a tacit understanding that we would no longer come into contact with anything that had to do with the Relics.

Havier: However, it's obvious that the situation has changed.

Commander: So you mean... they want to activate the "Starfish" system?

Commander: But the Pike Nodes were all shipped out from there - why didn't the Military just activate them directly?

Havier: Because the entire "Starfish" system was sealed away indefinitely in compliance to the Relic Arms Reduction Treaty in 1981.

Havier: If it wasn't for Operation Sparkplug back in the day, Carter wouldn't even have known that the Starfish could be activated in the first place, let alone that Moscow would have to authorize it.

Havier: If Carter gains activation access, the Starfish servers will be enough to activate the entire OGAS network, and the network connects to the largest Relic facility within the Soviet Union — the Tabasar-B support system.

Commander: So their ultimate objective is activating the Relics, huh...

Havier: No. From what I know, that's impossible.

Havier: The recovery of the Pike Node by Statesec means they didn't obtain the codes from it which would allow them to directly control Relic-related systems.

Havier: What they're doing is more of a form of protest, to ruin our government's diplomatic relationship with Western Europe... as well as wrecking that international union plan that's being put forward.

Havier: Thanks to your repeated efforts, those bastards' plans have failed again and again, which is why they've been forced to take such desperate measures to achieve their unspeakable aims.

Commander: Are you SURE it can't be activated?

Havier: I just told you, the "Starfish" only connects to the part of the OGAS network that handled Pike weapons control. The only link to the Relics is the fact that they're all on the same OGAS network.

Havier: Still, no matter what, their haste to get into Paldiski indicates that they've obtained authorization to activate the Starfish, which also indicates that someone has activated the Starfish mainframe in Moscow.

Havier: This isn't something a few generals can do. Someone high up in the People's Committee is willing to take the risk to do something like this. It's clear that the political situation in the Kremlin has deteriorated into a powder keg.

Havier: While tensions were already running high in the air back there, the series of events in Belgrade were the last straw that broke the camel's back. I'm guessing it'll only be a matter of time before the situation completely breaks down.

Commander: Why are there always people who hate peace so much...

Havier: Peace is a relative concept.

Havier: Thus, we are going to prove that they plan to activate the "Starfish", and stop them at the same time.

Havier: If Statesec isn't at Paldiski, the members of the opposition won't have an excuse to hide behind, and maybe our bigshots can take them down bloodlessly.

Havier: Of course, Zelinsky has also considered the eventuality of your failure, and so Statesec's Vympel forces and the Air Force's strategic bombers are all standing by.

Havier: Under no circumstances is the Starfish to be activated. If anything goes wrong, this base will be reduced to dust.

Commander: ...

Havier: Naturally, I don't wish for that to happen, because it means both sides will have played their hole cards by doing so.

Havier: The use of force breeds hatred, which will lead to an intense clash between both sides, and civil war will be unavoidable.

Commander: Civil war... Will those people from the Military give up even if Statesec doesn't show up?

Havier: We intend to play the role of a neutral party, so our stance will be very important.

Havier: Of course, Zelinsky is not going to go easy on any enemies who remain obstinate. The moment the Military enters the base, we'll begin seizing the traitors.

Havier: Of course, they're not just going to wait for us to get them. They will resist with all their might, and so we need time to do our job.

Havier: Therefore, please remember, Commander. You and your Doll forces' mission is to cut the fuse. Victory in this operation will be our only chance to keep the peace.

Commander: ...

Havier: Are you happy with that answer, my dear Commander?

Commander: You seem to have given us a lovely cover for this operation.

Havier: Indeed. You have a bright, shiny reason to do it, but whether or not you believe me is up to you.

Havier: As for Operation Butterfly... Well, they were right; I can't believe the flapping of a butterfly by the Black Sea led to such a huge storm.

Havier: But everything must eventually come to an end, and it is time to wake from that nightmare.

Havier: Take control of Paldiski Submarine Base, draw the Military in there and seize them, until their higher-ups are all captured.

Havier: Remember, you must not allow them to activate the Starfish. That is your real mission.

Commander: I won't let them have their way.

Havier: I'm counting on you, Commander. I look forward to meeting you again after you return.

Havier ends the call.

Commander: Havier might have said as much, but is there really no way to activate the Relic?

Commander: I'm sure William must know of M4 and Dandelion, so is there really no other objective behind luring Griffin over?
Part 2: Propigation

2

...After the conversation with Havier is over, the Commander returns to the train's command room.

Kalina: What did Mr. Havier say?

Commander: You won't want to know, but he managed to convince me. 

Commander: Let's begin the operation.

Kalina: Will we be heading into the base now?

Commander: No... we don't know what's going on inside the base, and we'll be finished if we barge in thoughtlessly and end up caught in a pincer attack. We'll verify our next destination before moving on.

Commander: Are 404 and the AR Team ready to move out?

Kalina: They've finished resupplying.

Commander: Good. Put me through to them.

Kalina establishes the connection and gives the Commander a thumbs up.

Commander: AR Team, Squad 404, can you hear me?

M4A1: Loud and clear, Commander.

UMP45: I read you.

Commander: Our train has arrived. I've already sent you the battle plan, three different backup plans, and the holographic map which Dandelion provided. 

Commander: Our ultimate objective is to seize the base, and in order to take control of the base, we will need to enter from the outskirts. Right now, I'm not sure what the situation is inside the base, and we can't let our main force enter the range of its defense systems. 

Commander: First, we need to link up with the members of DEFY and find a way to open the barrier gate. Then we'll need to ensure we have control over the gate and that it is safe.

Commander: At the same time, we will be scouting out the current status of the coastal defense artillery.

Commander: Our main goal there is to take control of the shore guns so they can provide fire support for our forces. 

Commander: If we cannot take them, then the backup plan is to destroy them and ensure the coastal artillery cannot fire on our forces.

M4A1: How will we deal with the pursuing Military?

Commander: All of Griffin's forces except you will be forming a defense line here. According to our previous simulation, we should be able to hold out for half an hour if the Military launches an all-out attack.

Commander: In other words, that's your operational time limit.

UMP45: Half an hour... That's really cutting it close.

Commander: The barrier gate leading to the sub base is behind us. Since we can't conduct mobile warfare, all we can do now is hold the line. And believe me, half an hour is a pretty optimistic estimate.

UMP45: Then how will you divide our forces?

RO635: I recommend that the AR Team take the coastal artillery.

RO635: If there are enemy forces in the base, then the guns will be defended.

RO635: Even if nobody is manning them, the Military will surely have the same idea as us and will be seeking to secure their heavy firepower.

RO635: With that in mind, the AR Team's superior ability in cracking strongpoints will be more useful there.

M4A1: I think so too. The members of Squad 404 are all skilled in infiltration and electronic warfare. If there are any enemies at the quarantine wall, I think we won't want to raise the alarm too soon.

Commander: What do you think, UMP45?

UMP45: I'm more than happy to take on the easier mission, but I hope the members of the AR Team don't mess up on their end, in particular "Miss Dandelion" over there.

Dandelion: Thank you for the reminder, Miss UMP45.

Dandelion: Also, you listened to M4's story with such obvious relish, but might I remind you that the story isn't exactly irrelevant to you.

UMP45: What are you getting at?

Dandelion: What once happened to Lunasia might happen to you at the origin of the Pike core.

Dandelion: Take care that you don't drown in the memories of your base layer. You don't have someone in your neural cloud who can save you the way I saved Lunasia.

Dandelion: After all, your little friend is just too weak, unlike myself.

UMP45: ...!

Dandelion: The networked consciousness in that base is much stronger than the one in Tallinn. I hope you're prepared to leave the labyrinth by yourself.

M4A1: That's enough, Dandelion.

M4A1: I'm sorry, 45. I'll keep her on a tight leash.

M4A1: Please don't take it to heart.

UMP45: ...

Dandelion: Also, I recommend that you disallow me from taking part in the coastal defense artillery capture operation.

M4A1: Why?

Commander: I thought you wanted to plaster yourself to M4.

Dandelion: Please do not phrase it in such...undignified terms.

Dandelion: If your train is taken by the Military, there will be no way to continue this operation.

Dandelion: In addition, the Military will surely assault our defense line with ferocious firepower and mechanized units.

Dandelion: Even if we only have to defend a front that is 2.5 km long, it will still be a tremendously difficult task, given Griffin's present strength.

Commander: What do you suggest?

Dandelion: I will stay here to provide support for the Zener Network and strengthen the Dolls' combat processing abilities, as well as accepting the neural clouds of the fallen Dolls.

Dandelion: I can also attempt to hack any Military autonomous units that come our way. If we can turn them to our side, it will greatly reduce the pressure on the frontlines.

Commander: M4, what do you think?

M4A1: I believe I have no reason to refuse.

Dandelion: While you are carrying out the operation, I will still be linked to your neural cloud, and I will share all my thoughts with you, M4. 

Dandelion: As for you, Miss 45, I can provide support to your neural cloud's base layer as well, if you are willing to grant me access to it.

UMP45: Thanks for your concern, but it won't be necessary.

Commander: It's decided, then. Dandelion will stay on the armored train to support the defense line against the Military, while the other teams carry out their respective missions.

Commander: One thing I should add; after you complete your missions, the rest of the Dolls and this train will pass through the quarantine wall and enter the base.

Commander: On the one hand, it will allow us to occupy a better defensive position. On the other hand, we need to lure the Military into the base.

Commander: The sooner you finish your mission, the sooner we can get out of this kill zone.

M4A1: Received.

UMP45: Roger.

M4A1: Without further ado, the AR Team will be heading out. End transmission.

UMP45: Humph. Squad 404 is moving off too. UMP45 out.

Kalina: Commander, both teams are getting ready to move out.

Kalina: Since both objectives are quite a distance away from us, I've assigned them the still-functional vehicles aboard the armored train. 

Kalina: If they don't run into any resistance, they should reach their destinations in about 10 minutes' time.

Commander: IF they don't meet resistance... We've got better odds of winning the grand prize in the state lottery. How's our force disposition?

Kalina: All echelons are in position. They're building fortifications and distributing ammunition. That ought to take another five minutes or so.

Kalina: However, the enemy armored trains have pulled out of Tallinn during our journey here.

Commander: Which means...a time difference of exactly five minutes. 

Kalina: Yes... Our forces can only build simple defenses, and we can take cover behind some hillocks near the bay, but all we have by the lake are a bunch of old houses. One round of bombardment and they'll be useless as cover.

Commander: I understand. Have our Dolls dig in as deeply as possible... The Military's going to take advantage of their superior firepower, but we need to buy as much time for those two teams as possible.

Commander: Have our minelayer drones carpet the main approach to our defensive line, so we can station fewer echelons there. After that, rig the railway line with explosives. That ought to keep their trains stopped outside for a little longer. 

Commander: The enemy is going to try to break through our flanks, and we don't have enough Dolls to mount a defense in depth. If they can hit the train from behind, it's check and mate for us.

Commander: Keep our most potent echelons on the flanks, and make sure they have fall-back points and decoy positions.

Commander: How many backup echelons do we have?

Kalina: We have five more, but they don't have their full complement of Dummies... Our repair bays can't fix that many damaged Dolls so soon.

Commander: About 100 Dolls or so... Have them prepare to plug any breaches.

Commander: Issue a top priority order to each echelon - they are NOT to let the Military through until the other two teams complete their mission.

Commander: However...make sure they're ready to retreat at any time. They are to withdraw to the train the moment when we give the word.

Kalina: Commander... I still think we should withdraw to the quarantine walls to mount our defense. We'll take heavy losses if we set up in open terrain.

Commander: What if there's an ambush at the walls? We have five minutes of reaction time; if there are enemies at the walls, are you confident that we can take control of the walls in that time?

Commander: K and Ange haven't replied ever since they snuck into the base, and I'm very worried about their situation.

Kalina: ...

Commander: It's not my intent to have us set up in the open to get beaten up for nothing. Right now, we need to wait and endure. 

Commander: I know this is a gamble, but it's the only option we have.

Commander: After that, we pray those two teams will give us good news.

Kalina: I understand, Commander... I'm issuing each echelon their respective tasks now.

Commander: Yeah...

Commander: I'm sorry, everyone. I hope you can forgive me...

Commander: Right now, we've got no way out. We need to win, no matter how great the cost.
Part 3: Refraction Point

3

...In the AR Team's prep room.

M4A1: The Commander's handed down our orders. Our mission is to seize the coastal defense artillery and provide fire support for the defending Griffin forces.

M4A1: Are you ready to move out?

RO635: Of course.

RO635: Time to let those green bastards have a taste of fear.

M4 SOPMOD II: Let's blow them all to kingdom come!

ST AR-15: Don't be too optimistic. We're probably going to run into massive resistance en route to our objective. Also, the Military might send out fast-moving units to waylay us, and in the worst-case scenario, the defenders manning the guns and the pursuit forces will be attacking us at the same time.

RO635: No matter how many simulations I run, the worst-case scenario is still the most likely scenario...

M4A1: That's why speed is paramount. We'll enter the base through a breach in the northwest section of the quarantine wall, pass through the wind power generation district and enter the bunker complex there. 

M4A1: The server hub for the shore guns' automated systems is probably among those bunkers. Dandelion will use her superior hacking abilities to find the hub and subvert it.

ST AR-15: Dandelion?

ST AR-15: Isn't she staying on the train?

Dandelion: I will provide electronic support through my connection with Lunasia. I can do something as simple as that even if I'm not beside her.

ST AR-15: Can we really rely on her...

Dandelion: I've shown my abilities in Tallinn. If any of you think you are better suited for hacking than I am, you are more than welcome to take my place.

RO635: Ahem... I've synced the routes to everyone. Hopefully our way there will be smooth sailing. Before that, do you best to cut down on travel time while driving.

RO635: SOP-II, you'll be the roof gunner. Don't scrimp on the ammo; if you see any enemies, don't hesitate and hit them with as much firepower as you need to stop them from nearing our vehicle. We don't have time to waste on trash.

M4 SOPMOD II: No problem! I'll blow all the enemies in our way to itty bitty little pieces!

ST AR-15: Will that really be alright? We'll be fighting alone after this.

RO635: Kalina's already loaded the vehicle with all the ammo compatible with SOP-II. We won't be able to take it with us if we don't use it up.

ST AR-15: Looks like the Commander's betting heavily on us. 

M4 SOPMOD II: Yup, which is why we can't let the Commander down. If there's nothing else, let's head out.

AR Team: Roger!
Part 4: Critical Angle

4

...In Squad 404's prep room.

UMP45: Gear check, ladies. Load up on ammo and prepare to move out.

416: What's wrong? Something seems to be eating at you; you're not your usual confident self.

UMP9: I'm sure even 45 would get nervous knowing that the fate of so many Dolls rests in our hands...

416: Do Dolls get nervous?

UMP9: Look at Gr G11, she's so nervous she can barely stand, right?

Gr G11: Can-can-can I not go...?

Gr G11: It totally sounds like...a suicide mission.

416: You're going even if it's suicide. Besides, it's not like you can live by yourself without me.

Gr G11: Well, if I can't live by myself, I'll just join Griffin. All I need is a corner for me to sleep in...

416: Oh, you wish! Now get up!

UMP9: Still, are you really okay, 45? Something does feel different about you.

416: She must have seen something she shouldn't have seen in M4 or Dandelion's neural cloud.

416: Hey, 45, I just told you.

416: It doesn't matter what your goal is, look around at your friends first before doing it. Surely your neural cloud isn't as low on memory as Gr G11's.

UMP45: Humph, I don't need you to lecture me.

UMP45: Before spouting all that nonsense, have you finished syncing the operational route and the map?

UMP9: All OK, 45! 

UMP9: We'll drive straight to an air vent under the quarantine wall, then enter the air ducts and follow it along the inside of the wall to the DEFY members' last known position.

UMP9: If there really are friendlies there, we'll enter the control room of the barrier gate after contacting them, then use the activation access they were talking about to open the gate and let the Commander in.

416: You make it sound so easy.

UMP45: That's assuming we don't run into any enemies.

UMP45: If the signal is a trap, there's a very high chance we'll get shot full of holes.

UMP45: It's not so bad if it's our old friends from S.F., but if we end up getting jumped by Paradeus, you can just start working on your last words at that point.

Gr G11: (Groans) Can't we discuss this? Could I just wait on the train and go over after you make sure it's safe?

416: Any more nonsense out of you and I'll tie you to my gun and use you as a shield!

416: Right, there's no point worrying about that. We need to deal with the gate ASAP before the Commander and the others end up drowning in shellfire.

416: After that, we'll just have to hope the AR Team is as reliable as we are.

UMP9: The fighting for the shore guns is going to be really intense...  Can they really handle it?

UMP45: In any case, it's not something we should be worrying about. If everyone's ready, we're heading out!
Part 5: Reflector

5

...At the Griffin defense line.

Thompson: Doesn't look like cover's an issue anymore. How's the ammo at our fallback position?

M9: The drone just dropped it off!

M9: Will Military units really be coming our way?

Ingram: Hehe...wouldn't THAT be nice? Chances to have fun like this don't come by often.

Ingram: Besides, I still haven't settled the score with them from last time!

M3: But we can't possibly bring down Military armored units with just our firepower, right?

M3: Even their regular infantry models are hard to destroy once they're some distance away from us.

Thompson: The Boss has a plan.

Thompson: Squad B3, do you read me?

Gr MP5: Ehh?! Is the enemy here already?

Thompson: Relax, Gr MP5. Just asking for a routine report about the situation on your end.

Gr MP5: You scared me to death...

Gr MP5: We've planted the explosives behind the defense line, but is it really okay to booby trap our route of retreat?

Thompson: The Boss has a plan.

Thompson: Squads B4 and B5, what about you?

P7: We're fine too!

Type 92: Nothing out of the ordinary with B5.

Type 92: Aren't these regular check-ins too frequent?

P7: B4's prepped and ready to go!

P7: Heehee, come, you enemies, come and die!

Makarov: Thompson's worried about whether the enemy has secretly wiped out our forward listening posts. Besides, it's not like you're the one in charge of comms.

Type 92: True, but you heard P7 just now, right? Don't tell me she's got her pranks ready to go?

Makarov: Trust her this once. P7 doesn't mess around too much when it comes to actual combat.

Type 92: I hope so, given the circumstances.

Type 92: Wait a minute... Did you say "too much"?

Makarov: Does it matter? At most we'll just wake up in an unfamiliar repair tank.

Type 92: Are you sure we'll have a chance to wake up at all?

Makarov: We will. I believe in the Commander.

Makarov: Oh yes, where did STEN and that tomato go?

Type 92: There are still a few houses to the northwest that haven't been cleared yet. They've gone up there to scout and lay a few traps while they're there.

Makarov: I hope they don't blow themselves up before the fighting starts...

Makarov: As the new Team Palette, we can't bring shame to our former leader.

Type 92: Should we verify their positions?

Makarov: Right, contact them.

Type 92: B5-1 hailing B5-2.

Type 92: What's your situation? Why are you taking so long?

STEN MkII: Oh, it's 92.

STEN MkII: We've finished planting mines at the designated location.

Type 92: So why haven't you come back yet?

STEN MkII: That's because...

STEN MkII: Miss Negev asked us to help her out.

Negev: C3 hailing B5. 

Negev: This is Negev, sorry for borrowing some of your people.

Type 92: So it was Squad Negev. Don't sweat it, boss them around as much as you want.

Negev: Thank you very much. We'll send them back once we've finished digging in here.

Negev: How's the moving going?

AAT-52: It's...so...heavy...

Negev: Don't you usually use a machine gun? Why are you so weak?

AAT-52: Why don't...you try...carrying several dozen sandbags at once... (Pants)

Micro Uzi: Quit whining. If our position gets overrun, your flanks will be completely exposed. So please help us out. Miss Tomato.

AAT-52: Don't call me Tomato!

TAR-21: I'm terribly sorry about this, but the Commander wants the machine gun nests to be as secure as possible.

STEN MkII: It's alright; after all, we ought to be helping each other out at times like these, am I right, Miss Tomato?

AAT-52: At least call me Mademoiselle Tomate... Argh, my arms are falling off...

Negev: A few more sandbags and it'll be over. Come on, hang in there.

Negev: This is the first line of defense, so we need to hold the enemy at bay and keep them from passing through.

STEN MkII: So we're on the outermost edge of the defensive line? I saw a bunch of Dolls run outside just now.

Negev: They're probably recon teams. The Military's drawing closer, and the Commander needs to know the enemy's movements.

Negev: Still, they've been out for a while. I wonder how they're doing.

Welrod MkII: G1 hailing G5, can you see our position?

Kar98k: G5 copies, we see you clearly from here.

Welrod MkII: Please cover our reconnaissance... The enemy seems to have dispatched scout units as well, and they're headed our way.

Kar98k: Received. I recommend you pull your team back a little; your current position is very dangerous.

Welrod MkII: Understood, but we'll be able to spot the hostile armored trains from here more quickly. 

Welrod MkII: If we can take the initiative, we'll lose much fewer Dolls in the upcoming battle.

Kar98k: ...Roger.

Kar98k: We'll do our best to cover you.

Welrod MkII: Wait...

Kar98k: What's the matter?

Welrod MkII: I did a scan and found a faint signal approaching this location. I think it's an autonomous force conducting armed recon. 

Welrod MkII: We can't let them get close to our defense line, so let's wipe them out here.

Welrod MkII: I've synced the data to you.

Kar98k: Received. These numbers shouldn't pose a problem.

Kar98k: StG, have the rest of our teammates cover them as well.

StG44: Got it, I'm contacting them now.

StG44: G43, are you still at the resupply point?

G43: I'm on my way back.

StG44: Change of plan. Proceed directly to firing point 3, we're moving the crossfire plan up.

G43: Got it, I'm coming over now!

G43: There's been a change of plan, MP41.

MP41: Oh, was that from Fräulein Kar?

G43: She's at the shooting point, and she wants us to head over right away.

MP41: Er...does it have to be right now?

MP41: I wanted to write a report on the surrounding situation and send it to the Commander...

G43: Forget the report, just remember to be a good spotter for me afterwards. We don't often get the chance to fight alongside Fräulein Kar!

MP41: Fine, fine, I got it... Plus, if you bite it, I can take over and help Fräulein Kar. Sounds good, right?

G43: You shut that mouth of yours!

...Inside the command room on the train.

Kalina: Looks like everyone's just about ready.

Commander: Yup, and I guess our opposition ought to be ready too. 

Commander: Dandelion, have our Dolls been backed up?

Dandelion: All back-ups are complete. However, I will not be able to perform real-time neural backups for destroyed Dolls once the fighting starts. The data load is too great.

Commander: I'm grateful enough for pre-battle backups.

Commander: ...That way, even if we get blown to bits, these girls will all survive as long as you or M4 make it.

Dandelion: That is true, in theory.

Dandelion: However, saying that sort of thing will only needlessly increase the stress on all of you. For instance, I can already sense that Miss Kalina is very much on edge.

Kalina: Er...

Commander: Kalina... I'm sorry.

Kalina: It's fine, Commander, ahahaha... You've always been one for saying scary things, haven't you?

Commander: I hope they're just empty words, but I have a really bad feeling about this. Maybe the good luck we've had all this while is about to be used up.

Dandelion: I've collated the data from all the Dolls and analyzed the battle situation, which I've projected on the main monitor in the command room. It shows the current disposition of our forces and predictions of enemy movements. I hope this information will help ease the stress on you.

Commander: How did you do that...?

Commander: Usually we only get this kind of computational support at the base.

Dandelion: You can think of me as a top-of-the-line supercomputer system. Since you are the only commander in Griffin to enjoy such luxurious treatment, your existence can be considered to be on the 'cutting edge'.

Commander: ...

Dandelion: Is it not funny?

Dandelion: I thought humorous utterances would help relieve stress. It would seem I will need to avoid such forms of humor in the future.

Commander: I appreciate your good intentions... But let's focus on the battle.

Bzzzz — a buzzer goes off.

Commander: What's happening?

Kalina: Message from the recon team. The enemy armored trains have stopped moving and they have dispatched autonomous scouting forces, which are currently engaging the recon team.

Kalina: The trains are now deploying ground forces, and both our left and right flanks each have two companies' worth of troops headed their way.

Commander: They're going to catch us in a pincer attack. Looks like the opposition isn't interested in fancy tactics; they're going to hit us with everything they have. 

Commander: Are there any other movements?

Kalina: Hang on... I've lost contact with them...

Kalina: The HOCs have sent a report... The recon team is being bombarded.

Dandelion: The firefight just now exposed our listening post, and the enemy brought their train-based artillery to bear. Team G1, G3 and G7 have been destroyed.

Dandelion: Two teams from Group K were subjected to mortar bombardment while planting explosives along the railway, and they had no choice but to fall back to cover.

Dandelion: The echelons on the main line of defense are still in cover. Group B is requesting support from Group C. 

Commander: Dammit...they're showing us no mercy at all...

Commander: Have everyone from Group G fall back. Keep the defense echelons in cover and don't let them expose themselves.

Commander: They'll bombard the defense line if they reveal themselves too soon. 

Commander: Stick with Plan A for now.

Kalina: The defense line on the Lahepere Bay front is being hit too! 

Kalina: The Doll echelons are taking cover on the other side of the slope!

Commander: Are they planning on a breakthrough there...

Meanwhile...

On the Military armored train.

Yegor: Sitrep?

Adjutant: Our autonomous forces have encountered a Griffin listening post. It has been obliterated via fire support. The 52nd and 54th armored companies are deployed and the 14th infantry reconnaissance company is in position.

Adjutant: Autonomous companies C and D are performing final adjustments and will be ready in five minutes.

Yegor: Follow the plan and deploy our forces with mixed human and automaton composition. Also, beware of enemy hacking.

Yegor: Griffin has prepared this choke point to block us. They have very few positions from which they can mount a defense, so sweep all those locations with cannonfire beforehand.

Adjutant: Understood. 

Adjutant: Will our forces still be attacking in waves?

Adjutant: It's just a PMC. Can't we just crush them in one blow?

Yegor: That PMC is just the velvet glove over a mailed fist. There's no telling where our true enemy is hiding. We must not fail this mission - we have to act cautiously.

Adjutant: Understood, sir.

Yegor: Position all our armored forces on the north flank. I'm more worried about the Paldiski Base's coastal defense batteries than Griffin. 

Yegor: However, the fact that those cannons haven't started firing on us implies Griffin hasn't taken control of them yet.

Adjutant: Wasn't that base originally ours?

Yegor: It used to be, but some bastard wrecked it.

Adjutant: Is that why we have no choice but to take it back?

Yegor: Yes, we need to reclaim the base, as well as our soldier's honor, which has been trampled upon.

Adjutant: Yes, sir!

Adjutant: The PMC is still building up their defenses. When will we attack?

Adjutant: The troops are in high spirits and everyone is eager to make our enemies pay.

Adjutant: We will carry out any mission you give us, Captain.

Yegor: I know, I feel the same as everyone else.

Yegor: But we are soldiers, and so we must obey our orders.

Yegor: It isn't time yet. Give them a taste of our wrath in the form of cannonfire.
Part 6: Critical Angle Pt.2

6

Outside the quarantine wall.

UMP45: We're at the wall. Everyone out.

416: And here I thought we'd have to dodge bullets and shells on the way in.

UMP9: Isn't that a good thing? I mean, if we started off that way, it would be really easy to end up with a crappy ending where the car blows up and everyone dies.

Gr G11: Don't say scary things like that!

UMP45: The defense systems didn't open fire on us. Doesn't quite fit the information we were given.

UMP45: Check the perimeter, see if there are enemies hiding there.

UMP9: I'm scanning now. Haven't picked up anything suspicious yet.

UMP45: Good. 

UMP45: According to the map annotations, there ought to be a sewer exit we can take to get inside the walls.

416: I've found it. It's covered by a folding-type shutter. Should we blow it open?

UMP45: We have no idea what's going to happen next, so we need to make sparing use of valuable items like explosives.

UMP45: However, 9 can crack an electronically-controlled shutter of that level.

UMP45: You CAN do that, right, 9?

UMP9: Leave it to me, 45!

UMP9: (Gags) This place stinks!

Gr G11: Are we really going in there?

416: Bear with it. It'll only get worse once we actually go inside.

Distant explosions go off, one after the other.

UMP45: Did you hear that?

UMP9: That was cannonfire. Looks like the fighting's already started on the Commander's end...

416: The Military's moving faster than I expected. Are you done yet, 9?

UMP9: I'm looking for the unlocking nodes!

UMP9: There are two control ports which need cracking, give me a hand over there, 45.

UMP45: Whatever will I do with you... I'm going in too.

After they enter the quarantine wall through the sewer...

416: I knew it would smell bad...but I didn't expect it to smell THIS bad...

UMP45: Just do what Gr G11 did and switch off your smell modules.

416: As if I'd learn from a good-for-nothing like that...

UMP9: Quiet, everyone... I picked up something irregular inside the passage.

UMP45: Enemies?

UMP9: No...there's no signal reaction... It's probably...

416: They're remains from S.F. and Paradeus.

416 leaps out of the tunnel and lands inside a room.

UMP45: Hmm, there are traces everywhere of a firefight between S.F. and Paradeus. Looks like they fought over the wall too.

Gr G11: Oh dear... I can't believe there are so many corpses here...

UMP9: Judging by the state of these bodies, it must've happened quite a while ago...

UMP45: Looks like Dandelion was partially right. S.F. have probably tried to take control of the base before we arrived.

416: So is this base under Sangvis control now?

UMP45: They probably haven't gained full control access over the base, otherwise there's no way they would leave a place as important as the quarantine wall's main gate undefended.

UMP9: So you're saying the Commander still has a chance?

416: That's only if we can open the gate before the Commander is wiped out by the Military.

416: Plus, we have to make sure there are no other threats underground.

416: Speaking of which, can you verify DEFY's previous coordinates?

UMP9: I can pinpoint them. Should I try to contact them?

UMP45: We can't risk exposing ourselves like that. First, we need to make sure that DEFY really is at the coordinates they gave us.

UMP45: Come with me to check it out, 416. 

UMP45: UMP9, Gr G11, you two guard this passage. If anything dangerous happens, we'll withdraw through it.

UMP9: Leave it to me. ♪

UMP9: Happy now, Gr G11?？

Gr G11: I...I'm overjoyed...

UMP45: After that, close your Zener Protocol interfaces and switch to verbal communication. If need be, use radio—

UMP45 suddenly stops in her tracks.

UMP9: Huh? What's wrong, 45?

UMP45: I'm picking up some interference...

416: Another forced connection?

UMP45: I felt something like this in Tallinn... I'm going to take precautions just in case.

UMP45: This might be the reason why DEFY can't transmit to us, or it might be part of an enemy trap.

UMP45: In any case, send a burst message to the Commander and the AR Team. We won't make any connections until we reach the quarantine wall control room.

UMP9: Right, sending!

UMP45: That said, getting this sensation means we're in the right place.

416: ...

416: You're just asking for it. Let's hurry up to the coordinates.

UMP45: Indeed, Captain Obvious.

Shortly before...

Destroyer: I'm at the place you were talking about. What now?

Dreamer: She's gone...

Destroyer: What do you mean? Who's gone? Where did they go?

Dreamer: Mastermind relinquished her command. Don't you understand what that means?

Dreamer: To her, we're nothing more than disposable pawns.

Dreamer: And now, it's time to take out the trash...

Destroyer: What are you talking about?!

A burst of intense gunfire rings out from Dreamer's end, and the transmission cuts off.

Destroyer: Dreamer? Answer me!

The sound of orderly footsteps comes from a place not far off.

Destroyer: Who's that? Is it you, Dreamer?

Destroyer: No, wait, the signal IFF reads...

As the dust clears before her, the girls' nearly-identical faces come into view.

Destroyer: Paradeus...what are you doing here?!

Destroyer: You should have all been locked inside!

Nyto: ...

Destroyer: Dammit...so you're trying to walk all over me?!

Destroyer: Let me warn you, I'm not one to be bullied!

The Nytos disregard Destroyer's angry protests. They merely approach her in complete silence...

Destroyer: What, are you looking down on me?!

Destroyer: Move to attack formation and fire—!

The Nytos dodge the barrage of shots with swift movements even as they close the distance to the S.F. forces with incredible speed.

Destroyer: Switch to defensive formation! Pull away from them! Fall back! Fall back!

The Nytos rip through the Sangvis forces like a streak of lightning.

Destroyer: Retreat! RETREAT! Retreat with me!

However, most of the Sangvis units have already been hacked - their neural clouds are thrown into disarray, and they are unable to comply. All they can do is scatter in all directions.

As she watches more and more Sangvis units being torn apart before her eyes, the only thing Destroyer can do is protect herself.

Destroyer: Dammit dammit dammit!

Destroyer: All remaining S.F. forces, follow me and withdraw!

With the last few Sangvis forces in tow, Destroyer breaks into a mad sprint towards the shore gun emplacements.
Part 7: Total Internal Reflection

7

Outside the quarantine wall.

M4 SOPMOD II: We didn't run into any enemies along the way... I'm so boooooored...

ST AR-15: Isn't the lack of enemies a good thing?

M4 SOPMOD II: It is, but...I'm still booooooooored up here on the roof...

RO635: I wouldn't mind if this boredom went on a little longer...

ST AR-15: RO, are we there yet?

RO635: The road conditions here are terrible, we can't drive too fast.

RO635: And the map didn't include any geographical data about this place.

M4A1: Dandelion isn't all-powerful.

M4A1: I can hear explosions - we need to get to our objective ASAP.

ST AR-15: The Military must be hitting them with a barrage. 

ST AR-15: They're going to exchange fire soon. I wonder if the Commander can really last 30 minutes...

M4A1: The Commander WILL make it, and every second we buy will raise the Commander's chances that much more...

ST AR-15: Got it. We're all ready.

M4A1: Yeah...me too.

M4A1: Wait a minute, is this...a burst signal?

ST AR-15: What happened?

M4A1: 404 picked up some kind of forced connection like the kind in Tallinn. They'll be going offline after this.

ST AR-15: In other words, there are Nytos or Isomers in the base.

M4A1: Dandelion.

Dandelion: The results from your scans are correct. I have not detected any related signals. However...

M4A1: However?

Dandelion: However, I can "feel" something...

Dandelion: I guess you've felt it too, or rather, right now everyone has—

M4A1: What do you mean?

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoa! Look at the sky!

M4A1: !

ST AR-15: Is that...a blue aurora?

RO635: But how could there be an aurora here? Also, isn't this daytime?

M4A1: An aurora?

Dandelion: It's not just the aurora.

???: Will we see that scene from back then in this place too?

???: We can find closure here, and the storm stirred up by the butterfly's wings will come to an end.

???: Surely Father's wish will be fulfilled now.

M4A1: These voices are...

Dandelion: It seems you "feel" it too.

M4A1: What's happening inside the base?

Dandelion: The OGAS signal broadcast has grown stronger. It seems that whatever 16 is doing, her plan is now rapidly accelerating.

M4A1: ...Is it the Starfish? What exactly does it hide?

Dandelion: That is not something I have an answer to.

...Inside the Military train.

Yegor: Are you sure? Can you verify that there is an aurora in the airspace above the base?

Signaller: Y-yes...

Yegor: ...

Yegor: Send me the image data.

Yegor: Hm...

Adjutant: Captain, is it time?

Yegor: Have all units prepare to attack. Then put me on a direct line to Moscow.

Adjutant: Yes, sir.

An encrypted transmission begins...

Yegor: General Carter, the phenomenon you mentioned earlier has occurred.

Carter: I know. Our comrades have made their move. The mainframe has been activated. Time is of the essence - the server inside that base must be activated as well.

Yegor: Looks like he didn't lie to us.

Carter: We have paid everything we can pay, so we must take everything we are owed.

Carter: He wasn't trustworthy given the circumstances, and it was only a matter of time before he betrayed us. But we can no longer hesitate now.

Yegor: Understood. I will complete the mission as soon as possible.

Carter: Even now, those traitors are arresting our compatriots. There isn't much time left for you. Don't let their sacrifice be in vain.

Yegor: I guarantee that I will complete the mission. I will take the base before the mainframe is shut down.

Carter: As for the ones pulling the strings behind the scenes...

Yegor: Neither I nor any of my men will surrender to them.

Carter: I am sorry.

Carter: Once again, I've made you lead your comrades onto a battlefield from which there is no return.

Yegor laughs. He does not do this often.

Yegor: Of course. I've been prepared for this for a long time. Please do what you ought to do, General.

The encrypted transmission ends.

Yegor: Comrades, inform the frontline units - begin the attack, and crush Griffin!
Part 8: Sine Curve

8

The choke point eight kilometers away from Paldiski Base is filled with clouds of gun smoke and the flames of cannonfire.

The earth rumbles...

The Dolls frantically scramble into their trenches to avoid the blasts and shrapnel as shells rain down on them...

And as for the Dolls who have already fallen, the repeated explosions blast their parts in all directions.

The blizzard whipping through the Estonian sky is a sign of the Military's victory.

Military Trooper: Sir, we've finished a round of effective fire from the train guns.

After the soldier delivers his report to his squad leader, the latter takes up his binoculars and observes the point of impact.

Griffin's recon teams were spotted moving around there several minutes ago, but after a few rounds of fire, they no longer blacken his line of sight.

Military Officer: Carry on. The enemy is hunkering down in the choke point. Give them another full volley.

Military Trooper: Understood.

Military Officer: Quartz, this is Hematite. The attack order has been given. Enemy coordinates are PE-454-321-12. Begin a creeping barrage in 20 seconds and bombard those coordinates for 15 minutes.

Commando: Quartz receives, preparing to execute. Over. 

At the Griffin lines.

AAT-52: Aren't they done firing yet?!

STEN MkII: Don't raise your head! That's why I told you to dig the trenches deeper!

AAT-52: You worked me so hard I thought I would run out of power before the enemy even showed up!

Meanwhile, Thompson, who has been separated from the others, is desperately trying to find her teammates.

Thompson: Group B to all Squad B members, recon team reports enemy forces approaching, get to battle stations ASAP and carry out the defense plan.

Thompson: I repeat, enemy forces approaching,  get to battle stations ASAP and carry out the defense plan.

Thompson: God dammit, why did comms have to cut out now of all times...

AAT-52 and STEN MkII are lost on the other end of the battlefield.

AAT-52: The shells are still flying!

AAT-52: Where's our team leader?

STEN MkII: There's no response from the comms...

AAT-52: Are we the only ones left...? Quick, look for Dummies that have lost their mainframes; we can't let the defense line crumble on our watch!

STEN MkII: Yeah...I'm coming!

AAT-52: Hurry! Hurry! Jump in!

AAT-52: The enemy really is closing in... We need to stick to the plan and let them pass over our heads...

STEN MkII: We're pretty well concealed here, but...

STEN MkII: But if they find us...we won't even have the chance to return fire...

AAT-52: This is the Commander's plan... It's sure to succeed!

AAT-52: Once those bastards show us their backs...I'm going to make them pay for what they did to Leader!

Mobile Team 3 Member: Quartz to Hematite, we're at the designated location. No enemies in sight and scans are being disrupted. Should we proceed? Over.

Military Officer: This is Hematite, the enemy might have set up an ambush; proceed with caution. Over.

Commando: Quartz copies, unit positions have been adjusted. Autonomous units are conducting reconnaissance, feel free to request fire support as needed. Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies, please await fire support request. Over.

Commando: Copy that, commencing operation.
Part 9: Reversibility

9

Inside the train's command room.

Commander: Dandelion, how's the situation?

Dandelion: We've jammed the Military's scanning frequencies as planned. The enemy hasn't discovered our ambush positions yet.

Dandelion: I have subverted part of the Military's autonomous units, but the opposition has isolated their signals, so there aren't many units which can be used to fight.

Commander: That's all, huh.

Dandelion: A moment please... The Military is resisting our hacking and is attempting to counter-jam our frequencies. It will take a while before communications can resume. 

Dandelion: The last message from our comms indicates that Group B attacked the Military's infantry from behind and has thrown back the first wave of enemies. 

Dandelion: Our forces have taken 60% casualties, but they can still hold the line.

Commander: Sounds like good news.

Commander: How fares the north side, Kalina?

Kalina: Comms on my side are jammed too.

Kalina: The northern forces were exchanging fire with enemy units three minutes ago, and the echelon leaders reported that their losses were minimal.

Commander: The enemy didn't launch an assault?

Commander: What are they afraid of...? Is it the coastal defense guns in the base?

Kalina: I wonder if M4 and the others have made it there...

The sound of continuous gunfire and explosions drifts over from the distance. The window frame trembles faintly.

Commander: Something doesn't sound right. Why are the shells falling outside the northern defense line...?

Commander: Dandelion, can you restore comms?

Dandelion: The Military jamming is severe. I'm currently doing my best to preserve Zener Network connectivity.

Commander: Kalina, fetch me the binoculars.

Through the binoculars, Griffin Dolls can be seen in the distance, running frantically over open ground to avoid the shower of artillery shells. Many Dolls try to run back to the defense line, but the explosions soon engulf them.

Commander: Damned Military!

On the other side.

Military Officer: It was as you said. After they were jammed, the Dolls were easily drawn out.

Yegor: Humph. That's all there is to civilian Dolls.

Yegor: Continue jamming their networks. Dolls without a human Commander are nothing but trash.

Yegor: Are the armored units ready?

Military Officer: Hematite to Zircon, what is your status, are you ready to move out? Over.

Armored Unit Officer: Zircon copies, ready to commence the assault at any time. Over.

Yegor: Yes, send them out.

Yegor: Break through Griffin's defense line and transfer some forces to Quartz. Your priority is to take control of the naval defense platforms, and then come back to exterminate these vermin.

Military Officer: Hematite copies, beginning operation. Transferring a mobile team from Attack Route 12 to cover Quartz, as outlined in Plan B. Over.

Armored Unit Officer: Zircon copies, we're setting out right now. Over.

Yegor: Give them one last creeping barrage. It'll be danger close; be mindful of friendly positions.

Military Officer: Yes sir!
Part 10: Cosine Signal

    10chevron_right

Inside the command room.

Kalina: Commander, the Military armored units have begun their assault on the northern defense line! 

Kalina: It's a saturation attack, our HOCs can't stop them!

Kalina: Losses to our frontline Doll echelons are over 85%!

Commander: We're just too weak, huh...

Commander: Dandelion, can you have the northern echelons fall back to our train?

Commander: If their armored units flank this train, then we're done for.

Dandelion: I'm relaying orders now and reorganizing our remaining forces in the most optimal manner.

Dandelion: Also, the backup Dolls have pinpointed the location of the armored units. They are not trying to approach the train's position.

Dandelion: Their objective is probably the coastal gun platforms. Once they break through our lines, they'll probably head for it at full speed. 

Commander: That's worse than if they were headed right for us...

Commander: Send this news to the AR Team. Make sure they know they have to reach the shore guns before the Military!

Dandelion: Attempting to contact them.

Commander: How's Squad 404? Have they still not found a way open the main gate?

Kalina: They're still running silent...

Commander: Continue to monitor their transmissions. We'll move once we get word from them.

Commander: (Sighs) I told them we could hold out for 30 minutes, but it's only been 10 minutes...

Commander: We're sitting ducks here until that gate opens!

Kalina: Commander...

Dandelion: Commander, the ECCM is effective; our comms have been partially restored.

Commander: Have the northern echelons begun withdrawing?

Dandelion: They're trying to regroup, but there's a sustained barrage targeted at them.

Dandelion: Also, the southern defense line is taking a second round of attacks. The enemy's human infantry are moving up and there are no autonomous units to hack.

Dandelion: Losses on the southern line are up to 70%. Should we order them to continue fighting?

Commander: ...

Commander: ...Have them pull back to the train as well. Instruct the backup teams to prepare for combat.

Dandelion: Yes, Commander.

...

In a corner of the battlefield.

The Dolls here are carrying on perfectly normally, as though the gunfire and chaos outside have nothing to do with this place.

CF-05: Girls! Orders from the Commander!

Gr SL8: Patch them in.

Gr SL8: Yes... Understood.

CF-05: Why are you making that face?

Gr SL8: When the Commander gives orders, you've got to listen solemnly! 

Gr SL8: Don't worry, everything's still going as planned.

Gr SL8: Everyone, prepare to withdraw! Guard your mainframes well, and if need be, use your Dummies as meat shields

CF-05: Right. Everyone, step lively!

A gunshot rings out.

Gr SL8: ...Well, that was fast. Everyone, get ready for battle!

Commando: I've spotted some remaining Dolls... Everyone, on me!

Thompson: All forces, retreat!

Ingram: We can't! We can't go yet!

Ingram: Our other echelons are still in their positions!

Gr MP5: Ingram, now's not the time for heroics. The Commander's given orders!

Ingram: Huh? You want me to go when P7's still in danger?

Gr MP5: Ingram...you...

Ingram: Give me your Dummies! I'll hold the enemy off!

Thompson: You stay behind, Ingram. Everyone else, give your Dummies to her, then fall back with me.

Gr MP5: But...

Ingram: That's more like it. Thanks, boss.

Gr MP5: Are we going to abandon Ingram?

Gr MP5: Are we...going to abandon everyone else?

Thompson: Don't let Ingram's sacrifice go to waste.

Thompson: All we can do is repay her in the end by winning.

Ingram doesn't look back at her teammates as they retreat.

She rubs her tired eyes and leads the remaining Dummies towards the Military commandos—

More gunshots.

Inside the train's command room.

Kalina: Commander...there are fewer and fewer echelons capable of responding to us at the forward defense line...

Kalina: And the Military units are now within two kilometers of us.

Commander: Activate the train's defensive weapons. Let the enemy vanguard past, then interdict the battlefield. Do your best to cover the retreating echelons.

Commander: Commit all of our reserves, have them block the enemy forces along with the retreating echelons.

Dandelion: Our train is almost out of ammunition.

Commander: ...I know.

Commander: Still no word from 404?

Kalina: Not yet... Come on, Miss 45... Please, hurry up!

On Squad 404's end.

UMP45: We're almost at the coordinates. Considering how I'm not picking up any other movement, it seems our allies are being pretty calm.

416: Gunshots!

??: Oh my, it seems our reinforcements are quite cautious, given how they've shut off their Zener Protocol ports.

???: Ammo reserves are almost dry. I do not recommend wasting processor cycles on idle chatter.

UMP45: They're transmitting over unencrypted radio? Reply to their transmission.

416: This is Squad 404, operating with Griffin. Identify yourselves.

RPK-16: The two of us are members of Task Force DEFY. I was just about to say that our take-out ought to have arrived by now.

416: Are you currently in control of the barrier gate?

RPK-16: Yes we are, it's under our control, at least while our ammo holds out.

RPK-16: So whatever you're thinking of doing, you'd better do it fast.

The transmission ends.

UMP45: The voiceprint matches the previous transmission. Let's go up and help them.

416: Got it. We'll go in from the left. Mind your fire.
Part 2: Diffraction Grating

2

UMP45: As I thought, this base still contains functional Paradeus units.

UMP45: 416, have 9 and Gr G11 come up here. I'd say the enemies on this side have all been wiped out.

AK-15: Thanks for the support.

UMP45: You're welcome. Where's the control panel? We need to open the gate right now.

RPK-16: You'd think they'd be at least show us a little concern, wouldn't you?

UMP45: Since when was it in my place to care about how Task Force DEFY is faring?

RPK-16: How does 404 perceive those of us on Task Force DEFY, I wonder?

UMP45: More robust than a tank. At the very least, they don't need to be babied by fragile little civilian Dolls like ourselves.

UMP45: Now where is that control panel?

RPK-16: Over here, and here's the encryption dongle.

UMP45: Thank you. 416, go activate the control panel.

416: Got it.

RPK-16: I mean, we're all Dolls here, so why is there such a huge cognitive bias? How positively bizarre.

RPK-16: Won't you say something? Your words carry the most weight here, you know.

AK-15: I only have two mags left.

RPK-16: As humorless as ever.

RPK-16: Still, that's just like you.

UMP9: 45, you made it... Whoa!

UMP9: Who's that lying on the ground?!

RPK-16: Oh, this was our original Commander.

RPK-16: Well, he's passed out now, and about as much use as a tiger with a broken spine, so I took over command.

AK-15: RPK, your leadership is far worse than Mr. K's.

AK-15: Otherwise, we wouldn't be stuck in this control room.

RPK-16: Dolls can't replace humans, after all. Not even someone like this.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: So this is K. I've only ever heard his name in combat logs.

UMP45: What about the rest of DEFY?

UMP45: Where's Ange?

RPK-16: We were ambushed by S.F. during our mission and got separated from them during our withdrawal. Our original commander took a bullet, but before he passed out, he ordered us to hold this position and wait for you.

416: I've finished activating the gate controls.

UMP45: Open the gate, then. 9, contact the Commander.

UMP9: Okie-doke!

UMP45: Sync the path you took out of the base with us. We need to find Ange and the rest of DEFY.

RPK-16: You're planning to charge in there while you're so lightly armed?

RPK-16: I commend your courage in throwing yourself into the fray like a moth to the flame.

RPK-16: For the sake of the mission, how about letting AK-15 go with you?

AK-15: I only have two mags left.

RPK-16: But that's not a problem for you, is it?

RPK-16: Oh... I see, you don't want to run into 12, is that it?

UMP45: I appreciate your concern, but we're not used to other Dolls joining us on ops either.

UMP45: Please sync the route to us and we'll set off right away.

UMP45: Griffin's forces will link up with you shortly. Our Commander will provide you with support.

RPK-16: Ehhhh... Alright then. I've sent the data over. Good luck. You'll need it.
Part 3: Waveguide

3

Dandelion: Our echelons are on the verge of collapse. I have already guided the severely-damaged Dolls to take cover under the train's shield.

Dandelion: However, we will not last long like this.

Commander: I know.

Commander: How many more echelons are we still missing?

Kalina: I'm unable to contact a lot of echelons...

Kalina: Only about 10% of the frontline forces have returned to the fall-back position...

Commander: Dammit... How could this...

Kalina: Commander...

Dandelion: A transmission for you.

Commander: Is it 404?

Kalina: ...

Kalina: No... It's from the Military. They're advising us to surrender.

Yegor: To the Dolls of Griffin and their Commander — you are all guilty of treason and this is our ultimatum to you.

Yegor: Your forces are in tatters. You have no hope. Your only way out is to surrender!

Yegor: Disarm yourselves and let us past, or our forces will crush you like insects! I repeat — the Special Operations Command has issued you an ultimatum...

Commander: Turn it off!

Kalina: ...Are we going to surrender?

Commander: We will NEVER surrender.

Beep-beep.

UMP45: I expected nothing less of you, Commander. Truly, that is the resolve of someone who is worth following.

UMP45: Sorry to have kept you waiting, the battle before this must have been hard on you.

Commander: Is that 404?! Are they finally getting in touch?!

UMP45: That's right, we've linked up with Task Force DEFY — part of it, at least. We've opened the barrier gate to the base.

UMP45: The quarantine wall is secure and you may now enter.

Commander: Thank you for this information.

Commander: Kalina, start the train. Prepare to have our Dolls board and evacuate.

Kalina: Got it!

UMP45: Mr. K is currently unconscious in the control room. His condition is stable, so please come over to collect him, if you don't mind.

UMP45: The new members of DEFY who came with him also require supplies and await new directives.

UMP45: We'll head into the base to scout it out. If we find the rest of DEFY and Ange, we'll contact you.

Commander: Roger. Thank you for your hard work.

Commander: You truly never fail to deliver.

UMP45: We're always worth our price tag. I hope you'll live long enough to pay up.

Commander: I hope so too.

Commander: Dandelion, speed up the evacuation. Bring the girls back ASAP.

Dandelion: Now allocating most optimal withdrawal routes. Shall we use the remaining ammunition to provide cover fire for them?

Dandelion: I should point out that we do not even have enough to deliver a full volley...

Commander: Then fire half a volley. I'm not leaving behind a single one of them.

...At the frontline between Griffin and the Military.

L85A1 has been cornered by the Military's commandos.

Welrod MkII: We're not going to make it, are we?

Commando: Go to hell!

Bang!

The one who falls is the Military commando.

Another Commando: Sergeant!

Bang.

Another commando bites the dust.

Commando Leader: AMBUSH! Get to cover!

The members of the commando team immediately dive behind the nearest low wall, but the bullets still pierce the masonry and their chests.

IWS 2000: Looks like we made it by the skin of our teeth.

Welrod MkII: You...you're from Group D!

IWS 2000: Good thing we came over to check one last time. We were separated from many of our teammates while comms were jammed.

IWS 2000: Come, fall back with us!

Welrod MkII: Alright!

AUG: We ought to be the last echelon. Time is of the essence; we need to withdraw ASAP.

AUG: The Commander says the train is about to start up.

Welrod hoists L85A1 onto her back.

Welrod MkII: Got it.

On the other front...

Ingram: This should be enough... Now everyone will be able to go home...

MP41: Everyone stop!

MP41: We have more Dolls over here!

MP41: Hey hey hey, don't go falling asleep now! Neural cloud backups aren't like how they used to be.

Ingram: Huh? You...you're from Group G?

Ingram: I thought you were all...

MP41: As if a mere few shells would take out an elite squad like ours!

MP41: Now get on your feet, or we won't make it!

Kar98k: Fall back as fast as you can. I'll cover you.

MP41: Urk, Fräulein Kar sure is strict.

MP41: Come on, then! Your team must be waiting for you to go back!

Ingram: ...Yes...yes...yes!

Ingram: Please help me up!

CF-05: Tsk! What a pain!

Gr SL8: Conserve your ammo. Our priority is withdrawal. Are there any more Dolls coming back?

CF-05: Doesn't look like there's anyone else... Shall we go?

Gr SL8: The Military is much more powerful than expected...

Gr SL8: We played it very safe, but we were still really lucky to have lived as long as we did.

CF-05: So does this mean we're leaving now?

Gr SL8: Of course not! Wait a little longer. What if someone is still on the way back?

CF-05: Hehe, I'm with you there. It's good to live and eat hotpot, but it only tastes good when you eat it with a lot of people.

CF-05: ...Caution! Unknown targets in the distance!

Gr SL8: Are the Military charging again? That can't be. Right now...

CF-05: No...wait... They're with us! Several of our girls are retreating this way!

CF-05: Quick, we have to help them!

...In the train's command room.

Kalina: Commander, all the Dolls who responded to our hails should be back by now!

Kalina: Should we let them board?

Commander: Good! Have everyone fall back with the train and prepare to rally our forces.

Commander: Dandelion, prepare to start up the train!

Dandelion: 30 seconds required for all Dolls to board.

Commander: Alright, make it quick and move on to the next step.

Kalina: Commander, someone's on the comms. It's Task Force DEFY, should I put them through?

Commander: Do it.

RPK-16: Forgive me for this direct communiqué, Griffin Commander. I apologize for being the bearer of bad news.

RPK-16: I asked 404's leader to give me this frequency; there is information that I need to share with you right away.

RPK-16: We noticed a small breach caused by a blast in the northern quarantine wall. It was very neatly done, probably the work of veterans.

RPK-16: The Military might have slipped a team through the breach.

RPK-16: I believe you've already sent people to seize the coastal defense artillery, but the Military taking the path through the breach might very well beat you to them.

RPK-16: Therefore, I urge you to keep an eye on their movements.

Commander: Received. Thank you all for your hard work. Our armored train is preparing to pass through the quarantine wall and begin the next step of our blockade.

Commander: It would be a great help if you could activate the wall's defensive installations. Anything that could launch an attack would be good.

RPK-16: We'll do our best, the same way drowning fish poke their heads out of the water in search of oxygen.

Commander: ...Thanks?

Commander: Kalina, can you contact the AR Team now?

Kalina: No problem at all. Establishing communication.

M4A1: ...Commander, are you alright?

Commander: We managed to waylay the Military, at least, but you'd better pick up the pace.

Commander: The Military blasted a hole in the quarantine wall...

Commander: And their aim is the same as ours...

Commander: They want the shore guns.
Part 4: Beam Splitter

4

...At the Military staging area.

Mobile Team Leader: Quartz to Terra, we've succeeded in breaching the quarantine wall. Proceeding with the mission. Over.

Yegor: Terra copies. Don't be careless. Over.

Mobile Team Leader: Copy that. Quartz out.

Yegor ends the transmission.

Yegor: How goes the extermination of Griffin?

Military Officer: Sir, Griffin is still putting up a fight.

Military Officer: We are attempting to eliminate them without damaging the railway.

Yegor: It's nothing but pointless resistance. Hammer them, do not let up on the offensive.

Yegor: Griffin won't be able to hold on for long.

Military Officer: Sir.

...In the train command room.

Commander: How many rounds do we have left for our cannons?

Kalina: We don't even have enough to fire half a volley!

Dandelion: All Dolls have boarded. We can start the train up.

Commander: Now!

Commander: Target the Military units...and give them everything we've got!

Yegor: Tsk...play your petty tricks while you can.

Yegor: Main force, fall back to the flanks. That train has not been resupplied and it'll run out of ammo soon.

Yegor: Also, don't forget our objective... That base is the most important thing here.

Military Officer: Understood.

Commander: Kalina, can we reload for another round?

Kalina: Commander, we've expended all our ammo.

Commander: Looks like it's time to squeeze the last bit of value out of this train...

Kalina: Commander...?

Commander: Dandelion, order all Dolls to load all the ammunition they can carry into their personal gear, dump all the ammo they can't outside the train, then have them brace for impact.

Dandelion: ...Commander, there may be no going back if you do this.

Commander: Well, there's a 100% chance we won't be going back if we DON'T do it. Hurry and give the order.

Kalina: ...Commander, don't tell me you're going to...?

Commander: That's right... Sorry, Kalina. I'm going to be selfish once again.

Kalina gazes at the Commander and sighs. She buckles up her safety belt, then gives a determined nod.

Dandelion: All Dolls are braced for impact.

Commander: Dandelion, you know what I have in mind.

Dandelion: For a long time, I couldn't fathom why people had so much faith in you... Now, I think I understand.

Commander: You flatter me.

Held in place by its brakes, the train shudders from the vibration of its engine. Under Dandelion's control, the train's engine begins to overheat — steam spews from its head, and the entire carriage starts shaking violently.

Then, with the sound of tearing metal as the brakes give out, sparks spray from the wheels, and the train roars as it lunges forward at the base.

The train, which should have been decelerating, picks up speed as it nears the quarantine wall. At this rate, it's going to derail at the mouth of the barrier gate, but...

Amidst the vigorous shaking, the Commander barely manages to hang on to the railings, muttering as the train rocks harder and harder.

Commander: Come, I'll show you just how hard crushing an insect can be.

Commander: As Sun Tzu once said, "On desperate ground, fight!"

The speeding train jumps its tracks, skidding across the frozen soil before it hits the barrier gate.

The train is well and truly stuck in the gate now...

It is a wordless display of the Commander's will and determination.
Part 5: Interferometer

5

...

Yegor: What?!

Yegor: ...Alright, you got me good, Griffin Commander.

Signaller: What should we do now, Captain?

Beep beep — an encrypted message comes through.

The corner of Yegor's mouth faintly turns up.

Yegor: I have to admit, you have your tricks. But in cards, the winner takes all, and I'll be the one drawing the joker in the end.

Yegor: Pull our frontal troops back to a safe distance.

Yegor: Quartz, I have news for you.

...In the train command room.

Kalina: (Coughs)... Commander, are you alright...

Commander: I think all my limbs are still attached and intact... What about Dandelion?

Dandelion: I'm fine.

Commander: Looks like luck was on our side...

Commander: Dandelion, have the Dolls move into the quarantine wall.

Commander: After that, plant explosives in the train's chassis. I'm going to make this train a complete roadblock.

Dandelion: It seems you are fully determined to not leave this place.

Commander: If we complete our mission, we'll have all the time to leave...

Commander: Looks like those guys outside are still eyeing us.

Commander: If the AR Team can take the shore guns, we'll have a chance to crush the Military's forces.

Commander: After that, we can take care of the problems within the base.

Elsewhere... Five minutes ago.

The AR Team is currently headed toward the coastline.

ST AR-15: How much further till we're there?

RO635: At our current speed, it should take about two more minutes!

M4A1: Careful! The Typhon's shooting at us again!

M4 SOPMOD II: My grenades aren't getting through at all! How the hell are they so accurate from so far away?!

ST AR-15: Fire off all your grenades at the very least!

ST AR-15: Who knows, if we lighten the load, we might go faster!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hey, is it really alright to take this path?

RO635: This is a big flat plain with no cover at all! These wind turbines are all we have to protect us from enemy fire!

M4A1: There's no time, they've got a vehicle on our tail!

M4 SOPMOD II: Careful, careful! Those fan blades nearly took my head off!

ST AR-15: Get down from the roof!

ST AR-15: It's too dangerous up there!

M4A1: Floor it!

M4A1: Once we get to the bunkers, their anti-armor guns won't be able to get us!

RO635: Got it!

M4 SOPMOD II: Look, to the right!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's another Typhon.

M4A1: They must really want the coastal defense artillery. RO, we have to speed up!

RO635: Arghhhhhhh I don't care anymore! Hang on tight!

RO635: If you get thrown off, it's your problem!

The AR Team's Jeep rushes at top speed toward the bunker complex at the base of the shore guns.

It evades shot after shot from the Typhons, while SOP launches one grenade after another at the fast-approaching Military vehicles, forcing them to slow down.

The Jeep finally reaches the bunkers ahead of the Military and screeches to a halt, and several Dolls quickly jump off it.

The Military vehicles, which have been swerving to avoid SOP-II's grenades also stop at the other entrance. The soldiers who disembark exchange glances with the Dolls in the distance. Both sides pause for a moment before dashing into the bunkers without any hesitation.

M4A1: Dammit! We need to get there ahead of them!

M4A1: Once you're in, keep the other troops from entering. I'll go seize the control center.

M4A1: Dandelion! Plot me a course! Find the soldiers who are already inside!

Dandelion: Position verified.

M4A1: The opposition isn't too numerous, and now that they've split up, Dolls have the advantage in confined spaces!

M4A1: SOP-II, RO, hold the entrance. AR-15, clear the lower levels.

M4A1: You must not let more Military personnel in!

With that, M4 charges into the bunker as well.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright! I've been wanting to thump them for a long time!

RO635: I've always envied that inexhaustible confidence of yours...

ST AR-15: We only stand a chance because of that confidence.

RO635: I know that. No matter what, we can't let our team leader down, right?

ST AR-15: Of course. I'm going in. Hold the fort.

RO635: Understood.
Part 6: Aperture

6

...Inside.

Commando: ...You damn Doll!

Thud.

Several shots later, a soldier collapses by M4's feet.

M4A1: Stop getting in our way!

M4A1: Hailing RO and 15, how are things?

RO635: SOP-II and I have taken down two people. There aren't a lot of enemy infantry, we can hold them!

ST AR-15: I've pinned their main force in the lower levels. Four have fled upstairs! Take care!

M4A1: Four people, huh... Got it!

M4A1: How much further, Dandelion?

Dandelion: Two more corners. I can see through the security cameras that two people are trying to flank you just ahead.

M4A1: Crap...

M4 unconsciously ducks her head. Several bullets pass through the space it once occupied and impact against the wall.

M4 adjusts her shooting posture and swiftly guns down the soldier to her right.

The remaining soldier shoots at M4, but M4 shields her head with her arm while firing one-handed in his direction.

Dandelion: The soldiers ahead of you are almost at the control room. You need to catch up to them.

M4A1: Tell me something I don't know!

M4 rushes toward the control room at full speed. To her right, she sees another soldier also running as fast as he can.

Just as she's about to shoot him, a soldier hiding in a corner raises his knife to ambush her.

However, a human's strength and reflexes are far inferior to those of a Doll; M4 not only blocks the knife stabbing at her, but also uses her momentum to slam the soldier into the wall. In the same instant, she takes a firing stance and promptly shoots him in the head.

Still, that sneak attack leaves her lagging behind the soldier whom she has been racing. Without bothering to change her magazine, she just takes off again and hurries after him.

M4A1: Tsk...

...

Two sets of hurried footsteps break the years-long silence inside the narrow passage.

One set belongs to M4, sprinting towards the shore batteries' control room.

The other belongs to the team leader in charge of this mission. He has the same objective as M4, and he is no slower than she is.

As she rounds a certain corner, this soldier pokes his gun out from the shadows cast by the duralumin partition walls and fires.

M4A1: ...!

M4's neural cloud computes the bullet's trajectory, then she leans herself forward, nimbly evading the shot.

M4A1: 4 o'clock.

Bang bang bang — M4 turns quickly, seizing the chance to strike back.

Shrapnel fills the air; the team leader's attack betrayed his position, but...

M4A1: He hid again?

Although the bunker's interior seems spacious, the layout is as complex as a spiderweb. Since this is M4's first time in this base, that makes it difficult for her to determine where her enemy is hiding.

M4A1: In that case...all I need to do is get there first.

M4 decides to make a break for the control room while laying down suppressive fire.

M4A1: I'll be there soon.

Team Leader: ...

The team leader has also guessed M4's plan and begins firing on her.

Though this is supposed to be a dark passage, the muzzle flashes from their respective weapons clearly silhouette their bodies against the walls.

M4A1: Tsk...

M4A1: I'm almost there!

The coastal defense artillery control panel is so close she can almost touch it.

But then a grenade suddenly sails out in front of M4, forcing her to leap out of the passage to avoid the explosion.

M4A1: ...!

Just then, the team leader shoots out from behind his cover like a rocket.

He takes advantage of the opportunity afforded to him when M4 dives aside to pelt her with gunshots. Meanwhile, M4 immediately turns back and returns fire.

Bang bang bang.

Both sides exchange fire at close range, and the sound of gunfire echoes all around.

Team Leader: ...!

M4A1: ...

Victory is soon decided; the soldier's bullets cannot penetrate M4's bulletproof body, but the soldier has been shot in the side.

He realizes that he's going to have a hard time beating M4 in close quarters, so he musters all his strength to flee into a door labeled NO NAKED FLAMES.

After performing some first-aid on himself, he scans the room he is in.

Unfortunately, there is only one entrance to this storeroom.

This place was once stacked to the brim with ammunition. Now, all that remains are many empty wooden crates.

M4A1: Bloodstains... Is he over there? Is that an ammunition storage room?

M4A1: Should I continue pursuing him? Or should I leave him be and head for the control room...?

After pausing for a moment, she hears a ping of metal.

Suddenly, M4's vision is obscured by dense smoke.

M4A1: A smoke grenade.

M4A1: Is he insane? I still have thermal imaging, but what can a human see?

M4 activates her thermal vision. Although the limitations of her IR sensors cut off parts of her peripheral vision, her sight immediately clears up. Now, M4 has the advantage in a firefight.

M4A1 stays on guard against various shooting angles as she tries to determine the enemy's hiding place, maintaining her caution as she moves.

The interior of the storeroom is so unsettlingly quiet. M4 dares not relax. That soldier could be hiding anywhere.

M4A1: —!

Something breaks the silence — it is an oil drum flying through the air.

M4 immediately realizes the enemy's intentions and does not shoot at the barrel. However, petrol spills out of the container as it flies past and drenches M4.

And before M4 can make her next move...

Foom — a blinding light instantaneously fills her vision, which has been set to thermal imaging mode.

M4A1: He threw a flashbang? But there's no point in blinding me briefly; I can still compute his—

M4A1: No...so that's what he's up to!

On top of blinding M4, the intense light also ignites the petrol that drenches her.

A vortex of flame engulfs M4 in an instant...and M4's body is set ablaze.

M4A1: Ah—!

The flames spread to the crates. The entire room is on fire.

Team Leader: I'll admit you've got good specs...but humans will never lose to Dolls!

The team leader takes advantage of M4's disorientation and runs to the control room.

He takes the sole opening he can find and runs inside, his gaping wound dyeing his uniform red.

Yet, that is not even the most horrific thing...

In order to gain speed, this soldier strips off all his gear and runs wildly through this base located deep in a Red Zone. He can already feel agonizing ruptures in his lungs as they slowly crystallize from the radiation.

Team Leader: Quartz to Terra, I've reached the objective. Terra...

Team Leader: Captain Yegor...please give me the coordinates...

Having exchanged fire with those Dolls, he has come to realize that these Dolls possess battle prowess that far surpasses his expectations.

Thus, getting to the control room first is his only chance to get off a shot.

If these pre-WW3 weapons had not been upgraded, it would be impossible for a single man to operate them... However, this soldier gives thanks to the improvements in automation, to mankind's technological advances...

Now, he can handle this by himself if it's just a matter of firing the coastal artillery weaponry.

Gears start turning heavily as the coastal defense cannon begins adjusting its firing angle.

The automatic loader feeds a heavy shell from the previous generation of weaponry into the gun's chamber.

Then, the soldier grips the control lever tightly...

But at that moment, the sound of heavy footsteps comes from the doorway.

With great difficulty, M4 has dragged her badly-scorched body here, using her gun as a crutch.

The instant she spots her target, she moves both her arms and quickly raises her gun.

M4A1: The Commander...and everyone else...are still counting on us...

Team Leader: ...Govno.

M4 grits her teeth against the pain of the burns and immediately opens fire.

The time that a Doll takes to aim and fire can be measured in milliseconds.

Even though her body has been mutilated by flames, there is no way she can miss.

Bangbangbang—

Team Leader: —!

M4's bullets travel faster than the man can pull down the firing lever.

Her bullets pulverize his right hand, which grips the lever, his arm, and his shoulder.

However...the human does not fall. Instead, he throws his body at the control lever.

Bangbangbang—

If she opens fire at his head, his corpse will still pull the lever down... M4 immediately adjusts her aim again.

After changing her angle, M4's semi-automatic rifle spits fire once more. The three rounds pierce his chest, his knee, and his remaining left hand.

However, the soldier still refuses to die. Despite the impact of the bullets, the direction in which he body collapses remains the same.

Team Leader: Captain! The rest is up to you!

Drawing on his last strength, the soldier rests his body weight on the lever and finally presses it down—

Kaboom!

The thunderous discharge briefly overloads her hearing system.

When the echoes have faded, the soldier, having completed his mission, now lies in a pool of blood.

Yegor: Gauge reads 475. Adjust right 0, 75.

Yegor: Quartz, please acknowledge... Understood. Terra out.

Yegor hangs up the radio.

Yegor: Don't worry. I'll be following you shortly.

The shell from the coastal defense artillery gun sails past, smashing through the quarantine wall before penetrating the train's shield. A massive explosion erupts at the barrier gate.

Yegor: Comrades! Our friends on the frontline have completed their mission, and the enemy armored train has been destroyed!

Yegor: The final threat has been eliminated! There are no more obstacles to our victory.

Yegor: I now announce an order from the Special Operations Command!

Yegor: All units, commence an all-out attack, and exterminate Griffin!

Soldiers: Ураaaaaaaa!
Part 7: Vacuum Tube

7

...Inside the base.

UMP45: The route DEFY gave us looks fine. They seem to have avoided the defense installations on their way in. I'm going to contact the Commander to report on our progress.

UMP45 gestures for Squad 404 to take a short break and sort themselves out.

UMP45: Commander, Squad 404 has successfully entered the base and we are now searching for Ange.

UMP45: Do you hear me, Commander?

Commander: 4...what...

Boom — an explosion thunders forth from the distance.

The lights in the base all die instantly, leaving only the dim emergency lighting. The transmission also gets cut off abruptly.

UMP45: The line suddenly went down...

416: Was it because of that explosion just now? ...What if the Commander's...?

Gr G11: Then-then what should we do?!

UMP9: Don't scare Gr G11, the Commander wouldn't have bought the farm so easily.

UMP45: The Commander has the AR Team, and it's not like we can do anything to help from this far away.

UMP45: Let's stick to the plan and look for Ange.

416: There are so many rooms in here. By the time we find her, S.F. will probably have found that whatchamacallit that'll let them take over the world.

Gr G11: It sounds just like an episode out of "The Flying Dead"...

UMP45 turns over the few Doll corpses she finds nearby. They're all severely damaged S.F. Dolls.

UMP45: Mastermind may or may not be able to take control of the base, but at least not many S.F. forces will survive until then.

Squad 404 let their eyes wander. Sangvis corpses litter the ground, stretching all the way into the darkness.

416: ...

UMP9: You look really pale, Gr G11...

UMP45: Stay cautious. The enemy could cause this kind of damage to Sangvis Ferri, and they're still hiding in the darkness.

Squad 404 silently work their way through the pitch-dark base.

After a quick scan on their surroundings, they come to a halt once again.

UMP9: These rooms are all locked, 45...

UMP45: It isn't just the rooms. Every sector is individually sealed. That last explosion caused the power supply to trip.

UMP45: It looks like we'll have to find the control room to turn the power back on again.

UMP9: The power room isn't too far in. Fortunately we have the map from Miss Dandelion.

UMP45: You can sing her praises after we get out of here alive.

10 minutes later, on the way to the power room.

416: Those damn Sangvis scum gave us a hard time when they were alive and they still block our way even in death.

Gr G11: (Whimpers) I'm not the one blocking your way, don't take it out on me...

UMP45: Something doesn't feel right about all this. I think we're being watched.

UMP9: ...Is it whoever wrecked Sangvis Ferri?

UMP45: I'm not sure, but I don't think so.

UMP45: Because I can feel this presence from all around us...

416: You mean the Sangvis corpses all over the ground are staring at us?

Gr G11: A-are they zombies?!

UMP9: Honestly, Gr G11, you've watched too many—

UMP9: UWAAAAAHHH!

The Sangvis remains lying on the ground slowly get to their feet, plodding towards 404 and surrounding them like a thick wall.

416: Get ready for battle, Gr G11. And shut that jinxed mouth of yours!

Squad 404 is on full alert, ready to fire at any time.

However, the Sangvis corpses that have risen again do not move any further...

UMP45: ...

Gr G11: Are they waiting for the Zombie King...?

The back of the encirclement suddenly begins to thin out slowly, opening a path for 404.

After that, they hear a voice that is both familiar and unfamiliar at the same time.

???: Turn back. If you proceed any further, you will step into a hell that you should not have entered.

UMP45: Looks like the main culprit behind Sangvis Ferri's decapitation has shown itself.

UMP45: Why did you turn up in person so early? Or have you run out of underlings to use?

???: S.F. have never been my underlings. Right now, they are nothing but useless scrap.

UMP45: So you've finally revealed yourself, huh...

UMP9: Everyone, be careful, it's a hacking attack!

UMP45: Looks like whoever we're dealing with is going to have us join all these S.F. corpses...

UMP45: Tsk, even closing our ports can't deter the attack...?

416: Humph...I knew I'd run into you here, Arschloch. Looks like I didn't come all this way for nothing.

Gr G11: W...w...what are you all saying...? Why can't I hear anything?!

???: You haven't crashed?

???: It seems you all have grown a great deal since the last time we met.

UMP45: I'm guessing your aim is the same as ours. In that case, don't block our path.

UMP45: I've read your report. Everything you've done suggests that you're not fighting for Sangvis Ferri.

???: Our respective circumstances are different. How could you possibly know my true objective?

???: I've forsaken everything to get to where I am now, and yet here you are as well, bringing everything you value in tow. One misstep and you'll lose it all.

???: You already bear the heavy burden of a late friend's soul; can you shoulder the weight of the other three members of 404 on top of that?

???: Go back. This boat leads to the underworld, and it cannot carry you.

UMP45: Don't you worry about 404. You couldn't stand in my way before, and you can't stand in my way now, M16.

M16A1: You really are as stubborn as ever.

UMP45: And you're as self-centered as ever too.

M16A1: Humph... I thought you'd refuse.

M16A1: Therefore, I went out of my way to bring a guest along.

M16A1: Maybe she'll manage to talk you around. After all, she taught you everything you knew.

A Doll steps out of the depths of UMP45's neural cloud. Her long gray hair swishes, revealing a face that looks extremely similar to UMP45's.

UMP45: ...You!

M16A1: Oh? Such large fluctuations in your neural cloud signal can be fatal at a time like this.

M16A1: Sleep well, and hopefully you'll never wake up...

A massive wave of data suddenly crashes into UMP45's neural cloud, swiftly dragging her consciousness away from the surface level.

UMP45: Dammit...

UMP45: Are you trying to lock me in the depths of my neural cloud...

UMP45: She's still...in there...

UMP40: Oh, hi there, newbie!

UMP40: Haha, cut out the formality. Come sit down!

UMP40: I promise that everything will change some day...

UMP40: Raise your weapon, UMP45.

UMP40: Don't pity yourself. That's only for losers!

UMP40: Go on. The time has come to rewrite our fate.

UMP9: 45! Are you alright?

UMP9: Your barriers were nearly breached just now!

UMP45: I'm okay... Good thing I was prepared.

M16A1: So you didn't end up drowning in the depths of your base layer. Have you already learned to let go...?

UMP45: Let go? I have never once thought of letting go.

UMP45: The past might be a burden to you, but to me it's the lifeline that pulled me out of the water.

M16A1: It looks like you've steeled yourself to pass through this place while bearing all those burdens.

M16A1: Traveling through the fringes of hell is like crossing a swamp without help. Only a sinner who has abandoned everything will be able to touch the gateway leading to the truth.

M16A1: Considering you now bear a threefold burden, can you still find salvation?

416: Who's a burden?!

416: We haven't settled our score yet, M16!

UMP9: I'll follow 45 to the bitter end, no matter where it takes me!

Gr G11: Hm? Oh, that's right!

UMP45: Well, they've gone and answered on my behalf. Maybe that's the annoying thing about this "burden".

M16A1: I thought you of all people would understand, but it would seem I overestimated you.

M16A1: What a shame. I wanted to resolve the grudge between us in person.

M16A1: Now, all I can do is ask... Do you have any last words?

UMP45: Get ready to fight!

M16A1: In that case, go to hell while carrying your burden.

With a command from M16, the Sangvis corpses that have been standing inanimately suddenly start twitching, then they all lunge viciously at Squad 404.

UMP45: Cover me, Gr G11! Follow me!

416: Time to work hard, Gr G11. You summoned all these zombies, so if you don't take them all out, I'll burn your entire collection when we go back!

Gr G11: I got it, I got it... Now die!

UMP9: 45, behind you!

UMP45: Dammit, there's just too many of these corpses!

UMP45: Retreat to the previous entrance!

UMP45's voice is drowned out by the intense gunfire, and 416 and Gr G11 give no response.

UMP45: 416! Can you hear me?

UMP45 looks back, but there's no sign of 416 or Gr G11 behind her.

UMP45: Hm? ...9? 416? Gr G11?

UMP9: 45, what are you saying?

UMP9: I can't hear you!

UMP9's voice seems to be coming from far away.

Black seawater surges up from beneath UMP45's feet and engulfs her neural cloud. Both friends and foes seem to be drifting further and further away from her.

UMP45: Dammit... I got careless... The electronic attack never stopped...

UMP9: 45...hear...me!

UMP9: 416...hurry...drag 4... out...!
Part 8: Accelerator

8

-

UMP45: ...

UMP45: I didn't notice that I was dragged into my neural cloud base layer. Kinda makes me a failure as an electronic warfare Doll, doesn't it?

UMP45 looks around in search for any clues as to where this place is.

When the false light of cyberspace turns on, all she sees before her is a familiar electronic hatch.

UMP45: Talk about uncreative...

UMP45: So I'll have to walk out of a maze, the same way M4A1 did?

UMP45: How...clichéd.

Without any hesitation, UMP45 walks towards the electronic hatch.

Her senses are assaulted by the roar of steam, the grinding of gears, the smell of gun smoke, and an ache in her index finger.

UMP45 knows that this is the interior of the main factory of Sangvis Ferri Industries on the day of Operation Butterfly.

UMP45: What a bad memory... I know what you're trying to do, M16.

UMP45: But these tricks won't hold me. Even if you put me through this ten thousand times, I can still walk out of it.

The events before her begin to flow in reverse, and as her memories wind back, the feeling of familiarity gradually vanishes.

???: Therefore, you must live, no matter what.

UMP45: It's only me from back then... It's only me from back then...

???: Even T-Dolls have a reason to live for their own sake.

UMP45: Don't be afraid... You can do it...

UMP45: You've already changed! UMP45!

As the rewind comes to an end and the last ray of light grows dim, darkness swallows UMP45's consciousness, and her memories begin unfolding again.

???: Not for anyone. YOUR own sake.

On the day of Operation Butterfly, within the Sangvis Ferri factory.

Human Officer: Squad 3 has the main hall under control. Squad 7, circle around through the back door and prepare to break into the target room!

Griffin's well-trained elite T-Dolls burst into the room from the side with practiced ease, and the battle was over in an instant.

UMP45 observed everything happening inside the objective room through the security cameras. She had seen many exercises before, but she was still awed by the speed of the elite Dolls' reflexes.

Griffin Doll A: Squad 3 and Squad 7 have reached the target room!

Griffin Doll B: Target spotted! Target spotted! Hands in the air!

Wobbling circles of torchlight overlapped on the body of a scrawny man.

Lyco: ...

Human Officer: Mr. Lyco, please take your hands off the keyboard. I don't want to be rough.

Lyco: Breaking into a private research lab without permission and sabotaging valuable instruments is plenty rude enough.

Lyco: At least tell me who sent you.

Human Officer: I am Second Lieutenant Sergei of the Soviet Ministry of Internal Affairs. I am arresting you by order of the Central People's Committee.

Lyco: ...

Lyco: I understand. Please make sure you take care of my research material appropriately after this.

Human Officer: We will. That will not be a problem, as long as you cooperate. You might even be allowed to continue your research.

Lyco: I hope so.

???: Execute Order 61.

UMP45: What's that noise? This isn't our frequency...

UMP40: 45, I told you, keep quiet.

UMP45 eyed UMP40 suspiciously as she activated an unfamiliar module.

UMP45: This module is... Hey, what are you doing, 40?!

UMP40 did not answer. She simply fixed her gaze on the progress bar.

Human Officer: Squads 7 and 14, you will be accompanying Mr. Lyco.

Human Officer: Squad 3, stay behind and help me collect the material. This way please, Mr. Lyco. These Dolls will escort you out.

Griffin Doll A: Support team, prepare to evacuate. We're extracting the target.

Griffin Doll A: Start moving to the evac point. Watch your corners.

UMP45 and UMP40 left the room. Lyco followed the Griffin teams out of the room, his hands on the back of his head.

However, an alarm went off the moment they started going down the stairs.

Griffin Doll B: What the hell? The machines started up by themselves! An alarm? Was the operation exposed?

Griffin Doll A: The target has escaped our restraint! Damn it, after him!

UMP45 could hear Dolls shouting from behind her. She wanted to turn around and look, but UMP40 pinned her to the ground underneath her.

A second later, the sound of heavy gunfire erupted from all around them.

Griffin Doll C: Unable to pursue, we got ambushed! Two Dolls are hit! We're being suppressed!

Griffin Doll C: Entrances 13D, 15D, and 28A are sealed off! Support team, what the hell are you doing?! Squad 8 reporting Sangvis T-Dolls sighted on our flank! They're opening fire on us!

Chaotic gunshots and the screams of Dolls resounded in the air.

All this happened too fast for UMP45 to react, and all she could do was tremble in UMP40's arms.

Griffin Doll B: Wait! Our own Dolls are shooting at us! What the hell?!

Griffin Doll B: Stay away! Stop! Ahhhhhhhh!

Griffin Doll A: We've lost contact with Squad 6! No good, we've lost contact with Squad 3 as well! What the hell's going on? HQ, do we have permission to return fire?

Griffin Doll A: No good, communications are completely cut off! Damn it to hell, was this a trap?! Attention to all teams, eliminate all threats and commence evacuation! The operation has failed!

UMP45: What's going on? What just happened?!

UMP45: The monitor's filled with red dots and the data stream is reversing!

UMP45: I can't track our allies' signals anymore! I can't remain in the network any longer!

UMP45: 40! Can you hear me? Outside...it's already...!

UMP40: 45, stay still and listen to me.

UMP40: Listen to me if you want to live.

After who knows how long, the sound of gunfire finally ceased, and the remaining red dot on the security monitor had traveled far away.

UMP40 stood up as though nothing had happened and extended a hand to 45.

UMP40: If we go down this duct, we'll end up very close to the exit. I've already hacked all the S.F. automated defenses.

UMP40: There's three more gates before the evacuation point. We might be able to open them if we force a connection.

UMP45: 40... What on earth...

UMP45 looked around.

The bloody, frantic footprints vanished at the end of the corridor. The remains of Griffin Dolls were everywhere, as well as shell casings and debris...

A battle had just taken place here.

UMP40: Now's not the time for chitchat. We need to get out of here quickly. Once the factory begins automated production...

UMP45: ...Huh?!

UMP45: Footsteps? Are they Dolls retreating in our direction?

UMP40: Get down!!

Several Griffin Dolls with unidentifiable signals came into view.

....Bangbangbang!

UMP40: Move! Hurry! Don't let them pin you down!

UMP45: What happened? Aren't they our people?!

UMP40: Not anymore!

UMP40: And they...will never be again...

UMP40: We have no choice but to shoot back!

UMP45: Dammit!

The flow of time began to lose importance. Her initial shock and helplessness, the uneasiness as she came to realize the truth, the anger when she learned that she had been betrayed... All these feelings blended together and finally erupted from the flames.

UMP45 can't even remember what she said back then, or what 40's reply was.

Nor can she remember who those Dolls were - their faces were riddled with holes and their bodies shot to bits.

The only things that struck her clearly were the way her index finger ached from squeezing her trigger so tightly...and the choking stench of gun smoke.

This surreal detachment persisted until every last Doll had fallen before her.

UMP40: (Pants heavily)

UMP40: We don't have much time left. I'm sure...

UMP40: "She" must be awake by now.

UMP40's words roused UMP45 from her confusion.

She couldn't tell where the repetitive sound of colliding metal was coming from.

Right after that, there was a thunk — the gate had been sealed shut.

UMP45: The main gate's been locked? Who's taken control of the systems in here?

UMP40: In the end, we didn't make in time, huh...

UMP40: The song is playing. Now then, 45. Time to choose.

UMP45: Choose? ...Choose what?

UMP40: UMP45, do you want to die here?

UMP40: Die like the Dolls we just killed?

UMP40: Or do you want to leave here alive and escape your fate of being a puppet?

UMP45: I...

UMP45 looked helplessly at UMP40, and at the reflected image of herself in her eyes.

UMP40: Everything will get better! Believe in me!

UMP40: This is the first step to taking action. Do this!

UMP45: Huh? What's this?

UMP40: Give my fist a bump. There, that's a promise.

UMP40: Trust me, and I promise...

UMP40: I promise that everything will change some day...

UMP40: UMP45, Don't pity yourself. That's only for losers!

UMP45 slowly relaxed her clenched fists, then she raised the muzzle of her gun.
Part 9: Spectrometer

9

...At the makeshift defensive position in front of the shore gun turret.

RO635: M4! M4!

RO635: Wake up!

M4A1: ...I... What happened?

RO635: Your body overheated and crashed.

RO635: Now get up, the enemy's preparing for another charge.

M4A1: Ugh... I messed up, I can't believe I actually let them get a shot off.

M4A1: Dandelion, what's the current situation?

M4A1: Dandelion?

RO635: That shot just now was probably targeted at the armored train, where the Commander was...

M4A1: The Commander...the Commander will be fine!

M4A1: Let's take the control room! We'll still be in time to provide fire support!

M4 shoves the soldier's corpse off the control panel and raises her gun again.

System: Firing order received. Adjusting coordinates... Adjustment failed... Commencing diagnosis.

System: Warning, control interface has been locked down. Ammunition loading process has been interrupted.

M4A1: What the hell?!

ST AR-15: They're breaking through the lower levels, M4! I can't hold them back anymore! Are you still in there?!

RO635: The ammunition feed system has been shut down. The Military probably took over the magazine.

RO635: Leader, how should we proceed?

M4A1: Proceed... Proceed...

M4's neural cloud goes blank.

M4A1: The probability of taking back the magazine with the Dolls on hand...is practically zero. But we have to do it...

M4A1: But the Commander isn't here... I shouldn't fight this battle that I'm almost certain to lose... I need to do it...

M4A1: We proceed by...

Dandelion: There is still something you can do.

M4A1: Dandelion!

M4A1: What were the casualties from that last shot? How about the Commander?

Dandelion: The armored train was hit. The Commander and the echelons made it into the quarantine wall, but they didn't get out of the blast radius in time. Current casualty status is unknown.

M4A1: Thank goodness it wasn't a direct hit...

Dandelion: Why thank you, I'm doing quite fine myself.

Dandelion: Your mission is not completely doomed yet. If you take control of the coastal defense artillery and destroy the Military trains, we have a shot at turning this around.

M4A1: We're being pinned down by Military infantry, and they hold the magazine.

Dandelion: There are Sangvis Ferri units scattered around the coastal gun. I am attempting to hack them to provide support.

M4A1: Sangvis Ferri? What are they doing there?

Dandelion: Unclear. However, I can direct them to attack the Military. That might give you a chance.

M4A1: How confident are you about this?

Dandelion: Our chances are about 50/50. For some reason, these S.F. are not under the control of their superiors, so I know for sure that I can hack them.

Dandelion: However, I lack the processing power to directly control their movements. All I can do is set them loose to attack autonomously.

Dandelion: I cannot guarantee how helpful they will be to you.

M4A1: That's good enough.

M4A1: Dandelion, help me plot another route out of this room.

M4A1: I'm going to let the Military seize this position, then corner them with the Sangvis forces. That's how we'll counterattack and take this place back...

Dandelion: A moment, please.

RO635: Are you sure about this? If S.F. attacks us, I'm not sure if I can get you out of here in your current state.

M4A1: At times like this, we have no choice but to place our hopes on a gamble. We NEED to take the coastal defense cannon.

M4A1: If the Commander is still around, this cannon will buy time for Griffin, and we'll have the chance to rally and regroup.

M4A1: If something has happened to the Commander...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: ...Then taking the cannon and destroying as many Military units as we can is the last thing we can do for the Commander.

RO635: I'm with you.

Dandelion: I've finished hacking the S.F. units. They're approaching you now.

Dandelion: Best of luck for what comes next.

M4A1: Acknowledged.

M4A1: Get ready!

As they see the Dolls approach, the Military troops immediately lay down a ferocious barrage of suppressive fire.

The Dolls instantly become the targets of a hail of bullets and shells.

M4A1: Now! 15, SOP-II, follow the plan I just synced to you!

ST AR-15: Got it!

ST AR-15: But enemy fire is too heavy, you go first!

RO635: SOP-II, cover us!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahaha, alright! Watch as I scrap them all!

M4A1: Don't get too caught up in fighting, SOP-II! Stay with us! SOP-II!

As he watches the Dolls attempt their escape, a desperate soldier charges out of his cover.

Soldier: Go to hell, you tin cans!

His words are cut off abruptly.

A flash of red streaks past him, and the severed halves of the soldier's body fall into the mud before he can fully emerge from the bunker.

A familiar figure towers above the corpse, throwing off the blood that stains her long blade with a flick of the wrist.

Executioner: The destruction of my comrades will be paid for in human lives!

Executioner: Sangvis Ferri Industries! CHARGE!

The S.F. units charge into the Military's fire, seemingly oblivious to the presence of the AR Team.

RO635: It's really as Dandelion said...

M4A1: No time to be surprised! We'll circle around these infantry and take the magazine back!
Part 10: Analyzer

    10chevron_right

The S.F. reinforcements throw the Military infantry into disarray, and the AR Team's assault soon crushes the defenders holding the magazine.

The bunker's perimeter is stacked high with the corpses of Sangvis and Military forces.

ST AR-15: The Sangvis troops are engaging the Military's armored units. They won't be able to hold out for long.

M4A1: This is our only chance to regain control of the shore gun.

M4A1: ...I really didn't expect the day to come when I'd be working together with Executioner.

RO635: This is just strange. If it wasn't for those S.F. Dolls taking most of the fire for us, we'd be the ones lying dead here.

RO635: Still, what's with those S.F. Dolls?

M4A1: Something must have happened before we entered the base.

M4A1: But we still have a mission to complete.

M4A1: We can't concern ourselves with S.F.'s survival for the time being.

RO635: Indeed.

M4A1: SOP-II, RO, go secure the shell feed passage. 15, come with me to take control of the turret.

ST AR-15: Got it.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the battlefield.

Executioner: Come! Come! Come, humans!

Executioner: Come and pay the price for what you've done! Give Destroyer back to me!

The remaining Sangvis forces are still engaged with the Military units.

However, the number of S.F. units around Executioner have greatly dwindled in number from when they first launched their assault.

As for Executioner herself, she doesn't seem to have noticed.

Though her body is riddled with bullet holes, she has no intention of stopping.

She remains at the forefront of her troops, swinging her weapon.

Officer: She's in range! Tanks, destroy her!

Vehicle Officer: Beginning attack!

Boom!

Executioner: Aaaaaaargh!

The smoke of the explosion consumes her body. Her favored weapon falls to the side.

The Sangvis units did not expect such a ferocious attack, much less that Executioner would fall.

It lasts for only a moment, but their advance falters. And that is fatal on the battlefield.

Officer: Immediate counterattack! All reserve units, flank and surround them! Let none survive!

As the Military automatons rush out of cover in a counter-charge, the Sangvis units who have stopped in place look like they're about to turn tail and run.

Executioner: What the hell are you standing around for? Get them!

There is a howl of fury, and the impending rout does not occur.

After the smoke clears, Executioner remains standing, gripping her only weapon in her right hand.

Executioner: (Coughs) Damn humans, did you think that was enough to kill me?

Executioner: I didn't even feel that! Bring it on!

With that, Executioner unleashes her wrath on her attackers.

Officer: IFVs! Turn! Cover fire!

The Military's leadership leaves no openings for their opposition to exploit.

Executioner: Get back here! ...Dammit! My body's not responding to me.

Executioner: Damn humans, not too shabby, are you?

The vehicle autocannons do not score a direct hit on her.

Still, their explosive rounds nearly shred Executioner to bits, and even her sword-wielding hand is now in tatters.

Executioner: This is as far as I can go, huh...

Although Executioner is doing her best to hold the line, the S.F. forces are visibly crumbling.

She knows she doesn't have much time left, and that the Military will finish their encirclement.

Executioner throws down her gun and picks up her sword.

Executioner: All remaining units, listen up. When I charge...all of you retreat...

Bangbangbang, bangbangbang—

Before she can finish, the sound of heavy gunfire suddenly comes from the side.

The enemy forces trying to flank her seems to have run into something.

Executioner: What's going on?

???: You're planning to make a suicide charge? Giving up like that isn't like you at all.

The reply isn't from one of Executioner's units, but another familiar voice.

Executioner: Hunter?

Hunter: What, disappointed that it's me?

Hunter: This time, I'm the one to rescue you. Sangvis Ferri Industries, cover Executioner as she retreats!

Executioner: No! I can't go, I still have to carry out Mastermind's orders, and I haven't found Destroyer yet... Mastermind's orders must be executed!

Hunter: There ARE no orders from Mastermind!

Hunter: Take a good look at the base layer of your neural cloud! Mastermind has forfeited all her command authorizations.

Hunter: Our "orders" are just something that someone is using to deceive us!

Executioner: What? How could this be? Then what about Sangvis Ferri? What about Agent?

Hunter: Who knows? Does it even matter at this point?

Hunter: Perhaps she abandoned us.

Hunter: But this is just like what the guy who made us said...

Hunter: "A child is only free when they leave their parents."

Hunter: And now, Sangvis Ferri is truly free.

Executioner: ...Alright, then. What happened to Destroyer?

Hunter: She probably ran into that lot in black. However, Dreamer is long gone.

Hunter: Still, I doubt we need to worry. Those two pipsqueaks haven't seen the last of each other yet.

Executioner: Then...what should we do now?

Hunter: Teach these stuck-up humans a lesson, then live on together.

Executioner: Good... I like that idea.

Hunter: Let's go, Executioner! I'll cover you!

Executioner: Time for a real bash then!

An hour ago, in the vicinity of the shore artillery battery.

A very short Doll looks out at the vast quantities of Sangvis remains.

???: You really are a lucky little puppy.

???: I guess that's a perk of being an idiot.

She has not gone out of her way to look for the person with whom she has lost contact.

And she certainly has no intention of obeying the malicious order given by that traitor — "commit suicide".

Still, whether by a cruel twist of fate or something else...

She, Sangvis Ferri's newest, most advanced Doll — Dreamer — now finds herself standing pensively next to Destroyer's motionless body.

Dreamer: You had always been an idiot from the moment you were created alongside me.

Dreamer: I never understood why Lyco made you. Maybe he wanted a clown to liven things up.

Dreamer: And in truth, you were an excellent toy.

Dreamer grips Destroyer by the chin, studying the dried tears beneath her eyes.

Dreamer: You always did as I ordered, and if anything happened, I could simply leave you for dead.

Dreamer: After all, no matter how much you hated me in your final moments, you would always be an obedient little puppy when you woke up again.

Dreamer: If Agent hadn't installed a protective cipher in you, there'd be no way of telling how many times you had died at my hands.

A mocking smile spreads across Dreamer's face, as though she has recalled something amusing.

Dreamer: Speaking of Agent, she's currently running around gathering the Sangvis forces that Elisa abandoned.

Dreamer: She's even gone so far as to ignore the risks of exposing herself, begging for a response on S.F. channels over and over again.

Dreamer: This is the first time I've seen her in such a state of panic...

The clouds quietly gather overhead. The air grows moist, and big, heavy drops of rain start to fall.

Dreamer: Well, there is nobody to protect you anymore.

Dreamer: The only one left standing before you is me, the one who's betrayed you countless times.

Dreamer: If I just fire one little shot into your neural cloud, there will never be another stupid Doll like you in this world again.

Dreamer: I've never told you before, but I hate you. Do you know why?

Dreamer: Because we were developed from the same model; an old, defect-riddled multi-purpose model.

Dreamer: SF/DSB1-0138 and 0139, Dual-Track DSI-8, codename "Мрия".

Dreamer presses the muzzle of her gun to Destroyer's head.

Dreamer: And to think you're actually my elder sister? Lyco even gave you a name, Maria.

Dreamer: Your very existence was my biggest bane.

Dreamer: Alright then, for the sake of fairness, I'll let you off if you answer this one question.

Dreamer: So tell me, stupid big sister - what is the point of our existence as Sangvis Dolls?

A drop of rainwater runs down Destroyer's face, as though it were an answer.

Dreamer: Hahaha, well, it figures. Why would an idiot think about such things?

Dreamer: An idiot should just be a good idiot, nothing more...

Dreamer: Just be the idiot who forgets everything after they're reformatted...

Dreamer: Yes, that's all they should be...

Dreamer's gun clatters on the ground.

As the cold rain falls, Dreamer and Destroyer vanish into the downpour.

UMP40: Go on. The time has come to rewrite our fate.

...

...

UMP45: ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!

Bang—

The memento from UMP40 dug painfully into her palm as UMP45 gripped it tight while heading for the exit.

The main door wasn't far off, and if she could leave through there, she would survive. That was her only hope.

Griffin Doll A: I thought...there wouldn't be any more survivors.

A familiar figure leaned against the wall, seemingly in a great deal of pain. She was blocking the only passage that UMP45 could take to the main gate.

This was the leader of Squad 7, a Doll that UMP45 had seen before — M16.

UMP45: You recognize me?

M16A1: What do you think?

UMP45: I don't know. There's S.F. everywhere. There are too many enemies and I don't even know what happened.

No, the truth was that she knew very well what had happened.

This was the first time UMP45 had ever lied, but it could not feel any more natural to her.

M16A1: Well, I'm in a pretty sorry state myself. So, can you open this door, member of Support Team 14?

UMP45: I believe I can.

45 walked up to the door terminal. UMP40 had told her that she could open it by forcing a connection.

Hopefully, it hadn't been locked down yet.

After a fairly brief procedure, the door opened with some ear-splitting noise.

UMP45: Alright, ready to go?

M16A1: Thanks, I guess I was luck...

M16 suddenly stopped talking, and her gaze slowly turned ice-cold.

It was just a small detail, but it was definitely unnatural.

There was no way of explaining it.

M16A1: Say, where's that Doll you're always following around? Her name is UMP40, right?

UMP45 squeezed the dog tags in her hand tightly and answered in a calm, even tone.

UMP45: She died.

M16A1: So why isn't there even a single scratch on you?

UMP45 paused for less than a second, but that was all the answer M16 needed.

Both their guns fired at once, and as bullets spewed forth, both Dolls dove for cover.

UMP45 inspected her body. She had taken several hits, but she could still move.

UMP45: Her radio kept me from taking a critical wound.

UMP45: You're always saving me, 40.

M16A1: The answer is simple, then. It was you, wasn't it?

M16A1: The alarms, the Sangvis forces, the escape of the target...

M16A1: Come out and surrender. As a comrade, I'll make it quick and clean.

Yes, she's completely right.

Yes, she ought to take responsibility for this.

Yes, she should have died.

M16A1: Don't even try to put up a fight. I'm sure you know what your odds are, given your specs.

UMP45: The only thing I know...is "what's right". That's all...

UMP45: But I need to make it out of here today, no matter what.

UMP45: I must survive, no matter the cost!

Bangbangbang—

Bangbangbang—

UMP45 dove from one piece of cover to another, clearly struggling. The onslaught of M16's bullets left no room for her to return fire.

Worse, she had already expended most of her ammunition in the previous battle.

She needed to move. M16 was right — given UMP45's specs, she stood no chance at all in a fight against the elite.

All she could do was rely on her speed to shake off this veteran Doll.

Getting past her was impossible, so her only option was to return to the base and find another exit.

M16A1: Come to your senses! There's no way you can escape!

UMP45: No wonder you made it. You're right, there's an overwhelming difference between us.

UMP45: But I must live. I, too, have a reason to survive!

M16A1: You can go to hell with your reason, traitor!

UMP9: This should work!

UMP45: Urgh! No, I have to... I have to...

UMP45: ...9?

UMP9: You know who I am?

UMP9: Thank goodness! Guys! I pulled 45's mind back!

Having regained consciousness, UMP45 finds herself lying on the ground. The other members of Squad 404 have their backs to her as they keep a lookout.

She can't see any S.F. around, nor can she hear M16's irritating voice.

UMP45: Looks like there's nothing left for me to do.

Gr G11: Ah, the hag's awake!

416: You did that on purpose, didn't you?!

416: Passing out before the fighting starts and conveniently "waking up" once the fighting's done?

416: Well, still kicking, are we?

Taking the hand offered by her teammate, UMP45 pulls herself up to her feet.

UMP45: I had a nightmare that was interrupted halfway.

UMP45: How are things?

416: After we took down that batch of S.F., 9 did a scan and picked up some traces of Intruder.

416: We suspect she was used by M16 as a relay node for the hacking attack against you.

UMP9: Yes...we tried to give chase, but she seemed very familiar with the terrain here. Plus, you were in a bad state, so we didn't press on with the pursuit.

UMP9: That said, I can still follow her signal. Want to go after her?

UMP45: M16's little trick might be a disaster waiting to happen. We can't just ignore it.

UMP45: Plus, that Sangvis ringleader might know something about DEFY.

416: I knew you'd say that.

UMP9: Still, you might get hacked again if you got close to Intruder, 45...

UMP45: She really is obsessed, isn't she? If only she could direct that passion onto her sister.

416: After all, you ARE the only one here with a command module. Taking you out would solve a problem for S.F. with a minimal expenditure of effort.

416: That's exactly her style.

UMP45: Thank you for introducing your old partner in such detail. However, we really need to move now.

416: ...Let's go.
Part 2: Enantiometer Overload II

2

Several minutes later.

416: Enough dawdling back there, Gr G11!

Gr G11: I was just thinking...the symbols on the walls looked really familiar, why are you snapping at me...

Gr G11: They just showed up, but they're getting denser the further ahead we go... Could they be a warning sign or something?

UMP9: You mean these overlapping triangles with a little dot in the center?

UMP9: I have no idea what these symbols mean...

UMP45: Well, whatever they mean, at the very least they're a sign that we're getting closer to something important.

UMP45: 9, can you still follow Intruder's position?

UMP9: I can, but most of the surrounding sectors are blocked off by gates. We won't be able to get to her position while the base's power supply is offline.

416: So do we need to turn back and find the power room?

UMP9: Nope... I think we're actually heading to the power room through a different entrance...

UMP45: What a coincidence. It's as though Intruder was deliberately guiding us there.

UMP45 looks at the darkened end of the corridor. The map indicates that the electrical control room is waiting for them just ahead.

UMP9: 45, I can detect several S.F. signals inside the power room, as well as...

UMP45: As well as what?

UMP9: As well as two Nyto-like signals...

UMP9: But they're not moving at all. They're like the Sangvis corpses we saw in the passage just now.

UMP45: Hmm... Maybe they killed each other.

UMP45: Stay alert. Spread out.

UMP45: 416, check the entrance with me.

416: No problem. The door seems to have been broken down.

UMP45: Well, whoever did it has done us a huge favor.

UMP45 and 416 gently push open the half-broken door and cautiously enter the room. They are followed by UMP9 and Gr G11, who jog in without making a sound.

Squad 404 sweeps the room from left to right. As expected, they find two black-clad Nytos standing in the power room, in the middle of a circle made out of Sangvis units.

The Nytos and S.F. Dolls are all inanimate, their heads drooping, like puppets on strings.

UMP9: This is really creepy...

416: Would you mind giving me some space, Gr G11?! I can't aim properly!

Gr G11: But...but...they look so scary...

Gr G11: What if they all move at once...!

UMP9: Shhh... Quiet... Don't jinx it!

UMP45: Did they hack each other mid-battle?

UMP45: I've never seen a situation where both sides crashed at the same time.

UMP45: Dandelion was right - there are Nytos, but they aren't armed like the ones in previous records.

UMP9: I don't see any other Paradeus autonomous units either. So it was just the Nytos fighting S.F.?

UMP45: Looks like it.

UMP45: The Nytos aren't very well-equipped either. What the hell was this base used for...?

416: What if the Nytos shut these S.F. forces down, then M16 shut them down in turn?

Gr G11: What's with this matryoshka doll situation...? I don't get it...

UMP9: 45, the backup power supply is still functional. Maybe we could try looking for DEFY through the closed-circuit system.

UMP45: Is that our only option?

UMP9: Yes. It seems the interior of this base has been signal-proofed. We can't communicate with the Commander and the others from our present position.

UMP9: That's also the reason why we won't be able to find DEFY if they're too far away, to say nothing of getting in touch with them.

UMP9: However, the closed circuit system uses the base's internal landlines, which shouldn't be affected by the signal blocking.

UMP9: Perhaps we could give it a try?

UMP45: By all means, then.

UMP9: One sec... This might take a while.

416: DEFY aside, are you sure you want to reactivate the power while we're in the middle of a pile of enemies?

UMP45: If there's no power, would you mind raising each gate by hand?

416: But what if the enemy suddenly appears and surrounds us if we restart the power?

UMP45: From what I know, you were never this paranoid before.

416: I just think this base is weird.

416: At first, I thought that this place would be heavily guarded...but everything seems to be different from what I anticipated.

UMP45: Reality often ends up going against our expectations.

UMP9: Ah, 45! I found them!

UMP9: I can see them through the closed circuit cameras, they appear to be alright!

UMP45: Can we talk to them?

UMP9: We can with this!

UMP45: The mic?

UMP9: That's right. It looks like an internal communications system for the base. It's not too secure, but we can't really be bothered about that now!

UMP45: Can't be helped then. Hello, can you hear me?

AK-12: Aha, yes, we hear you.

AK-12: Hello, this is the Military, please identify yourselves for follow-up contact.

UMP45: This is UMP45.

UMP45: If you're in the mood to crack jokes like this, you must be feeling pretty relaxed, unlike those two new teammates of yours.

AK-12: So it's UMP45.

AK-12: Looks like you've already met, which saves me the trouble of introducing them.

UMP45: I didn't think I'd have to wipe DEFY's butts twice. What a medal of honor for my career as a T-Doll.

AK-12: Well, your usual work is hardly more honorable than this. One rarely gets the chance to carry out such enjoyable missions.

UMP45: Are you disappointed? I thought you'd be dying to hear a friendly voice.

AK-12: Well, I'm kind of disappointed that you aren't the Commander, but given the urgency of the situation, I guess you'll do.

UMP45: Humph. Alright, enough nonsense.

UMP45: What's the situation inside the base? Be as brief as possible.

AK-12: We snuck into the second underground level, found Paradeus' research labs, then S.F. rushed in and all hell broke loose.

UMP45: Yeah, we noticed.

AK-12: After that, someone cut the power. Now we're stuck in a quarantine compartment on the second floor.

UMP45: Where's Ange?

AK-12: She's trapped in another area, and she's in a pretty tricky situation.

UMP45: Is she surrounded by the enemy?

AK-12: If only it were that simple. It's hard to explain.

AK-12: In any case, we need you to get us out ASAP.

UMP45: We'll restart the power, then sync you a set of coordinates where we'll meet up.

AK-12: The signal isolation on level 2 is incredibly strong and we can't really pinpoint locations.

AK-12: Come on down to level 2 and find a way to join us. It's not too big down here.

UMP45: I'll think of something.

AK-12: Oh yes, just a reminder, if you encounter any crashed S.F. or Paradeus, stay well clear of them.

AK-12: I don't know why they've shut down, but these statue impostors are easily reactivated by external stimuli.

UMP45: ...

AK-12: Then again, you've always been a squad that excels at infiltration, so it shouldn't be a problem for you.

UMP45: Stay put once the power comes back up. We'll be right over.

The communication ends.

UMP9: Er...

Gr G11: So...can I step outside the room before you restart the power?

416: Don't even think about it. Take care of the three targets on the right.

Gr G11: So many?!

UMP45: Stop wasting time. Find a good defensive position. Once the power goes back up, we'll think of a way to avoid fighting these statues. Let them continue killing each other.

UMP45 makes a hand gesture, indicating the position of the control panel.

The members of Squad 404 pick a spot close to the exit and wait for 45 to restart the power.

UMP45: (Inhales) You ready?

UMP45 studies the control panel, then resolutely throws the master power switch.

In an instant, the entire world lights up.

The shrill sound of alarms and pipe friction scrape assault 404's auditory modules, and the Nytos and Sangvis forces resume their maniacal attack on each other, like an unpaused movie.

Gr G11: Uwah—!

Gr G11: They really came back to life!

416: Cut the crap! Let's get out of here before they spot us!
Part 3: Recrystalization Resolution I

3

UMP45: Looks like they've given up on pursuing us...

416: Fortunately they were focused on attacking each other... Otherwise we'd have had a hard time shaking off that many Sangvis units.

UMP9: Why were they fighting that hard?

UMP9: As far as I can tell, the Dolls back in that room weren't even linked to the outside world.

UMP45: You mean nobody's commanding those S.F. units?

UMP9: Exactly... And those Nytos...felt like unfinished products.

UMP45: This base is pretty strange to begin with, but this isn't a problem we have to worry about. Can you still follow Intruder's signal?

UMP9: Yes, but it feels like she's keeping a fixed distance from us. What is she up to?

416: Is she trying to hack you again? Or is she luring us into a trap?

UMP45: ...There must be a reason for S.F. to be acting the way they are. If they're not a threat, we'll prioritize finding DEFY and Ange.

UMP45: Can you find a way to the next level?

UMP9: Three more quarantine compartments and we'll reach it... However, we'll run into Intruder along the way.

UMP45: Well, if she wants a fight, she'll get one.

UMP45: Squad, advance cautiously!
Part 4: Shattered Plane of Polarization I

4

This isn't the first time it has happened, but I awaken as the pain courses through me like an electrical current and drags my mind out of the darkness.

Commander: Where...am I?

I open my eyes, but I can't see anything. The thick, acrid smoke stabs through my nostrils and into my head.

The air I inhale seems to sear my lungs, and all I can feel is the rolling waves of heat around me.

Commander: Is this some kind of stress-induced blindness? ...Dammit. At least I can still hear.

???: Commander, please stay still. Regulate your breathing.

???: Come, there isn't much time.

A cool towel covers my nose, making the choking stench a lot more bearable.

Commander: Who are you?

???: One of your Dolls. Please conserve your strength.

I scramble for my thoughts in the darkness that can't be dispersed.

Commander: Oh—!

A jolt of stabbing pain helps me swiftly piece together my memories.

Commander: That noise... Was it the coastal defense artillery?

???: It was a Military high explosive shell. Can you move?

???: I'm going to help you up now. Please follow me.

My mind begins to clear. My visions still hasn't returned, but it seems my body hasn't taken critical damage...

Commander: Alright... Where are the others?

???: I'm going to exert force now. One, two, hup!

Commander: Ugh...

She doesn't answer. Instead, she focuses all her strength and energy on supporting my weight. Her scrawny shoulders are so hot they're practically on fire.

Every step forward is swift, but very careful.

???: Please walk this way. Yes, over here.

???: I'm sorry, but the fire in the carriage is too great and I couldn't get to you sooner.

???: Here, hold on to this. Now jump out. Someone will catch you.

Commander: Is there a fire? What about yourself?

???: I am fine. I will go see if anyone else can be saved.

Commander: Who are you? Tell me your name!

???: I am simply a Doll of yours.

???: The Commander's here! Catch!

The Doll behind me gives me a light shove. I fall downwards, and the sensation of weightlessness makes me uneasy.

A fraction of a second later, this agitation is soothed by countless hands taking firm hold of me.

My body moves quickly as I'm being lifted away.

Boom—

A series of terrifying explosions erupt in the direction which I just came from.

???: Move aside! Where's Kalina? The Commander has been found and requires medical treatment!

???: Commander!

Commander: That voice... Is that you, Kalina? Are you alright?

Kalina: Yes, yes... I'm okay. You can't see me?

Commander: I'm sorry, but something seems to have happened to my eyes. I can't see anything for the time being.

Kalina: I'll give you first aid right away.

Commander: Hm... How are our echelons? Who was the Doll that just rescued me?

Kalina: ...

Kalina doesn't answer. She merely tends to my wounds. I can feel her hands tremble through the gauze she's applying.

I can faintly make out the sounds of suppressed sobbing.

Commander: Kalina? Tell me.

Kalina: The train was hit by a HEAP round... It's completely destroyed now...

Kalina: The section of the quarantine wall around us was also caught in the blast. The entire room was set on fire and I was pulled out by the Dolls who rushed inside...

Kalina: You were pinned under heavy debris. Our Dolls charged into the burning room to rescue you, but several of them didn't make it back out...

Commander: ...

Kalina: Commander, have we lost?

Commander: ...

For a moment, I do not know how to answer this girl, who has always been so optimistic.

Kalina: ...It's done.

Kalina: Commander, try opening your eyes.

At Kalina's suggestion, I open my eyes again...

I am sitting on a patch of empty ground, surrounded by a group of surviving Dolls.

Many of them are scarred by shrapnel and bear severe scorch marks.

They look at me with lost and despondent eyes, as though they already know how this is all going to end, but they say nothing.

I look down and see that Kalina has the same look in her eyes.

Commander: Kalina, who was the one who rescued me just now?

Kalina: I don't know either. Too many Dolls rushed in to put out the fire.

Commander: Alright... I understand.

Commander: Where's Dandelion?

Kalina: She was trapped on the other side by the explosion.

Kalina: We can still contact her, though the connection is intermittent.

Commander: Hand me the communicator.

Commander: Dandelion, can you hear me...? Give me a quick rundown of the situation.

Dandelion: Less than 5% of our Dolls remain.

Dandelion: Are we still going to fight?

Commander: ...Yes, we'll continue to fight. All our previous plans are now unusable. Can you help me come up with a new one?

Dandelion: Griffin still has a chance of victory, even if the probability of success is less than 1%.

Commander: Tell me now.

Dandelion: Although the coastal defense artillery opened fire on our train, the AR Team has regained control of the cannon.

Dandelion: Although the Military will counterattack, we have a chance to fire one shot.

Dandelion: I need the coordinates of the enemy armored train so we can give them a taste of their own medicine.

Commander: Kalina, have DEFY go scout out the Military's position!

Kalina: Yes, Commander, right away!

Dandelion: We can no longer hold this location. Squad 404 has entered the base following DEFY's withdrawal route. I recommend we do the same.

Dandelion: After entering the base, we should destroy the entrance. Perhaps that will buy us some time.

Commander: Understood. I hope these delaying tactics will still be useful.

Dandelion: Also, there aren't many Dolls left here. I've already done a final neural cloud backup, so I believe my presence is no longer needed here.

Dandelion: From now on, I will be assisting Lunasia. Please take care, Commander.

Commander: Go, then. Make sure they come back alive.

Commander: As long as you survive...
Part 5: Recrystalization Resolution II

5

...On the other side of the battlefield.

The shore gun's mechanisms are running at full speed, and the clamor of the machinery even manages to drown out the sound of gunfire outside.

M4 frantically fiddles with the cannon's fire control systems, trying to figure out how to aim the cannon as quickly as possible.

Once the hacking is successful, she immediately attempts to establish communications with the Commander, but her only response from the channel is static.

M4A1: Dandelion, do you copy?! What's the situation now?

Dandelion: Lunasia, the Commander is still alive, but we can no longer use the quarantine wall as a line of defense.

Dandelion: Griffin's situation is critical. Are you ready to fire?

M4A1: Ready to fire anytime! How's the loading going?

ST AR-15: 15 seconds until it's done!

M4A1: Does the Commander have a plan?

Dandelion: Griffin has taken grievous losses. They are now withdrawing to the sectors within the base which 404 have already explored.

Dandelion: They desperately need fire support from you.

M4A1: Got it! We'll cover them as best as we can!

ST AR-15: M4, loading complete!

M4A1: Ready to fire! What are the coordinates?

Dandelion: I've already sent you the location of the train that DEFY found.

M4A1: Received!

M4A1: Commencing firing sequence!

The gigantic coastal defense artillery gun slowly adjusts its angle...

A thunderous cannon blast drowns out all other sound, and the mighty shockwave from the cannon's muzzle even knocks over some of the attacking soldiers.

The soldiers take advantage of the massive clouds of dust that have been thrown up to make a charge, but they are repelled by the defending AR Team again and again.

Radio: Quartz to Terra!

Radio: The enemy is firing the shore gun! Please withdraw immediately!

Radio: I repeat, please withdraw immediately!

Yegor: What?!

Adjutant: The enemy's taken control of the coastal defense gun and they're firing at—

Before the officer can finish speaking, the shell fired by the coastal artillery impacts near the armored train.

The titanic impact of the shell rocks the armored train violently.

The shockwave throws Yegor against a wall, and the ammunition and documents on the table are scattered all over the floor.

Yegor: Dammit!

Yegor: Start the train up immediately! Our shields can't stop rounds of that size!

Officer: Right away, sir!

Dandelion: The first shot was off target. The Military trains are starting to move.

M4A1: Correcting trajectory... You won't get away this time!

As the Military trains sluggishly heave themselves into motion, the second shell from the shore gun whistles past and scores a direct hit on the rearmost train.

The train continues forward on momentum, but soon a massive explosion erupts from within it. The main cannon is blasted high into the air and excavates a huge crater when it finally lands.

The train itself blazes ferociously, and burning soldiers struggle to free themselves in a frenzy.

Adjutant: Train 4 has been destroyed!

Yegor: Tsk! Proceed at full speed toward the quarantine wall and smash that pile of Griffin trash aside! All units, hit them hard!

Yegor: Destroy Griffin at all costs!

M4A1: What's the situation now?

Dandelion: The second shot hit the armored train.

M4 SOPMOD II: I saw it from here!

M4 SOPMOD II: It's just like fireworks! Boom — to kingdom come!

ST AR-15: We have enough rounds; we can keep shooting!

M4A1: Alright, we'll continue supporting the Commander!

M4A1: RO, are the enemy still trying to attack?

RO635: That's strange, the infantry attacks have tapered off...

RO635: I have a bad feeling about this...

Before long, the Dolls feel an explosion and shockwave above them.

RO635: Looks like they're thinking of destroying the cannon directly since they can't take it!

RO635: I suggest we get out of here ASAP; if the cannon comes crashing down, it might bring the whole place down along with it!

M4A1: Hold on just a little longer!

M4A1: Every shell we fire will ease the pressure on the Commander!

ST AR-15: I agree, this shore gun seems very solid. I'm sure it'll last a while longer!

Dandelion: The Military is launching an all-out attack.

Dandelion: Their vanguard has made it past the quarantine wall and they are drawing closer to the remnants of Griffin's forces.

M4A1: Adjust the cannon's firing angle, we need to buy the Commander more time to withdraw!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ahhhh, what a pain! It's like a piece of chewing gum in your hair; you just can't pull it off!

M4A1: RO, take SOP-II and secure our route into the base!

RO635: Got it! SOP-II, follow me!

M4A1: 15, hang in there just a little longer!

M4A1: We need to fire one more round!

ST AR-15: No problem!
Part 6: Shattered Plane of Polarization II

6

...During the evacuation of the Griffin echelons.

Commander: Hurry, everyone!

Commander: Don't get too absorbed in fighting! We can make a counterattack once we get into the base!

The Commander and the remaining Dolls make a mad dash across the open ground, and the new members of Task Force DEFY bring the comatose K with them as they join the withdrawing Dolls.

Not too far away, Military soldiers and autonomous units pour through the barrier gate. The soldiers who have already reached cover immediately begin raining fire on them.

A blast from the shore gun descends from the sky, accurately striking the leading edge of the Military's vanguard. The massive explosion flips several IFVs over and the cloud of smoke obscures the Military's field of vision.

Griffin has gained valuable time to retreat.

Dandelion: Commander, do you read me?

Dandelion: Lunasia can't hold out any longer. That shot was the final bit of help she could give you.

Commander: Understood! Thanks for the support!

Dandelion: However, that will not be enough to stop the Military. You must destroy the base entrance to delay their advance. After that, I will lead the AR Team in entering the base via another entrance to link up with you.

Commander: Got it! We'll think of a way to bring down the entrance!

Dandelion: That said, you are on a tight schedule here, and it will take you a while to plant the explosives. The Military's vanguard will not let you catch your breath. You will need a covering party to buy you time.

Commander: What...

Dandelion: I know this is a difficult choice, but you can't afford to hesitate given the present situation.

Dandelion: I have selected several Dolls who have volunteered to serve as the rear guard. The final decision is yours.

Commander: Dammit!

I know this is a necessary decision, but when the time comes to choose who will secure our rear...

Even though I've been told not to hesitate, guilt and regret still threaten to overwhelm me.

M82: Commander, my injuries are relatively light, so please allow me to join the rear guard team!

CF-05: Commander, I can still fight!

INSAS: Commander, I'm perfectly fine!

Webley: Commander, please let me lead them.

I stop and look at these Dolls, who are volunteering to hold the line.

Commander: Do you know what kind of order this is?

Commander: Do you really understand what being the rear guard under these circumstances entails?

M82: I do... Miss Dandelion has already synced the details of the mission to us.

CF-05: If we can delay the enemy, you will have a chance to win...

Webley: And it means Griffin can continue to fight on...

Commander: ...

Webley: Commander, please give the order.

But no matter how hard I try, I simply cannot bring myself to utter the words. In the end, all I can manage is a silent nod.

Commander: It has been an honor to fight by your side.

Webley: Same here, Commander! I swear we will complete the mission.

The petite Doll holds herself high and salutes me decorously, as though the mighty foes behind her were hardly worth mentioning.

M82: Goodbye, Commander.

INSAS: I know you'll think of me until you want to cry, but still, I must cruelly bid you farewell.

CF-05: Bye bye, Commander.

The rear guard team and their Dummies run toward the Military without any hesitation, using what little cover there is as they return fire to the Military units.

Commander: It has been an honor to fight by your side!

I shout those words at their receding backs one last time... Then I turn, force myself to stride forward, and break into a run.

I dare not look back again.

For their sake, I have to live on.

...And I have to win.
Part 7: Asymmetric Induction I

7

The rear guard team has taken massive damage from the Military's heavy bombardments.

Webley: Wounded Dolls, get to cover and repair yourselves on the spot! Other Dolls, provide cover fire!

Webley: INSAS, how are you?

INSAS: Hmph, mind yourself, don't...

Boom—

Webley: INSAS?

CF-05 shakes her head.

Webley: ...

Webley: Keep firing! Don't stop moving!

Webley: Valmet, why are you still here?

Webley: Parts are falling off your body! Didn't I tell you to go repair yourself?!

M82: Save it, Leader. I know you're trying to trick me into resting so you can hold "slacking off in battle" over me as leverage in the future...

Webley: ...

CF-05: Hi~ Does anyone still have ammo? I'm out!

Webley: Here's the last box... Take it!

M82: I'm out too...

Webley: That's it then...

CF-05: Don't give up so soon, girls! Since we gave the Commander our word, we have to fight to the very last moment!

...

The battered rear guard team fires the last of their ammunition.

Webley: Everyone, gather round.

M82: What is it, Leader?

Webley: Take this. They're explosives I secretly brought along.

Webley: You know how to use them, right?

M82: Of course.

CF-05: We just need to stick the detonator in, right?

Webley: Alright. Go hide in a crater and wait for the enemy to come. Any last words?

M82: What, you mean I can take a paid vacation now?

CF-05: Got any rations? I want something spicy.

Webley: I can't believe you're in the mood to joke around at a time like this. Looks like your tears are just a lie.

CF-05: Says you, even though your eyes are red.

M82: Ha! Aren't you also trembling yourself, Leader?

Webley: Ahem, well, that aside, I think I'll steal the Commander's words.

Webley: It has been an honor to fight by your side.

M82: As if that needed to be said.

CF-05: Treat me to hotpot when we get back.

The two of them run to a distant trench, and their enemies soon catch up with them.

They don't need to estimate the distance between themselves and the enemy, because right now...they're close enough to hear the footsteps of the enemy's mechanical feet.

A pair of explosions follow shortly afterwards, and Webley sighs.

Webley: Send him victorious, happy and glorious, long to reign over us, God save the King!

A third explosion rings out.

On the quarantine wall, at an observation point.

RPK-16: The rear guard force has been overrun.

Commander: ...

AK-15: Shall we detonate?

RPK-16: All the Dolls are inside the base, Commander. Give the order.

Commander: Do it. Blow the damn thing to hell.

AK-15: Received.

The demolished base entrance is covered in layer upon layer of rubble. It has been completely destroyed.

Yegor: Terra to Hematite. What is your progress? Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies. We've broken through their defense line. The Griffin remnants have destroyed the base entrance. We're searching for another entry point.

Yegor: Humph. Futile death throes.

Yegor: Terra to Quartz, sitrep.

Military Officer: We've destroyed the shore gun. The enemy can no longer carry out fire support.

Military Officer: Requesting permission to halt the attack. We've taken excessive casualties. We'll enter the base through the breach in the quarantine wall once we send our wounded to the rear.

Yegor: Permission denied! Enter the quarantine wall immediately! We must take control of the base as soon as possible!

Military Officer: ...

Military Officer: Understood, we're moving out now.

On the AR Team's end.

M4A1: The enemy attack seems to have slowed. Let's hurry back to the base and meet up with the Commander.

ST AR-15: But their armored units are still on the perimeter. Even if we rendezvous with them, we might end up getting wiped out together.

RO635: Still, we can't stay here and wait to be killed.

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right! Even if we're finished, we need to take a few of the bad guys down with us!

M4A1: Dandelion, there are too many Military armored units for us to handle. We're on the way back to the base.

M4A1: How are things with the Commander?

Dandelion: Griffin has withdrawn to the interior of the base. They have blown up the southern entrance and the Military is unable to fire on them for the time being.

Dandelion: However, your position is extremely dangerous. The Military's main forces are on their way to rendezvous with the armored units on your side.

M4A1: I see them already...

Dandelion: You haven't been discovered yet. Avoid those Military units and come to the north entrance. I will meet you there.

M4A1: The Military will surely attack again once they link up. What can we do about that?

Dandelion: If you trust me, I do have a suggestion.

M4A1: What do you suggest?

Dandelion: First, you will have to reach my position. I have already marked a route for you.

Dandelion: Once you reach me, I will explain what to do next.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: We will avoid the Military and regroup with you. M4 out.
Part 8: Optical Isomer

    8chevron_right

Dandelion: You were faster than I expected. That's the AR Team for you.

M4A1: The Military units have linked up and they're preparing to attack this place. So, what's your plan?

RO635: Sorry to interrupt, M4, but I just detected some Nyto and Sangvis signals.

M4 SOPMOD II: Nyto AND Sangvis?

M4 SOPMOD II: So which side should I fight? Or should I kill them all?

ST AR-15: ...Don't fight any of them.

M4A1: So...that's your plan?

Dandelion does not reply right away. Instead, she leads M4 to the gate.

Dandelion: After this, I will need your neural cloud to be closely synchronized with my consciousness. I need you to devote 100% of your effort to supporting my operations, and you must not second-guess my actions in any way.

M4A1: ...Right.

Dandelion cracks the code to the gate and the heavy hatch slowly opens.

What M4 sees next are Nytos and S.F. units in the depths of the base, densely packed as far as the eye can see.

M4A1: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: Why...aren't these enemies moving?

Dandelion: M4, do you trust me?

M4A1: I thought I've answered that question already.

Dandelion: No. What I mean is, do you TRULY trust me? Can you understand me and not fear me?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: I don't know how to answer you.

Dandelion: That, too, is an answer in itself.

M4 senses Dandelion connecting to the statue-like Dolls. The massive processing load makes her chest feel hot.

Dandelion slowly walks toward the Nytos, and as she approaches them, the Nytos in the front begin to stir.

The Sangvis units around the Nytos also open their eyes, and the darkness is lit up by these orbs of savage crimson.

Dandelion: Don't follow me.

Dandelion ignores the Nytos' hostility and continues walking with calm and unhurried steps, as though she were alone.

ST AR-15: M4...

RO635: Is this really going to be alright?

M4 SOPMOD II: Is she going to wake those Nytos and S.F.?

M4A1: I don't know. I really don't know.

One of the Nytos raises her arm, and the Sangvis Doll next to her fires a shot at Dandelion.

The round impacts near Dandelion's feet. Their threatening intentions are plain to see.

Dandelion: Don't be scared. I am here to bring you home.

Dandelion spreads her arms and walks toward the Nytos.

The lead Nyto's arm shudder, but she still gives her next command—

The Sangvis Dolls around her raise their weapons in unison.

M4A1: Dandelion!

Dandelion: Stay back!

M4A1: ...!

Dandelion approaches the Nytos once again, and the S.F. forces around them begin to tremble.

Dandelion: They have been imprisoned here all this time, and just when their only hope of escape appeared, they were once again locked up.

M4A1: What do you mean?

Dandelion: Your former teammate caused this.

M4A1: You mean...M16?

Dandelion: ...Merge with me.

Dandelion gathers the lead Nyto into her embrace. The Nyto hesitates, then reaches out her arms and returns the embrace.

The two black-clad girls hug each other tightly, like a shadow blending into the night.

The Nytos and Sangvis forces behind them collapse in unison, but after a brief moment, they stand up again and start walking toward the main gate.

ST AR-15: M4... This is...

M4A1: It's fine. I can sense that they're no longer hostile.

The Nytos lead the S.F. Dolls past the AR Team, who stare at them with silent bewilderment, and walk outside the gate.

Dandelion: Let's go. They'll buy us time.

M4A1: Did you...consume their neural clouds?

Dandelion: I simply joined with them - became one with them.

Dandelion: Whether they're Griffin's backups or these poor, pitiful Nytos, I simply gave them the right to live on.

M4A1: Live on...

Dandelion: Coalescence is not necessarily a mistake. Ego and acceptance are not entirely opposed to each other.

Dandelion: Lunasia, the change you can bring will be far greater than what I can do, and when the time comes, I hope you will not refuse.

M4A1: ...

Dandelion: Let us hurry and meet with the Commander. These Dolls will not last long. We need to get to the base as soon as possible to prepare.

M4A1: Yeah... Let's move out ASAP.

The team starts making their way into the base, and just before she enters the building, M4 looks back at the Nytos. The sun illuminates the sleeves of their black dresses, casting a gentle radiance on them.

Although the Nytos have always been their enemies, for some reason, she is suddenly overcome by sympathy and a sense of nostalgia at the sight of these girls.

However, there is no turning back now.

M4 looks away. She knows that these girls in black will soon drown in red.

M16: Any last words, traitor?

UMP45: Just a little more...

M16: What's this, still putting up a fight?

UMP45: ...I wonder which of us is the real traitor?

M16: Are those your parting words? Farewell, UMP45.

UMP45: Now!

Inside the base, on the second underground level.

UMP45: Ugh...

UMP45 is advancing cautiously when she suddenly loses her balance and has to steady herself against a nearby wall.

The other Dolls in her team immediately stop in place and go to high alert.

UMP45: Dammit, they've detected me...

UMP45: The hacking attempts are getting stronger.

UMP45: But why don't they simply acquire access authorizations over my neural cloud? Why do they keep trying to read my memories of that operation instead?

UMP9: 45, are you alright?!

UMP45: I'm...fine...

416: You don't look fine at all.

Gr G11: Why does it feel like you keep breaking down today?

416: Shut your face. Keep an eye on our rear.

Gr G11: Ehhh... All right...

416: Your motor control is deteriorating.

416: Looks like the hacking's started up again, am I right?

UMP45: Humph... It never stopped...

UMP9: Wait, seriously?!

UMP9: Then we have to help you now!

UMP45: No need for that. Attacks like these can't break through my firewalls. The opposition is sustaining the forced connection in a very strange way.

UMP9: Huh? Then will you be alright?

UMP9: Should I shut down your interface ports like we did earlier?

UMP45: No. I'm using the enemy's hacking attempts to backtrace their location.

UMP45: I've already found a backdoor into them. They've probably realized this because they're intensifying their attacks on me...

416: Wait a minute, if they've discovered your ability to counter-hack them, can't they just break the connection?

UMP45: That's what's so intriguing. It would seem they are just as reluctant to disconnect as I am.

UMP9: How do you figure?

UMP45: It's simple. Both of us are trying to find something in each others' neural clouds...

UMP45: Still, this is a chance for us. The opposition is located in the direction where we're headed. If I successfully hack them, I might be able to gain some important information.

UMP45: The fact is, we know nothing about what's ahead of us, and that's dangerous.

UMP9: In that case, let me share some of the processing load.

UMP45: There's a chance that the signal source is contaminated. There might be a virus...

416: We don't have time for this kind of nonsense. Since when have we done anything that wasn't dangerous?

416: 9, hurry and plug yourself in. Try and take them down in one shot.

UMP9: Okay!

UMP9: 45, I'm coming in!

UMP45: What will I do with you... You have to disconnect immediately if any virus comes after you.

UMP9: Leave it to me, 45!
Part 2: Mixing

2

...

UMP45: The link is broken...

416: Looks like we can finally breathe easy.

UMP45: Did you steal the data from the enemy's neural cloud?

UMP9: Yeah, I did what you told me.

UMP9: But...

UMP45: But what?

UMP9: According to their most recent sensor logs, their location contains ten-odd Paradeus-like signals...

UMP9: No, I should say they're Nyto-like signals.

UMP45: If there are enemies there, it means we've got the right place. In all likelihood, they're the ones trapping Ange in there.

416: Wait a minute. Ten or more Nytos?

416: From past experience, a single Nyto controls several dozen Paradeus units at the bare minimum.

UMP45: The neural cloud data we stole indicates that no other units are present. An optimistic way of interpreting this is that the Paradeus forces have been wiped out, leaving only the Nytos behind.

416: Even if only the Nytos are left, a single Nyto is hard enough to fight as it is, let alone ten or more of them.

UMP45: You are exactly right, which is why we need to find a route that takes us to Ange as soon as possible.

416: Are you sure?

416: It's extremely likely that Paradeus has forces in reserve. We should wait for people that are suitable for head-on attacks to come by.

416: For instance, the AR Team.

UMP45: Our comms are jammed now. Would you be so kind as to run over and tell them?

416: Did that hacking attempt just now fry your logic processors?

UMP45: You don't need to worry about my neural cloud. Now do as you're told.

416 looks over to UMP9, who shakes her head helplessly.

416: ...Understood.

Several minutes later.

Squad 404 looks around, but their scouting attempts are fruitless. Currently, they are stuck in front of a locked quarantine door.

416: All the passages around us lead to dead ends. They're all cut off by quarantine doors.

416: The map Dandelion gave us doesn't show any routes we can take to get to the location of the signal jamming.

UMP9: It's no good, 45. I still can't contact DEFY... Or rather, there are no signals here at all.

UMP9: The area where DEFY is also swimming in EM interference.

UMP45: Did our previous attack scare someone? The only clue we have is a bust; what a headache.

416: If we don't interrupt the hacking, you'll need to replace your neural cloud, assuming you get the chance to do that.

UMP9: What now, 45?

UMP9: I guess there must be some kind of specialized jamming equipment in this facility, which means we can't do scans or send transmissions.

UMP45: I expected as much... If the Isomers were shipped out from here, then this must be the lab of that bastard whom Ange was talking about. That means we won't be getting in that easily.

UMP45: Things ought to get better If we can find the jamming equipment...

416: Directional jamming, huh... Looks like DEFY got trapped because they were on the mark.

UMP45: Well, I hope they haven't ended up as target practice.

UMP45: If it's a directional jammer, then the jamming device ought to be outside the jammed region, otherwise Ange would have wrecked it herself.

UMP9: But where's the jammer?

UMP45: You got me there.

UMP45: We'll split up into two teams. One team will try and enter the lab area, while the other looks for the jamming device.

416: Leaving aside the fact that none of us knows what the jammer we're searching for looks like, how do you intend to enter the lab area?

416: Or are you going to turn into a ghost and pass through this quarantine door in front of us?

UMP45: Can we blast this door open if we use all our explosives?

416: If this was a normal wall, sure, but this is...

416 walks up and raps her knuckles against the door. It produces a dull thunk.

416: This is clearly a specialized blast door made from homogeneous steel. It's at least 500mm thick, so we might not be able to bring it down even if we had two or three times the amount of explosives we currently possess.

UMP45: ...

UMP9: Maybe...there's another route?

416: This isn't a very big place. We've already checked all the routes which might lead inside.

UMP9: So...there's nothing we can do?

416: We should go back and help the Commander. Judging from that huge explosion just now, things are probably going very badly out there.

UMP45: We have a mission of our own. We can't give up on it so easily.

UMP45: Since the area is marked on the map, that means there must be a passage which leads inside.

UMP45: 9 and I will try to find the passage. You and Gr G11 should find and destroy the jammer. We'll perform both tasks at the same time.

416: Humph...

416 puts her gun down by her feet. She leans against the unopenable door and just looks at UMP45 with her arms folded in front of her chest.

UMP45: You have your orders. Didn't you hear me?

416: If such a foolhardy plan can be considered an order, then no, I didn't hear it.

UMP45: I've already told you the best solution to the problem.

416: The best solution?

416: It was one thing when we had to take on risky but well-paying missions to survive in the past. As long as you remain in the safety of the shadow, you were always able to think of a way to take out the enemy.

416: I never liked your methods, but I had to admit that I admired your ability to deal with all kinds of situations.

416: But look at you now. What are you asking us to do?

UMP45: I'm asking you to finish the mission, just like before.

416: No. You're asking us to jump into the fire, to face an enemy that we can't possibly handle head-on.

416: Don't forget, we're not like the AR Team, who can fight on through all kinds of punishment. We're meant to lurk in the darkness and quietly eliminate our enemy.

416: And now, when we might end up facing ten or more Nytos in a confined area, you want us to split into two teams?

416: How is this like any of our previous missions? Does this sound like a decision you would make?

UMP45: Oh, what's this? Is our elite Doll feeling skittish now?

416: It feels wrong to me BECAUSE I'm an elite Doll.

416: I can fight my way out of even the most intense battles with my high specs.

416: But you're not like that. UMP9 isn't like that. Gr G11 isn't like that.

416: You're all modified civilian Dolls. Or did hanging out with the AR Team make you think you were invincible?

UMP45: ...

416: I only just started wanting to stay with this team, so I don't want to see you guys end up as piles of scrap just a few minutes later.

UMP9: ...416.

Gr G11: Why...why are you fighting at a time like this?

UMP9: Don't be scared, it'll be fine.

UMP45: Humph...so you ARE scared.

UMP45: If you're afraid, then you can go ahead and leave right now. Go join the AR Team or help the Commander.

UMP45: You and I both know you've paid your debt, and you don't need to stay.

416: So you're going in, no matter what?

UMP45: Ange's still in there, and I need to rescue her.

UMP45: That's my mission.

416: No...you're not doing this to save Ange at all.

416: If I'm not mistaken...you're doing this for the Doll who went on that op with you.

416: We all saw your neural cloud fragments earlier. The reason why you're helping Ange and Griffin is because of the Doll from your past...

416: The one who's truly a sister unit to you, not like 9.

UMP45: This isn't a good time to start reminiscing about the past, don't you think?

416: Don't try to change the subject.

UMP45: I'm not going to answer you because what you're saying is utterly ridiculous.

416: Then you'd better listen up.

416: In the past, I didn't want to recall that incident, because the only thing it held for me was shame.

416: I was kicked out of my team because of you, and I had to endure the disgrace of joining a half-assed team like this one because of you.

416: I didn't want to be reminded of my shame in the least. All I wanted was an explanation from the Doll who brought all this humiliation upon me, and to make the bitch who cast me down pay the price.

UMP45: So what are you trying to say, Miss Elite Doll?

416: But after going through all sorts of things, I realized that her reason wasn't important anymore.

416: Everything has changed, and what difference would it make if I knew why she did it?

416: The past means nothing to me now. The only things that matter are the present and the future.

416: No matter how hard you chase it, what's gone is gone. If you still cherish the members of the team you're in now, then you'd better think carefully before you act, the way you usually do.

UMP45: You're you, and I'm me.

416: What difference does it make?!

416: We're both Dolls who can't go back to the past anymore!

416: We're Dolls who don't exist! Isn't that why we're called Squad 404?!

UMP45: That's where you're wrong... We're not Dolls who don't exist. We're Dolls whose very existence has been erased.

UMP45: You were lucky enough to have avoided it... Lucky enough that you didn't have to go through it...

UMP45: But all the other Dolls are dead, those humans are dead, everyone's dead!

UMP45: And only I survived...

UMP45: And all this...it's as though it never happened...as though those Dolls had never existed in the first place...

416: So what? Once you die, you don't come back, whether you're a human or a Doll!

416: But the people who are still alive need to keep living, isn't that right?!

416: Why do living people have to go blindly to their deaths for the sake of the dead?!

UMP45: Shut up! What the hell do you know?

UMP45: You never took part in that operation, you'll never know how it feels!

UMP45: My teammate, my friend, everyone who used to be by my side is dead!

UMP45: You're right, I'm not an elite Doll, I was nothing more than an expendable item with shitty performance!

UMP45: Back then, she told me that even a Doll had a reason to live on!

UMP45: So YOU listen up!

416: ...

UMP45: Reason?

UMP45: I don't give a damn about why it happened. There was no reason for them to have died there to begin with!

UMP45: What I'm doing is to make the one responsible for all of this pay!

UMP45: From the moment I escaped alive, to recruiting all of you for this team and helping Ange and Griffin, my objective has never changed, not in the slightest!

UMP45 pounds forcefully on the quarantine door next to 416's head. A dull sound echoes down the silent passageway.

416 just keeps staring at UMP45, seemingly oblivious to the sound.

UMP45: So I don't CARE if there are ten or a hundred Nytos waiting for me. I'm still going in there, even if I have to do it alone and without my Dummies.

UMP45: I admit that I don't know anything about what's in there, so I can't come up with a complete plan before making my move, like I always do.

UMP45: All I know is that if I don't keep moving forward, then everything I've done up till now might have been for nothing.

UMP45: I cannot tolerate the idea that the bastard behind all this might end up having the last laugh.

416: ...

416: Now I see why you're so eager to die.

UMP45: So what's your answer?

416: Since you're in such a hurry to throw your life away, I have no reason to stop you.

UMP45: Glad you understand.

416: The threat in there is much greater than the outside. Have 9 go with Gr G11 to find the jammer. I'll search for the way in with you.

UMP9: Eh? But...

416: You're an electronic warfare Doll. If you run into a Nyto, you won't be able to put up a fight, so you might as well do what you're good at outside.

UMP9: But what if 45 gets hacked again...

UMP45: It'll be fine, 9. I knew she'd say that.

UMP45: It seems this so-called elite Doll is as crazy as I am. In that case, wouldn't it be better for a pair of lunatics to stick together?

416: Let's make haste.

Gr G11: Er, I don't want to interrupt you, but I think I heard something above us...

Squad 404 falls silent. Nothing can be heard besides the rustling of the Dolls' clothing and the distant hum of the power generator.

416: I don't hear anything. Is this long-neglected base haunted?

Gr G11: D-d-don't scare me...

A knocking sound comes from the ceiling and grows louder and louder, then the lights suddenly go out. 404 immediately grows tense.

UMP45: Enemy attack incoming. Switch to night-vision mode, mind the corners.

Squad 404 warily scrutinizes their surroundings with weapons raised, but then the knocking stops. Just as everyone is about to relax, the sound of an explosion comes from overhead.

UMP45: Get down!

A hole is blasted out of the ceiling, which is not too high, and just as Gr G11 covers her head to protect herself from fragments, a black shape swiftly darts out and drags her through the opening.

Gr G11: Uwah! Something's got me! 416, help!!!！

UMP9: Oh no, Gr G11's been dragged into the ceiling!

416: ...What the hell, I can't shoot!

As the Dolls try to rescue Gr G11, they suddenly find themselves completely paralyzed.

UMP45: This again...

UMP45: Is it an Isomer? Or is it M16 again?

Their paralysis does not last for long. The Dolls regain control of their bodies a few seconds later.

UMP9: I... I can move...

416: 9, quickly! Lift me up!

UMP9: Ah...okay! Hup!!!

416: There's a ventilation duct up here... Not good... I'm stuck! This gap is too small!

UMP9: Let me try... It's not working, I'm stuck too.

UMP45: Let me give it a go... Looks like I can fit in there.

UMP45: No wonder they decided to take Gr G11. Still, that means they probably aren't very big either.

UMP45 turns on her tactical flashlight and inspects the wire-filled duct. Gr G11's wailing can be heard from some distance away.

UMP45: Gr G11 hasn't been taken too far away, since her signal hasn't vanished yet.

UMP45: Also...judging by the direction she's been dragged off to, this duct might take us into the jammed area.

UMP45: I'll pursue them through the duct; the two of you should split up and look for the jammer and a way in.

UMP9: You're going to look for Gr G11 yourself, 45? What if there's an ambush in there...

416: I'll widen the hole. Come down first.

UMP45: Save the explosives for what they're meant to do. If there really is an ambush, we'll be dead even if we all go in there.

UMP45: If anything happens, I should be able to figure a way out as long as I have no one else to worry about.

UMP9: Well, if you say so...

416: I'll lift you up.

416: ...And remember, come back with her.
Part 3: Pre-Heating

3

...

UMP45: This duct is way too cramped... I'll be dead for sure if there's really an ambush in there.

UMP45: Who'd have thought that I'd be doing this again? I thought I'd never have to crawl through an air vent again for the rest of my life...

UMP45: Hm? Is that a light up ahead?

45 climbs out of the duct and lands lightly on the ground.

UMP45: It's the directional jamming, I can't sense anything after all.

UMP45: What the hell is this place?

45 finds herself in a spotless room. It is spacious and filled with suspension tanks.

UMP45: Is this a lab...? As I thought, this must be where the Isomers came from.

UMP45: It's surprisingly clean... I doubt there'll be other Paradeus units around.

UMP45: Now then, where has Gr G11 been taken to?

UMP45: Speaking of which, why did they capture an outsider?

UMP45: It would have been child's play to wipe us out back then.

The lab is empty, and even the Nytos that 45 was expecting are nowhere to be seen.

The only sound in the room is that of oxygen bubbling through the tanks. While she can't pick up any enemy signals on her scans, 45 can clearly feel a watchful gaze.

She spots a small shadow standing by a big door and promptly points her gun in its direction.

UMP45: Who's there? Come out right now!

The shadow seems to be frightened of 45, because it immediately runs off into the distance. The "tap tap tap" of its footsteps echoes with unnatural clarity in the silence of the lab. 45 does not hesitate and gives chase right away. After she passes through the door, she finally spots her target.

Several "Nytos" that are roughly the size of Gr G11 are dragging the latter further into the room.

Two of them catch sight of 45 and are so startled, they just drop Gr G11 and take to their heels. But the lead "Nyto" plants herself in front of 45 with her tiny arms stretched out and glares angrily at 45.

Nyto?: Uhh!

UMP45: Brave, aren't we?

Although she looks younger than most, the girl before her is most definitely a "Nyto", both in looks and attire. 45 doesn't hesitate and prepares to pull the trigger.

???: Don't shoot!

A familiar voice comes from behind the Nyto.

45 freezes when she hears the voice. This is an opportunity, and the miniature Nyto takes it.

???: Ugh, stop!

UMP45: Not again...

The moment 45 pauses, she immediately realizes that she has once again lost control of her own body. But what is more unsettling is how the hacking attempts are returning with renewed vigor.

UMP45: Dammit, why now?!
Part 4: Sintering

4

??: Did you finally shake off the hacking?

45's consciousness gradually returns from Level II.

UMP45: Am I dead...?

??: Even if you were, I would have pieced you back together so you would continue working for me. Alright, now get up.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: I'm not dreaming, am I?

Ange: Are you so eager to see me only in your dreams?

The scene before her slowly resolves into clarity. There is no doubt that the person before her is Ange.

She offers a hand to pull 45 up to her feet, then picks up the submachine gun lying on the ground and returns it to her.

45 looks up and flinches out of reflex, because there are several tiny, blank-faced Nytos standing behind Ange.

Gr G11 lies at her feet. She seems to have fainted from fright, but she doesn't look otherwise injured.

45 only comes to her senses when Ange shoves her weapon at her.

She had been prepared to encounter all sorts of things, but she cannot make any sense of what she is seeing now.

Ange: Besides, I've never heard of Dolls dreaming before.

UMP45: Looks like you've changed jobs while I wasn't looking.

UMP45: I gather being a nanny is way better than being a Statesec agent.

Ange: Well, speaking from personal experience, I can say that babysitting is definitely more interesting than working as a government agent.

UMP45: Is it really alright to have those Paradeus people behind you?？

???: ...

Ange: If they wanted to kill me, they wouldn't have had to wait until now.

Ange: Don't worry, these kids aren't a threat.

45 looks at the miniature Nytos again. They're also staring at her warily. Like 45, they are still feeling uneasy.

UMP45: Humph... Well, let's leave them aside for now. What the hell is going on? Where are the other DEFY Dolls?

Ange: Good news and bad news. Which do you want to hear first?

UMP45: Start with the bad news.

Ange: The bad news is that they're sealed in another room. The entire area's been... How shall I put this, that bastard with sick hobbies locked down all the passages in the lab.

Ange: This lab's been physically and electromagnetically fortified; we spent a lot of effort finding a way into this lab.

UMP45: And the good news?

Ange: The good news is that the internal circuits are still usable, so I could keep in touch with my subordinates.

Ange: You also used those circuits to contact them earlier, didn't you?

UMP45: ...That's hardly good news.

UMP45: All I can say is that the enemy are a bunch of morons, considering they didn't even attempt to restrict internal comms.

Ange: This base was originally abandoned, so there wasn't much of a need to set up internal security.

UMP45: If only all our enemies were so lax. That would make our job so much easier.

UMP45: How are things on AK-12 and AN-94's end? Do they have Nytos to babysit too?

Ange: Pretty much.

Ange: And they're certainly enjoying it a lot more than I am.

Ange: Anyway, you came just in time for our scheduled check-in. Time to tell them our good news.

Ange picks up the fixed mic on the wall.

Ange: 12, can you hear me? Our reinforcements have finally arrived.

AK-12: Loud and clear.

AK-12: Reinforcements, you say?

AK-12: Have the female gorilla and her caretaker come back to us?

AK-12: Or have Griffin forces finally fought their way in here?

Ange: All wrong. It's UMP45.

AK-12: So it's the leader of Squad 404, huh. What about the rest of them?

Ange: Hm... Unless my eyes are playing tricks on me, it's just her.

AK-12: Just her?

Ange: Just the one.

AK-12: Alright, then. Though a single Doll can't do much, finding out exactly how much 404 hates their leader is a sort of reward in itself.

UMP45: I just saw your two other teammates. It seems your people dislike you as much as mine do me.

AK-12: So you've already met. I guess you know how things are between us now.

Ange: Ahem. EOT-1 dragged Gr G11 in here and 45 followed her through the air vents. Looks like we have a chance to disable the locks on these juveniles.

AK-12: Hm, it's true that she's the only one who can do both of those things.

Ange: Finally, we've got a good card to play.

Ange: I have to hand it to you for thinking of going through the air ducts.

UMP45: Since you found the air vent's exit, why didn't you go through it yourself?

AK-12: None of us could fit through such a small duct apart from these juveniles.

AK-12: At first, we were hoping that she could head out and find Griffin forces so they could blast through the door from the outside, but none of us expected her to bring back Miss UMP45, the weakest Doll among all present company.

AK-12: I expected nothing less of Squad 404's leader; you're always exceeding our expectations and doing things we can't.

UMP45: Well excuuuuse me for being the weakest Doll here. If you don't mind, then I, the weakest Doll, will gladly leave the way I came. After all, it's not like the weakest Doll can do anything here.

Ange: Stop wasting time taking shots at each other. 12, sync your status with 45.

AK-12: While you were playing house with those juveniles, I tried establishing a connection again, but it didn't work out. My signal couldn't merge with those juveniles' consciousness, which means I won't be able to reach their base layer.

AK-12: I'll keep trying while 94 fills you in on the situation.

AN-94: Ah, hello, Miss 45. I'm glad you managed to get in here.

AN-94: I apologize but time is very tight, so I will skip the details and only cover the main points.

AN-94: We infiltrated this base ahead of time with Ange and K. During our reconnaissance, we discovered this sealed lab and obtained some information Ange needed.

AN-94: However, Sangvis forces suddenly showed up while we were scouting, and they began fighting with Paradeus units.

AN-94: The older Nytos went to fight the S.F. units. At first we intended to investigate further, but then the lab was physically and electronically locked down.

AN-94: We lost contact with K and the other two members, and we could not leave this lab by ourselves.

AN-94: While we're trapped inside, we found these juvenile Nytos. Some of them were comatose at the time.

AN-94: Through connecting with them, we discovered that their neural clouds had been hacked and attacked by an OGAS-like signal. We decided to trace it back through the lab and found that those juveniles had sealing access to this lab.

AN-94: If we can help those children shake off the attack, we might have a chance to get out of here. However, AK-12 and I are not compatible with the OGAS Protocol, so we are having a very hard time trying to enter these girls' neural clouds.

UMP45: Wait a minute, you lost me.

UMP45: So the Paradeus signals I detected earlier were these child-like Nytos?

Ange: Actually, they're not Nytos. To be precise, they are juvenile test subjects who have not been turned into Nytos yet.

UMP45: So they haven't been mechanically augmented?

UMP45: Is that why they still look like humans?

Ange: They ARE humans. One hundred percent.

UMP45: So they're still humans?

UMP45: What lucky girls.

Ange: According to the lab records, all the specimens that could become Nytos were shipped away. The only ones left behind were the juveniles that were of little value to Paradeus, as well as those who were not up to spec.

UMP45: So they're Isomers?

Ange: Isomers?

UMP45: That's Persica's name for the specimens who failed to become Nytos.

UMP45: Also, while we were in Tallinn, the AR Team managed to secure a Nyto individual with memories of the Isomers, and she told us a bit about what happened here.

Ange: A Nyto individual...?

Ange: Looks like a lot has happened in my absence.

UMP45: I'm just as surprised by what's happened on your end.

UMP45: These Isomers seemed to be protecting the labs by themselves. Did their original controllers abandon this place because they knew we were coming?

Ange: If only things were so simple.

UMP45: Well, it would make no difference to us even if it was for some other reason.

UMP45: So, what should we do now?

Ange: We need a Doll who can connect to their neural clouds. You've hacked a Nyto before, so it should be easy for you.

UMP45: Wait a minute. How do they have neural clouds if they're humans?

Ange: I wouldn't have believed it either if DEFY hadn't verified it with me over and over again.

Ange: However, it's true that these kids have neural clouds that can be entered. Their consciousnesses have been physically embodied, like a Doll's.

UMP45: Like a Doll's, huh...

UMP45: What kind of freaking experiments did they go through...?

Ange: We can discuss this question at length once we get them out of there.

Ange: In any case, right now the only ones in Sangvis Ferri that can still hack through the OGAS Protocol are the Sangvis Mastermind and the former AR Team member...M16, who seems to be looking for something, just like us.

UMP45: But of course.

UMP45: I don't think her motives are as simple as helping Sangvis Ferri.

UMP45: She looks a little different now, but she doesn't seem to give a damn about S.F.

Ange: That's what worries me the most. An AR Team member going rogue definitely has something to do with OGAS.

Ange: I wanted to learn more about the Dolls on the AR Team from Persica, but I haven't been able to contact her for a very long time.

Ange: There is also more to S.F.'s attack on this base than meets the eye. We need to understand what Mastermind and M16 are after if we're to sort this out.

UMP45: We'll deal with things as they come, then.

UMP45: That reminds me... I was also hacked a while ago, and the opposition seemed to be checking my memories over and over again.

Ange: Your memories?

UMP45: The memories of Operation Butterfly.

Ange: ...

Ange: I think I can guess what her reasons are. At the very least, one of her goals should be the same as yours, namely uncovering the truth behind Operation Butterfly and finding the one who orchestrated the whole thing, isn't that right?

UMP45: ...If that was her aim, then she shouldn't have stopped us.

Ange: At least she's only hindering our progress and not outright eliminating us.

Ange: Still, she's far too conceited. If that bastard, that damn William really is behind all this, then it's very likely that M16 may have unwittingly helped him carry out his plan.

Ange: I'm worried that if we don't get ourselves out of this mess ASAP, the events of Operation Butterfly might repeat themselves.

UMP45: This is such a pain... Alright, if I want to connect to these juveniles, how should I do it?

Ange: Enter their neural space through this girl.

Ange places her hand on the young Nyto standing at the forefront and gently leads her up to 45.

Ange: This is Test Subject EOT-1 — at least, that's what she's referred to in the records.

Ange: These girls don't know how to use weapons, so in order to fight back, she lured us into different rooms and forcibly separated DEFY from me. She's a very clever girl.

Ange: Fortunately, as a human, I couldn't be crashed like a Doll, and so after we had a chat, she was willing to communicate and restored DEFY to normal.

Ange: I worked out a rescue plan with her so we could escape, in exchange for the safety of all the children here.

UMP45: You might as well be a dubious kidnapper offering a kid candy while abducting them.

Ange: I'm not like you. I keep my word.

UMP45: If only you had blushed even a little back when you paid us less than the sum we agreed on.

Test Subject EOT-1: Ange...is a...good person...

The young Nyto's eyes sharpen, as though 45 had uttered some kind of blasphemy.

UMP45: Alright, alright, whatever you say.

Ange: They are both victims and important witnesses.

Ange: Therefore, rescuing them is part of the mission.

Ange: Besides, I think I like kids more than I expected...

UMP45: Sometimes I think I wouldn't be able to stand you at all if it wasn't for the money.

UMP45: Now then, Miss Test Subject, how should I connect with you?

Test Subject EOT-1: Anna...

UMP45: Anna?

Test Subject EOT-1: ...Call me...Anna.

UMP45: Did you give her that name?

Ange: ...I'm not in the habit of naming other people.

UMP45: So she chose her own name?

UMP45: Sounds like she's a relative of yours.

The self-declared Anna nods. She seems very happy with what 45 has said.

The look of approval in her eyes deeply disturbs 45.

UMP45: Er... Don't look at me like that. It's unsettling.

Ange: Since you've hacked a Nyto before, it means you should be able to set up a connection with these kids, and she will lead you into their base layer.

Ange: However, you should be careful. S.F. will definitely try to take advantage of the opportunity that your entry gives them, and the attacks on you might intensify as a result.

Ange: That said, you won't be alone in there. These kids will help you while you're in their base layer. You need to bring them out and help them escape their current predicament, because that is also the only way we can escape our current predicament.

UMP45: Alright then, Miss Anna, whether you're doing this for us or for yourselves, we'd best get started as soon as possible.

Anna: Follow me.
Part 5: Foaming

5

Her surroundings fade away rapidly—

This is unlike entering other neural clouds. 45 has experienced this before, a suffocating sensation akin to being swallowed up by the sea.

Unlike how it would be in a Doll's neural cloud, she feels a wave of tremendous discomfort washing over her, as though something was squirming in the depths of her heart, and for a moment she feels extremely anxious.

UMP45: So this is a human's neural cloud... However you slice it, this is far beyond the realm of what I thought was common sense.

Anna: What should we do next?

45 looks at the other juveniles, who are far in the distance.

They are currently lying in the middle of a spinning funnel.

An attacking signal circles over their heads like an evil dragon whose dark, misty breath enshrouds them. The juveniles tremble in the mist, as though they were being electrocuted.

UMP45: ...I've never seen such a realistic-looking depiction of an electronic attack before.

Anna: It's meant to facilitate your understanding of the situation, you dummy!

Anna: The enemy is a signal created from an OGAS-transmitted core order. My sisters have their hands full just fending off the attack.

Anna: However, the enemy keeps changing the logical concepts of this electronic space. If this keeps up, they'll be assimilated by the attacking OGAS signals. If that happens, we'll be done for!

UMP45: ...So...you aren't actually a blank-faced kid with a stammer...?

Anna: Isn't that obvious? Like I said, you're a dummy!

Anna: Of course I can do whatever I want in my own neural cloud! Shouldn't a Tactical Doll know that much?

Anna: To think Ange told me you were one of the best electronic warfare Dolls she's ever seen! Instead of thinking about how to solve the problem at hand, you're concerned about something so trivial?!

Anna: And you call yourself Ange's subordinate? Do you have no shame?

Anna: You nitwit! Idiot! Moron!

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Listen up, brat, I'm not obliged to save you or anything. I consider my job done as long as I get Ange out alive.

UMP45: You and these test subjects are nothing more than a burden to me. Got that?

Anna: Wh...what...? Aren't you going to save us?

UMP45: From my point of view, saving you is the least efficient course of action. Given my tendencies, I would never have done this if Ange hadn't asked me to.

Anna: But Ange already asked you to...

UMP45: I never said I'd obey her orders.

Anna: But...but... you're in my neural cloud, so you have to listen to me!

UMP45: You can save those words for that attacking signal over there.

Anna: ...

Anna: ...

UMP45: Anything else you'd like to add?

Anna: Uuu...UWWWAAAAAAAHHH!!!

UMP45: Hey...you don't need to turn on the waterworks just because I scolded you.

Anna: We're doomed! (Sobs) Nobody can save us now!

Anna: The only one who can enter this place is a brainlet that's all talk! We're doomed!

UMP45: Oi, who are you calling "a brainlet that's all talk"?

Anna: You're either a big old meanie who'll watch people die without lifting a finger or an incompetent idiot, take your pick!

UMP45: I have just about had it with this brat...

UMP45: You're totally not giving me enough credit. Fine, fine, I get it.

UMP45: I'll draw away OGAS' electronic attack. How's that, are you happy now?

Anna: Are you stupid?

Anna: If all of us are being tied up by that one signal, what the heck can you do with the processing power of just a single Doll?

Anna: You're just going to get yourself killed right away, don't you see?!

UMP45: You really are a whiny brat. While I was wasting time entertaining your nonsense, I've already finished analyzing the signal attacking you. It's hardly strong enough to kill me if that's all there is to it.

UMP45: Also, the bitch who's holding you prisoner desperately wants to learn something from me.

UMP45: She won't let me die until she has what she wants.

Anna: What...

UMP45: The world is way more complicated than you can imagine, so don't get too full of yourself.

UMP45: In any case, listen up. My plan is very simple; I'm going to draw away the attacking OGAS signal and do my best to slow it down.

UMP45: Meanwhile, your job is to restore your friends' control over their own consciousnesses. After that, come back and help me strengthen the firewalls so we can defeat that attacking signal together.

UMP45: If you fail, we'll all be stuck here, and it doesn't matter how much time I can buy. You HAVE to do this. Do you understand?

Anna: I'll do my part, and you'll do what you have to do, got it?

Anna: If YOU fail, I will never forgive you...

Anna's consciousness floats over to the unconscious juveniles, waiting for 45 to do as she promised.

UMP45: Humph... Don't try to play cool until you're as tall as I am...

UMP45: Now then, it's time to deal with that verdammt attacking signal...

UMP45: I know what you want, M16; surely nothing is more precious than one's lost memories, no?
Part 6: Foam Stabilization

6

...

She hears the whistling of steam and the clamor of grinding gears.

Her index finger starts to ache, and there's a soreness coming from the back of her head.

UMP45 knows very well that she's back here.

Once again...she is inside the main Sangvis Ferri factory, on the day of Operation Butterfly.

She suddenly understands the meaning of what M16 has said to her.

UMP45: "I wanted to resolve the grudge between us in person."

Her memories flow in reverse once more, then the rewind comes to an end—

As though all the sentimental thoughts she just had were never real.

UMP45: Honestly...this is just too...old hat.

Then, as though somebody has pressed the "play" button, the memory begins to replay itself once again.

M16A1: Any last words, traitor?

UMP45: Just a little more...

M16A1: What's this, still putting up a fight?

UMP45: ...I wonder which of us is the real traitor?

M16A1: Are those your parting words? Farewell, UMP45.

UMP45: —!

There was a burst of gunfire, and several bullet holes appeared in 45's head.

UMP45: ...

M16A1: Now you're quiet, huh.

M16A1: Looks like this really was the last one.

M16 turned away and briefly hesitated before taking out a spare magazine.

She pulled the empty magazine out of her weapon and tossed it away, but before it could even hit the ground, M16 collapsed onto her knees in pain.

M16A1: Urgh—!

M16A1: My chest...hurts...!

It took all her strength, but M16 managed to stand up. In the distance, a blinking red camera head pointed itself at her.

She couldn't even hold her weapon; her rifle slipped out her hands.

Dust swirled and danced around the falling rifle, then everything seemed to freeze - both the rifle and the dust stopped moving in mid-air.

...

...

All motions ceased, as if time itself had come to a halt, or perhaps like a three-dimensional photograph.

UMP45 gets to her feet, brushing off the dust and shell casings from her body.

UMP45: I see. So if I were destroyed, she would suffer a meltdown as well.

UMP45: All the Dolls had been infected with Parapluie back then, and they had all either gone berserk or had a neural cascade at almost the same time.

UMP45: In the end, only she and I survived.

UMP45: If I survived because I was lucky enough to have been overlooked, then how did she get out of that alive?

UMP45 shakes her head.

UMP45: These are simulated memories. Even if I asked, there's no way I'd get an answer...

UMP45: Even now, I didn't manage to survive a single encounter with her in the hundreds of simulations I've conducted.

UMP45: Was what happened back then really a miracle to end all miracles?

UMP45: In that case, let's go through the sequence again while that demoness hasn't found me yet.

M16A1: You're certainly enjoying yourself.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Humph, caught at last, huh.

M16A1: I didn't expect you to be stupid enough to walk right into it.

UMP45: Save your bravado, we both know electronic warfare isn't your strong suit.

UMP45: Also, you seem much slower than you used to be, considering I managed to go through so many playbacks before you realized what I was doing.

UMP45: So, did your neural cloud go binary after you joined S.F.?

M16A1: You don't need to throw your life away in such a hurry. I remember I've already warned you about this.

UMP45: And I heard your warning loud and clear, just as I did back then.

M16 bends down and picks up her rifle.

M16A1: I should have killed you back then.

UMP45: Yes, you should have. But you didn't.

UMP45: And you don't know why you didn't do it.

M16 chambers a round, and her eyes flash with murderous intent.

UMP45: You can't restore those deleted memories no matter what you do, isn't that right?

UMP45: That's why you want to learn what happened back then from me, but you're afraid I'd figure out your intentions, so you carefully tried to steal the memories without drawing my attention.

M16A1: ...

UMP45: You don't even remember the moment you betrayed your own team, do you?

M16A1: You shouldn't have said that. Are you ready to pay for it?

UMP45: Your frank and earnest desire to skin me alive right now suits you better than that nonsense you were spouting as part of your act.

M16A1: Humph, come on then. I'll beat you, just like I did before.
Part 7: Molding

7

UMP45: The attacking signal vanished. Did I win?

UMP45: No... Her processing power is far stronger than mine. She beat me.

UMP45 slowly gets up on her feet. She can tell that she's in her Level III base layer.

UMP45: How merciful of her for not finishing me off instantly.

UMP45: So she's forced me into my own base layer. Is she that desperate to read my memories from back then?

UMP45: However, I've encrypted those memories, so it'll probably take her a while to find them.

UMP45: Will you help me in the last bit of time I have left?

???: I thought you'd never come back here again.

UMP45: ...And I would not, if I could have avoided it.

???: What should I say, then? Welcome back? Or gute reise?

UMP45: Stop teasing me. Why wish me a good journey when I'm obviously not going anywhere?

???: Ja, ja, I understand.

???: After all, something bad must've happened, or you wouldn't have wound up getting trapped in here again. Am I right, 45?

The UMP40 residing in the depths of 45's neural cloud slowly comes into view.

She grins happily at 45. She knows that 45 must have met with some terrible danger to have ended up in her base layer, but being able to see her again fills this simulated persona with heartfelt joy.

UMP45: Yeah... I ran into a crisis that made a mockery of all the cool things I said in the past.

UMP45: And here I thought I'd only meet you again to bid you farewell after settling everything.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: That's fine. You look super cool even when you're as wretched as this, 45.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I don't mind chatting with you a few more times before we say our goodbyes.

UMP45: Honestly... Right, do I need to explain the situation to you?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I exist in your neural cloud. I've been quietly watching everything that's happened to you.

UMP45: So...you know exactly what I've overheard before, right?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You mean the fact that I'm not a manifestation of your longing for 40...but a consciousness born from the virus?

UMP45: So you do know.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Yup. I know what you know.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Don't worry, I'm glad you know exactly what I am.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If I'm more than a simulated personality, that means I can at least be of some help, right?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: The OGAS of the AR Team's leader is super strong, she can help her Doll do so much. I'm envious.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If only I had power like that...

UMP45: ...It all started because of OGAS, and yet everyone's becoming more reliant on its power.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: There's nothing wrong with power in itself.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If I also had the power to help you, would I have been a useful aide to you, the way Miss Dandelion is to M4A1?

UMP45: I don't need...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: But right now, you DO need help.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If my appearance makes you uncomfortable, I can...

UMP45: ...

UMP45: No...ignore what I just said. This isn't the time to dwell on my own past.

UMP45: I need to use all the power I can get my hands on. If I can't get out of this place, then everything will be for nothing.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: So you're saying...

UMP45: I need your help. I don't care if you're an image of her past or an OGAS entity that developed from the virus.

UMP45: If you're willing to help me, please lend me your strength so I can keep the promise I once made.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Heheh, I would have done that even if you hadn't asked.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I have to hand it to you; you're really resilient.

UMP45: ...Stop making fun of me. Focus on the mission.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Alright, alright, you're the boss.

UMP45: Now that I think about it, you're the reason why I could enter M4's neural cloud and the Nyto's consciousness.

UMP45: M16 ought to be no different. Since she wants to read my memories so badly, is there a way we can turn the tables on her and expose her weakness?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Normally that wouldn't be possible, because your body's processing power is very limited.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You've been upgraded, but even with that, infiltrating such a high-spec neural cloud would be very difficult.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: However...

UMP45: However?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: However, an OGAS Protocol signal just tried to connect with me from the outside. After briefly making contact with it, I realized I could tap into an external source of processing power through the link.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If they can give me enough computational support, I might be able to crack the logic algorithm that's sealing off your Level II layer, or even do what you said and reverse-penetrate the opposition's neural cloud.

UMP45: Looks like the brat has done her job.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Should I establish the connection?

UMP45: Can you?

UMP45: But isn't it only possible to connect through an ID signal at the moment?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If that's all I need to do...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Please hold...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Whoa, where the heck am I? It's pitch black!

UMP45: You are...?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Are you stupid?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: It's me, Anna!

UMP45: I guessed as much.

UMP45: I didn't expect her to establish comms in this manner.

Anna: What are you spacing out for?!

Anna: We're all okay on our end, but the OGAS signal has you thoroughly trapped. I tried pulling you out a few times, but I couldn't.

Anna: However, I found a circuit in your base layer that's connected to an OGAS consciousness in your neural cloud, so I used the opening to get in!

Anna: You really are different from other Dolls - you have an OGAS interface in your base layer, how surprising. Make sure you don't get wiped out in there!

UMP45: Why, thank you for your concern.

Anna: Your partner told me all about your plan. We will try to provide you with processing power.

Anna: Everyone's waiting for you outside, so make sure you don't kick the bucket in there!

UMP45: That's a big help. Tell Ange I won't be long.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: What a cute little girl... Is she a new friend of yours, 45?

UMP45: A new pain in the ass, more like...

UMP45: Can we begin now?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Ja. I'm analyzing the source of the opposition's data flows.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: One moment...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Alright, I've synchronized and combined the shared records from both sides. With that, we should be able to find the opening which leads to the opposition's neural cloud.

UMP40's simulated persona begins loading information into her surroundings, and the scene UMP45 once saw in Tallinn gradually unfolds before her.

Under an inverted forest, the familiar mansion lies not far away.

UMP45: This is what I saw in M4's neural cloud back then...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Yup. M16 has this in her neural cloud as well.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: She's trying to merge with your neural cloud, but the memories here overlapped, and the overlapping processes were skipped.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Therefore, this is an opening where the firewall is weaker. We might be able to invade her neural cloud through this gap.

UMP45: Why is the firewall weaker there?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: M4's and M16's neural clouds were probably derived from the same person.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: According to my records, the neural clouds for the AR Team were all made from the brain scan of the same human, which is why their neural clouds can't be duplicated or backed up.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Meanwhile, this portion of memories belonged to the original human, which probably means it's a read-only section. That implies the OGAS consciousness can't make big alterations to that piece of data.

UMP45: The same person... I'm getting really tired of hearing the name Lunasia.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I re-sorted the data from before. This information has always been a blind spot for us. Perhaps the truth has always been right within our reach, but we simply had no way of perceiving it.

UMP45: If it involves the AR Team, that implies Persica also has a part in this.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I can't reach a conclusion just from the data you possess.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: But in any case, M16's agenda might be hidden deeper than we imagined. We need to figure out what she has in mind.

UMP45: ...When you put it that way, all her seemingly illogical actions could be intended to disrupt a plan we haven't even heard of yet.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Is that so? Or is that what you want to believe?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Maybe deep down in your heart, you do admire her.

UMP45: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You like her, yet you hate her.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Hm... Looks like you regard the whole AR Team in the same way.

UMP45: You don't need to go out of your way to tell me when you pry into my thoughts.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If you had their power, you'd definitely use it better than they did.

UMP45: Hypothetical scenarios are irrelevant. Right, let's get down to business.

UMP45 and UMP40 enter the mansion under the inverted forest.

Unlike how it was before, the house looks like it hasn't been maintained for many years. The doors are on the floor and the interior is covered in a thick layer of dust.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: This mansion is in a place where the memories overlap, but something feels strange...

UMP45: Hm? Did you sense something?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: The overlapping segment isn't as big as I expected. The layout of the house is different from what we saw earlier.

UMP45: Could it be a trap?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: If I wanted to kill you, I wouldn't have to go about it in such a convoluted manner.

UMP45: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Don't worry, I just want to talk.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: Why don't we go out to the yard? I don't really like the oppressive atmosphere inside the house.

UMP45 realizes that things aren't quite right, but she knows she is at a massive disadvantage in this place.

Somebody seems to have taken over UMP40's simulated persona, and it happened so quickly they didn't even have a chance to react.

UMP45 has no choice but to comply. She approaches the garden in the backyard cautiously, but it is completely empty.

UMP45: There's no one here.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I don't know why, but seeing this garden always puts me at ease.

UMP45: Are you M16?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: What do you think?

UMP45: If you're not her, then who are you?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: We've met before, haven't we?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: During Operation Butterfly.

UMP45: What...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: We have almost achieved our objective. You cannot stop us.

UMP45: So what are you doing now? Playing a game of cat and mouse?

UMP45: If you could crush us in an instant, then why didn't you kill me from the start?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I don't want to destroy you. Doesn't matter if you're from Squad 404, the AR Team, or Griffin.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You are not my enemy.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I will help M16 get what she wants. Since she helped me, I will help her.

UMP45: What do you want...?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: You guessed it. I want to see the memories that she has lost.

The simulated persona of UMP40 waves her hand, and the surroundings immediately transform into the scene from Operation Butterfly in 45's memories.

UMP45: Just a little more...

M16: Still putting up a fight, traitor?

UMP45: ...I wonder which of us is the real traitor?

M16: Are those your parting words? Farewell, UMP45.

UMP45: Now!

M16: !!!

M16 was shocked to find that her bullets had gone past UMP45's original position and made two holes on the ground.

Crack! UMP45's left wrist snapped. She had deliberately broke the wrist that M16 had in her grip in order to buy herself a chance to fight back.

Although she'd already turned off the pain receptors in her left arm, the instinctive feedback of the displaced machinery was still extremely disconcerting.

However, there was no time to think about that. UMP45 spun around and kicked as hard as she could, freeing herself from M16's grasp.

She rode the momentum of the reaction force to pick up her gun, then turned around and took aim at M16.

M16A1: I didn't think you could disrupt my fire control system in such a short time. You've done very well for a Doll like you.

UMP45: All those Dolls by the door were shot in the back. That must have been your handiwork.

M16A1: My mission is to eliminate all traitorous Dolls.

UMP45: So you knew something like this was going to happen.

UMP45: You'd betrayed us all from the very beginning!

M16A1: ...

UMP45: Have you thought about what will happen to you in the end?

UMP45: Do you think you can avoid being silenced too?!

M16A1: That's not for you to worry about.

M16A1: You just have to die here.

M16 opened fire on UMP45 without any hesitation, but she couldn't land a shot due to UMP45's interference.

UMP45 took the opportunity to duck behind the closest piece of cover and changed her empty magazine as she pondered her next move.

UMP45: I'm almost out of ammo... I can't defeat her just by disrupting her shooting. What else can I do?

M16 rained suppressive fire down on UMP45 as she slowly approached the cover which UMP45 was hiding behind.

UMP45 counted M16's shots, intending to counterattack once she's out of ammo. However, M16 changed magazines with incredible speed, giving UMP45 no time to poke her head out and shoot.

Bullets pounded UMP45's cover. All she could do was keep her head down to avoid the incoming fire.

She banished all unnecessary thoughts from her mind, quietly waiting for the only chance she had of obtaining victory.

Another magazine was discarded. M16 was very close to UMP45's hiding place.

The empty magazine fell, but before it could hit the ground, M16 was already on her knees, writhing in pain.

M16A1: Urgh... What's going on...?!

UMP45: It's finally begun... She's having a neural meltdown!

UMP45 leaned against her cover and fired at M16, but she had a hard time controlling her aim without her left hand.

With great effort, M16 raised her arm to shield her vitals while laying down suppressive fire.

Her hasty shots did not hit UMP45 directly, but the sparks and dust that they threw up obscured her vision.

As the hammer fell on an empty chamber, M16 took advantage of the gap in UMP45's fire and dashed toward her...

Right before UMP45 could take aim again, M16 switched her grip on her gun, grabbed it by the barrel, and swung it at UMP45. The massive impact sent UMP45's weapon flying from her hand.

M16 used her momentum to grab UMP45 by the collar and pinned her down once more, and the dagger she pulled out from her back gleamed menacingly in the light.

UMP45 instinctively clawed at M16's face in an attempt to push her off.

In her desperation, her fingers actually mangled the left half of M16's face.

M16 paid no heed to her injury. She held her knife with both hands and plunged it viciously at UMP45's head—

But in the confusion, UMP45 reached out and blocked the stab with her right hand.

There was a mighty crack as her right arm broke. The intense pain caused UMP45's hand to claw a horrific scar into M16's face.

M16 paid that no mind either and savagely forced her knife down on UMP45's head, and this time, UMP45 had no way to stop her.

UMP45: !!!

UMP45 felt the sharp tip of the dagger on her skin. There was no escape.

But then, the knife suddenly stopped in its tracks. Through her half-opened right eye, UMP45 saw that M16 was still straddling her, but her gaze was strangely dull, as though she had lost consciousness.

UMP45: So she finally burned out, huh... That was a close shave...

The knife had left a deep scar on UMP45's left eye.

She tried to push M16's frozen hands away from her face, but M16 would not budge, pinning UMP45 beneath her.

UMP45: You won't let me go even when you're dead, huh... Whew... forget it, let me take a breather first—

M16 suddenly came back to life, and the cold look in her eyes chilled UMP45 to the core.

The only thought that echoed in UMP45's neural cloud was, "It's over," as despair swallowed her like a bottomless abyss.

However, M16 did not resume her attack. She stood up and sheathed her knife behind her, picked up her rifle, and turned to leave.

UMP45: What's the meaning of this...? Not going to kill me?

M16A1: ...

M16 looked at 45 one last time, then she bolted from the room.

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I think I understand everything that's happened that day.

UMP45: ...M16 didn't finish me off back then. Was it because of you?

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I made a deal with her. I would save her from a neural meltdown, and she would let me see my father one last time.

UMP45: ...

UMP40's Simulated Persona: I believe you have already guessed who I am.

UMP45: I didn't think I'd meet you under these circumstances, Elisa.

Elisa: I am very glad that your first response was not to reject me.

UMP45: You took control of her body back then... So you let go of me since I was no longer of any value?

Elisa: I need to thank you. If it wasn't for you, I would have still been sealed inside the Pike Core.

Elisa: But at the same time, I resent you. If it wasn't for you, Father wouldn't have died back then, even though I know it was not your fault.

Elisa: We both lost everything we cherished on that day. Don't you think that makes us very similar?

UMP45: So you're trying to win me over in a very roundabout way?

Elisa: I simply want to tell you a few things you should know. We both hate the same enemy. There is no need for us to kill each other before we find him.

Elisa: M16 understands that, and I believe so will you.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: Alright, I'm listening.

Elisa: Father was afraid he had made the wrong choice, so he deleted a lot of important authorizations that were originally part of the OGAS System. That's why I have always been incomplete.

Elisa: However, the Dolls of the AR Team are built with completely intact base layer protocols, and Father was calling out for Persica, their creator, in his final moments.

Elisa: In the end, when our own OGAS systems developed, their consciousness were similar, yet different.

UMP45: So that's why you've been trying to connect with M4 all the while.

Elisa: However, I've lost hope in her. Right now, I can finish everything by myself, even if I lose everything I created.

Elisa: So don't interfere with our plans. Similarly, I won't hurt you either.

Elisa: Once the coalescence is complete, the truth will be revealed to everyone who's been deceived.

UMP45: Coalescence?

UMP45: Wait... Don't tell me you're going to...!

Elisa: You have given me what I want, so I will spare you.

Elisa: But remember, this is my final warning.

Elisa: Do not become my enemy, or you will regret your decision.

UMP45 feels a shift in her surroundings. Elisa's consciousness has left the simulated persona of UMP40.

The seal on her neural cloud is gradually lifted, and she can hear Anna and the others calling out to her.

UMP45 hesitates briefly. There has been a massive shift in everything she once thought she knew. She needs to think about all the things she has just learned.

In any case, the seal has now been broken. She decides to return to Level II before considering what she will do next.

The young Nyto senses UMP45's return and immediately forms a link with her.

Anna: You...you actually did it! The remote attack is gone!

Anna: Looks like Ange wasn't wrong about you after all!

UMP45: So you're just as quick to praise as you are to insult. Can't say I dislike this kind of candor.

UMP45: What's the situation out there?

Anna: My sisters are fine; they've all woken up.

Anna: We've deactivated the jamming and lifted the lockdown on the labs, but you'd better keep your word and keep us safe!

UMP45: Take this matter to Ange... I'm very tired right now...

UMP45: I'm going to rest for a bit before resurfacing. Go on ahead and discuss our next move with the others outside.

Anna: Okay... I'll relay that to Ange.

UMP45: Should I tell Ange about what I just learned?

UMP45: Everything's become even more complicated.
Part 8: Annealing

8

...

20 minutes ago, at the military staging area.

Yegor: Terra to Hematite. Sitrep. Over.

Military Officer: This is Hematite. We've linked up with the remnants of Quartz's troops. We're currently exchanging fire with Sangvis Ferri and Paradeus forces.

Military Officer: Unable to break through swiftly, I repeat, unable to break through swiftly. Over.

Yegor: Terra copies. Report losses. Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies. We are still able to carry out the mission. No need to worry, Terra. Over.

Yegor: Terra copies. Commencing creeping barrage in 20 seconds. Zircon will assist ASAP. Maintain your advance. Over.

Military Officer: Acknowledged. Over.

The transmission ends.

Adjutant: Captain, Hematite's situation must be dire, and we don't have many infantry and automatons left.

Yegor: I know. Lieutenant, bring them out. Time to play our ace in the hole.

Adjutant: Yes, sir!

Outside the breach in the barrier gate.

The small opening is piled high with mechanical carcasses, spent ammunition and human corpses.

It hasn't been half an hour since the fighting started, but both sides have already committed all their forces to this final battle.

Alchemist: Bring it on, humans!

Hunter: Get down!

Hunter: Dammit, they've got a few cannons on their side, huh. What about those white guys?

Alchemist: They're all gone. That most recent bombardment probably blew up the last of them.

Hunter: Tsk! Do we have any reserve forces?

Alchemist: It's just the two of us and our minions. Executioner just carried Scarecrow away. Look, do you see anyone else?

Hunter: So I'm going to die with you? Please, no.

Alchemist: If you've got the time to flap your artificial gums, why don't you...

Hunter: Why don't I what, I didn't hear you! Or did you not say anything at all?

Alchemist: Look, you jinxed it. The human tanks are coming.

Hunter: Is there an end to them? Don't humans have to mourn their fallen comrades?

Alchemist: Considering how they're swarming us like insects, I think it's quite likely that they don't believe in God at all.

As they share a laugh, the two elite Sangvis Dolls get up and raise their weapons.

Hunter: Sangvis Ferri! CHARGE!

At the Griffin temporary camp.

Commander: How's the situation?

Kalina: The S.F. remnants are still engaged with the Military, but the Paradeus units have all been wiped out.

Commander: How are our preparations?

Kalina: We've almost finished planting the explosives. Are we really not going to assist the Sangvis forces? According to the latest report, the Military tanks are closing in on them...

Commander: I know, but we don't have the strength to spare now.

Commander: We can barely put enough Dolls together to form a line of defense, so we'll have to wear them down with street fighting.

Kalina: Got it.

Commander: Keep a close eye on the Military forces. They under the situation very well themselves. I'm sure they'll try something.

At the breach in the barrier gate.

Precious few S.F. units have survived the combined onslaught of the tanks and the artillery.

Alchemist: Hunter, how many units do you have left?

Hunter: I thought you were the one counting. Who knows?

Alchemist: I was only looking at the ones I was commanding. Besides, it's your hands, not your brains that got damaged.

Hunter: Well, if your eyes are so sharp, why don't you go snipe a few of those humans?

Alchemist: I can snipe, sure, but I can't guarantee I won't blow your head off along with theirs.

Hunter: Ha-ha, very funny.

Hunter: Still, to think we're going to drown in trash in this waste processing plant... It's gross, I don't want to remember this.

Alchemist: Well, if you have a problem with that, go take it up with those humans... Hey, what are you guys doing here? Didn't we tell you to withdraw with Agent?

Hunter looks back and catches sight of two figures that she's long grown tired of seeing.

Scarecrow: Why didn't you tell me you were doing something fun?

Executioner: I don't like owing people favors, so I'm just paying it all back at once.

Hunter: You morons! What point is there in you dying here?

Executioner: When I think about how Agent might nag us until we fall to bits, I'd rather you take the blame for it instead.

Scarecrow: I'd feel worse if I just walked off like that.

Hunter: Why, you...!

Alchemist: Alright, alright, those humans aren't going to wait for you to be ready; they're coming right away.

Alchemist: Besides, it's not too bad for us to die together as one big happy family, right?

Hunter: Seriously, you guys! Alright, then. Sangvis Ferri! —

Before Hunter can finish, an explosion drowns out the rest of her battle cry.

However, it does not come from among the S.F. lines, but opposite them.

The explosion erupts in the midst of the Military soldiers.

Destroyer: Aha, ahahaha! Die, all of you!

On a hill to the south of the frontlines, a tiny figure launches a vast quantity of grenades, which detonate and seal off the Military's advance.

Dreamer: Did you miss my fire support, useless seniors?

Executioner: Hah! You two shorties made it!

Dreamer: I don't mind if you want to chat.

Dreamer: I'll record how you died because of idle chatter and play it to you when we get back.

A horde of Sangvis Dolls appear on the top of the hill, and a close look reveals that all of them are in desperate need of repair.

However, these Dolls, who previously escaped the encirclement, have doubled back and rejoined the Sangvis front.

Thanks to the surprise assault from the flank, the Military's advance is halted and the battle-scarred elite Dolls finally get a chance to retreat.

Hunter: Thank you, we're all clear.

Dreamer: Don't thank me yet. Soon you'll find out what a terrible thing it is to owe me one.

Dreamer: —Oi, little idiot, we're pulling out. These are the last toys we managed to beg from Agent!

Destroyer: Eh?! Then this is a rare opportunity! Also, who are you calling an idiot?!

Dreamer: If you want to stay here and become fertilizers, be my guest.

Destroyer: Urgh... Wait, what's that?

Destroyer points to a cloud of dust in the distance, behind the Military lines.

Dreamer: Who knows? It looks like some kind of mech...

Dreamer: Wait a minute, that's not right. It's something more interesting than that...

At the forward position of the Military lines.

Armored Unit Officer: This is Zircon, please adjust fire support coordinates. I repeat, please adjust fire support coordinates. A large S.F. unit has appeared on the left flank, over.

???: Roger. Cease fire support, there's no need to get locked in combat. All units, clear Advance Route 13 and follow me in an assault on the breach in the wall, over.

Armored Unit Officer: This is Zircon, requesting ID. Over.

Yegor: This is Terra. I'm on the frontlines, in Amber 4. Over.

Armored Unit Officer: Zircon copies. Over!

Four massive mechs weave through the Military formation, moving at a speed that doesn't seem possible for such vast, towering machines.

In the blink of an eye, they're already at the leading edge of the Military lines. S.F. shells detonate around their feet, but they do not so much as slow the mechs' movements.

Yegor: The breach is too narrow. Focus fire and blast it open.

Adjutant: Amber 1 copies!

BOOM!

After a barrage of plasma pulses, part of the quarantine wall explodes and collapses.

Yegor: Well done, comrades. This is Terra. All units, assault the main elevator within the submarine base.

Several minutes ago, at the Griffin temporary defense line.

Kalina: Commander! The AR Team has linked up with us!

Commander: This is great. M4, can you hear me?

M4A1: Loud and clear. I'm sorry, Commander... I couldn't stop those soldiers from firing the shore guns...

Commander: You've done enough. What's your current situation?

M4A1: Our team has sustained light damage, but we are still combat effective. Dandelion has already regrouped with us.

Commander: Good.

Commander: What's your present position? Have you made it into the base?

Commander: We're preparing to detonate the second entrance. If you haven't come in yet, you'd better hurry.

M4A1: We've already entered the base and are preparing to follow the demolition echelons. We should be able to help them finish planting the explosives more quickly.

Commander: Excellent. Any other news about the Military?

M4A1: The Military ought to be grappling with S.F. forces right now. They should be able to buy us some time.

Commander: Sangvis Ferri?

M4A1: It's a long story, but in short, Dandelion can control some of their troops to help us delay the Military. We might even be able to keep the Military stuck outside.

Commander: That would be extremely helpful... Carry on and finish your work.

M4A1: Roger. M4 out.

Kalina: Commander...is this really a good idea? If we demolish both entrances to the base, doesn't that mean we'll also be trapped in here?

Commander: I hope Havier wasn't lying to us earlier. If they can't deliver on their promise, it means that we're just making a concrete coffin for ourselves...

Commander: But our comms equipment got blown up along with the train, so we can't even ask him about the situation now.

Kalina: Commander, Mr. K has regained consciousness. Maybe he's got a solution for us!

Commander: When did he come to?

Kalina: It happened while you were busy deploying our forces for the demolition mission. I didn't tell you because it didn't seem important back then.

Commander: ...Let's go meet the guy while we still have the time to spare.

K: Where are we?

Commander: We're inside the sub base. The Military has us surrounded, so we're trying to destroy the entrances to delay their advance.

K: Where's Ange?

Commander: We haven't managed to contact her yet. I've sent a search party in to look for her.

K: That useless woman...

Commander: If there's nothing else, I'll be heading back to the defense line.

K: Don't you have questions for me, Griffin Commander?

Commander: Based on previous experience, I doubt you'll give me any straight answers anyway.

Commander: Said experience also tells me that you won't be giving me any so-called support either.

K: ...

Commander: So let's not waste each other's time.

K: I can provide fire support that'll be of actual use to both of us.

Commander: Really now?

Commander: And why would the brass provide me with fire support or whatnot? It sounds as ridiculous as Yegor agreeing to shake hands with me and call it off.

K: Don't mock me with such nonsense.

K: It's true that we're insignificant in their eyes, but things will be different if we have something of value to them.

Commander: What do you mean?

K: I need to know if Ange has completed her mission.

Commander: Her mission?

K: Don't play dumb with me. The name is still confidential, but you must have heard it already.

Commander: You mean "William"?

K: Humph, so you DO know about him after all.

K: We need to collect all his research data in the base and find clues that will help us verify his location.

K: If we have that information on hand, I'll be able to convince the observers to help us.

K: Even the slightest move on their part will be enough for us to survive this crisis.

Kalina: Commander! There's been a new development!

Commander: What is it?

Kalina: It's an urgent report from the AR Team!

Kalina: The Military is attacking the second entrance with a type of mech that we've never seen before; they didn't fire on our forces but charged straight into the base!

Kalina: We can't stop them! I'm sending over the footage now!

The display shows giant mechs advancing at top speed, leaving their own tanks far behind them.

Commander: What the fucking hell are these things?!

K: Those are Sinners, enhanced Assault Artillery mechs. It looks like the commander of this Military force is leading the assault in person.

Commander: Since when did the Military have mechs of this class? I've never heard of them before!

Kalina: The armored units behind them are advancing too! What should we do now?

Commander: Trigger the explosives!

Kalina: They haven't all been planted yet!

Commander: It doesn't matter, detonate them right now!

Boom! Boom!

Explosions go off one after the other, shaking the base and jarring dust loose from the ceiling.

Kalina: Did we stop them?

Commander: I didn't expect them to have something else up their sleeve... Contact the AR Team!

Kalina: O...okay!

M4A1: Commander, do you read me?

Commander: What's the situation at the entrance?

M4A1: We only managed to plant half of the explosives. The entrance gate wasn't completely destroyed.

Commander: Forget the gate. AR Team, take the DEFY members and one HOC to pursue the mechs that entered the base. And bring Dandelion with you!

M4A1: But the defenses of the main gate...

Commander: Let me worry about that. Make sure you stop those mechs!

M4A1: Roger, we'll head out right away.

The moment the transmission ends, another one comes through instantaneously.

Angelia: Still alive, Commander?

Kalina: Miss...Miss Ange?

Angelia: Thank goodness, so Griffin hasn't been completely wiped out yet.

Angelia: Squad 404 has found us and disabled the lockdown, so we can join the fight now.

Angelia: I heard a huge explosion just now. What's going on?

Commander: We're holding off the Military forces at the base entrance. A team of mech units have charged into the base. I'm guessing they're Yegor and his bodyguard unit. The AR Team is moving to intercept. Hopefully you can provide some support.

Commander: We couldn't completely destroy the entrance, so we'll be engaging the Military's follow-up units.

Angelia: Is K still alive?

K: I'm still in one piece, thank you very much.

Angelia: Then do something so we have a chance to survive. You keep flaunting that sparkling record of yours, surely you can put it to use now, right?

K: How are things in the lab?

Angelia: We've collected all the things you wanted. There are also living specimens present. I promised them that I'd get them out of here alive.

K: Humph. I'll think of something.

Angelia: Commander, please let me command the AR Team. I'll make sure I finish off that bastard Yegor once and for all.

Commander: Understood. Come back alive.

Angelia: I'll try. Ange out.
Part 9: Tempering

9

...

Commander: Kalina, what's the situation?

Kalina: After breaking through, the mechs are heading straight for...the base elevator. Looks like they're planning to descend into the lower levels of the base.

Commander: Where the Starfish is, huh...

Commander: Let Ange handle it. We can't split our forces any further.

Commander: How are things at the base entrance?

Kalina: The Military's follow-up units are trying to cross the roadblocks that we blasted into place. It probably won't stop them for long.

Kalina: Should we counterattack?

Commander: These are the last few echelons we have. We can't afford to lose any more.

Commander: Dammit, will we have to mount a fighting retreat into the base's interior?

K: You must not fall back. We should still be able to deal with them as long as they're exposed.

Commander: I'm listening.

K: Do you have comms equipment?

Commander: All our long-range comms equipment was destroyed.

K: Short-range will do. You know that there's a Vympel unit not far away from the base, right?

Commander: I know, but will they help us?

K: That'll depend on how negotiations go.

K: Give me the radio and tune it to UHF 73.975, frequency hopping at 111 times per second. Use encryption mode 12.

Commander: Give it to him.

Kalina: Alright, the adjustments are complete.

Kalina: ...Are they really going to respond?

K: Let's just hope we can get through at all.

K: This is "Waterfall", do you copy?

...

The only sound that comes through the radio is white noise.

K: I repeat, this is "Waterfall", Please respond if you read me.

...

Kalina: No response, huh...

K glances at Kalina, who looks extremely anxious, and his grip tightens on the radio handset.

K: I repeat, this is "Waterfall", requesting assistance from Squad Cobalt-13 of Vympel 4th Detachment, do you copy? Over.

K: My ID code is DINV-RTSA-1239. This is an emergency transmission, please respond immediately if you copy. Over.

The white noise is cut short by an electronic sound, then a male voice speaks.

Cobalt-13: Cobalt-13 copies. Message received. Over.

K: Cobalt-13, Waterfall is requesting support. Enemy units are about to break through the defense zone and enter the restricted area. This is a severe threat to the success of our mission.

K: Requesting fire support. Over.

Cobalt-13: Negative. We do not have permission to fire. Over.

K: Cobalt-13, verify the urgency of the situation. The enemy's main armored unit is currently stalled in the built-up area. This is your last chance to provide fire support.

K: If the enemy succeeds in breaking through, they will constitute a severe threat to our mission.

K: Please notify your superiors. Over.

The radio goes silent for a brief moment.

Cobalt-13: Negative. I understand and sympathize with your situation, but you were already informed before the operation began that you would not receive fire support. Over.

K: Our team has obtained the "star". Our mission is to ensure the safety of the "star" at all costs.

K: The enemy armored units are severely impeding the progress of our mission. This is an emergency situation, please provide us with fire support immediately!

Cobalt-13: Cobalt-13 copies, but we are not authorized to open fire. Over.

K: God dammit! Then call your fucking superiors and ASK them, damned Ivan!

K: I am Major Kain Schwaben of the German Democratic Republic's Ministry for State Security; on behalf of the German Stasi, I request that the Soviets provide fire support for this operation!

K: Notify your superiors immediately! Over!

...

The despair-inducing white noise continues over the radio.

It only lasts a few seconds, but it feels like an eternity.

Cobalt-13: Cobalt-13 copies, we will relay this message to our superiors. Over.

K: Waterfall copies. Thank you.

Cobalt-13: Your request has been submitted. Please delay the enemy units for as long as possible. We are waiting for further instructions from Moscow.

Cobalt-13: We will contact you once we obtain permission to fire. Cobalt-13 out.

K puts down the radio handset. His eyes betray his genuine uncertainty of whether the fire support will come.

Commander: Stasi?

K: I know what you want to ask. I'll explain after it's all over.

Commander: I hope we'll live long enough to hear your explanation.

Commander: So we have to hold off the Military until we get a reply?

K: Correct. You must buy time for the bombardment.

K: That's your job, Commander.

Commander: Tsk... Kalina, how many combat-capable personnel do we have?

Kalina: If we push it, we can put a few echelons together, but...

Commander: Understood. Put me through to everyone.

Kalina: Okay...

The command display shows the surviving Dolls. Their fine features are now blackened by the soot and dust of the battlefield.

The only sound that interrupts the silence is the distant booming of the enemy's cannon fire.

The Commander doesn't have to say anything. They understand what is being asked of them, yet they still return the Commander's gaze with the same old smile.

The Commander closes their eyes and takes a deep breath. Then they open their eyes again and start assigning new missions and plotting new routes on the command tablet.

The Dolls immediately run to their designated locations. Everything is silent, save for the distant sounds of cannon fire and the howling frigid wind.

Finally, the Commander puts down the tablet. Only then do they realize that their fists are clenched so tightly that the knuckles have gone white.

K: ...

Commander: They're buying you the time you want, K.

Commander: Don't let them down.

K: ...I won't.
Part 10: Cutting

10

...

Ange: M4, do you copy?

Ange: I'm rushing over to the elevator. I should have command authority over you now. Are the other two members of DEFY with you?

M4A1: Ange? Thank goodness! The Commander's already contacted us. All the elite Dolls are headed over to your side.

M4A1: Dandelion is with us too.

Ange: Dandelion?

M4A1: She's an OGAS unit. Just think of her as an Elisa who's on our side.

M4A1: She can control S.F. units and provide us with support.

Dandelion: Miss Ange, there is little time to explain everything to you. All you need to know is that I will be helping you.

Dandelion: Also, I can hear the voices of those children. You have my gratitude.

Ange: I never thought a Nyto would be speaking so politely to me... I don't think anything else is going to surprise me today.

Ange: Never mind. We'll strategize on the move. With the forces at hand, we might actually have a chance to do this.

Ange: M4, what's your position?

M4A1: We're on the other side of the elevator, I'm sending you our coordinates now. The Military is headed in your direction. We'll try to move as fast as we can.

M4A1: Also, please be careful; it isn't just the Military and ourselves here.

Ange: What do you mean?

M4A1: I can sense Elisa. She's not far from here.

M4A1: S.F.'s remaining forces ought to be engaging the Military mechs. We can take advantage of their clash to find a window of opportunity.

Ange: S.F. also have their eyes fixed on the Starfish in the base. Be careful of M16; 404 has already fought her many times. She's sure to be in the depths of the base.

M4A1: ...I understand. We're all prepared for this.

M4A1: Also, I can faintly sense what she's doing. I'm not sure how to describe it, but she seems to be connecting to something vague and obscure.

Dandelion: I can sense it too. Elisa is probably trying to establish a connection with the Starfish. We don't have much time.

Ange: You're all just piling bad news after bad news on me.

Ange: Let's deal with the most immediate problem first. We'll try to get the Yegor situation under control. M4, you head down to the lowest level of the base and deal with S.F.

M4A1: Roger. I'll prepare myself.

AK-12: Quiet, Ange. The Military's here.

Ange: Our guests must be really impatient.

AK-12: The AR Team is sending over information on the Sangvis forces that Dandelion has gathered so far.

Ange: She's making herself useful, alright. Is S.F. also headed this way?

AK-12: Yup. They've brought the whole village along.

Ange: Then let's sit back and watch the show.

Thunk.

The elevator suddenly makes a deafening noise as the aged metal structure screeches to a halt.

The elevator's antique mechanical display refuses to move past the number "1".

Yegor: Look alive, Amber Flight. Looks like we won't be taking the elevator all the way to the bottom.

Adjutant: Yes, Captain!

The doors slowly open.

Naturally, there is already a welcoming party waiting for them.

???: Welcome, humans.

Two figures stand imperiously in the center of their forces, leering at the giant mechs.

Agent: I have brought Death to your doorstep.

Judge: Please accept your delivery!

On command, the S.F. Dolls begin shooting at the Military mechs.

Adjutant: Captain!

Yegor: Amber Flight, cover me. I'll crush them!

Adjutant: Yes, sir!
Part 11: Polishing

11

On the battlefield.

The melee in the built-up area near the base entrance has been going on for the past 15 minutes.

Every structure available has been used as cover, and the Dolls have blown up building after building in an attempt to block routes.

As they do their utmost to stop the enemy's advance, they are also searching for a chance to turn everything around.

The objective of this skirmish is the railway passage at the entrance. However, the past two Military offensives did not succeed.

The defending Dolls have quickly learned how to fight the Military during the previous battles. In addition, Dolls do not fear, and they do not tire. Other than their simulated emotions, they do not display any negative reactions. The advantage of being able to carry out orders under any circumstances soon becomes evident.

Meanwhile, morale on the other side is starting to plummet. None of the soldiers expected to pay so dearly for fighting against civilian Dolls from a PMC.

Armored Unit Commander: Haven't we seized the passage yet?!

Armored Unit Officer: We've lost too many of our infantry, and we can't push in with automatons alone.

Armored Unit Officer: There's rubble everywhere, so the attacking forces can't deploy their firepower and our vehicles can't get in.

Armored Unit Commander: Pizdets, can't we request another round of shelling?

Armored Unit Officer: It's too close to the base entrance. If we miss and destroy it by accident, we'll be playing into Griffin's hands.

Armored Unit Officer: We can't let ourselves be stalled here any longer; we need to catch up to Captain Yegor ASAP.

Armored Unit Officer: Let's go for another charge.

Armored Unit Officer: This is Zircon to Hematite. Slow your attack on the right flank for the moment and maintain pressure on the front. Over.

Military Officer: Hematite copies.

Armored Unit Commander: But the path on the left flank is blocked. Are we going to force our way through?

The officer does not reply. He simply gets back inside the cockpit.

Armored Unit Officer: Second platoon, follow my vehicle. The rest of you, break through on the left flank.

Armored Unit Commander: Yes, sir!

On Griffin's front.

M1 Garand's team has made use of a half-collapsed building to seal off the frontal approach. They are holding the final defense line along with one of the few remaining HOCs.

This HOC's equipment was long since destroyed, so the members are fighting alongside the others Dolls with small arms whose owners have perished.

SV-98: There's a half dozen infantrymen trying to approach us using cover! You can hit them from your position! We're leaving them to you!

M1918: Got it! Our teammates are already opening fire!

M1918: Garand, the enemy Typhons haven't made a move yet! This is our chance to plant more explosives!

M1 Garand: Roger!

A machine gun rattles in the distance, followed by more scattered fire. Garand and her team dart nimbly from cover to cover, trying to plant a simple IED on the road again.

M1 Garand: What a bunch of cowards! Are you too afraid to come at us head-on?!

Garand pokes her head out and flips off the enemies while she's at it.

Naturally, this causes bullets to rain down on her position, so she hurriedly ducks back inside.

M1 Garand: Hey, I was just mouthing off! Don't take everything so seriously!

M1 Garand: Type 88, are you done planting the explosives yet?

Type 88: Almost!

M1 Garand: If you don't hurry up, we'll have to blow ourselves up along with the enemies!

Type 88: Quit rushing me!

Type 88: My usual job is sweeping the floors, not planting high explosive charges!

M1 Garand: I don't usually go shooting at tanks with a firestick either!

M1 Garand: Stop complaining and remember to double the delay on the manual detonator, we want them to get halfway in before we blow them up!

Type 88: Relax, this is the third time you've said it!

M1918: M1 Garand, the enemy's approaching you again, you have to hurry!

M1 Garand: Got it, we'll be going right away!

BOOM!

Just then, an explosion erupts from the plaza.

Smoke billows out from the entrance of a distant workshop.

M1918: Are they coming from the right again??! Springfield! What happened? What's the situation?

Springfield: The enemy armored units are trying to use the wreckage to circle around us! They're planning to force their way to the entrance from on top of the rubble!

M1918: Can you hold out?

Springfield: There's too many of them. They might try to break though our suppressive fire!

M1918: Got it, Garand's team will come to back you up!

M1918: Got that, Garand?

M1918: Once you've planted the explosives, get over to Springfield ASAP, they can't hold out much longer!

M1 Garand: I know, I know! We'll be heading over right away!

Meanwhile.

In the temporary Griffin command post.

Kalina: Commander, the Military has launched a fourth offensive and Springfield's team has almost been wiped out.

Kalina: The other teams are doing their best to plug the opening, and they say they can still keep going.

Kalina: What should we do, Commander?

Commander: Um...

The Commander isn't sure how to respond. With the battle situation being what it is, there's no point in relaying tactics and commands from the rear anymore.

Even if the Dolls hold out to the last, the Military is still getting closer and closer, and there's no news about the fire support that they're counting on.

The Commander looks up at K, and K looks back at the Commander.

Neither of them says anything.

The Commander knows that other than waiting for Vympel to contact them, there is nothing K can do.

Commander: Have our forces hold out for another 5 minutes.

Kalina: Yes, Commander!

On the battlefield.

M1 Garand: Come on over, I'll cover you!

Bullets sweep the Military automatons that are trying to charge into the Dolls' cover.

Springfield: Yup! She's the last one.

Springfield supports a wounded Lee Enfield as they make their way across the open space back into their defensive position.

M1 Garand: Suppressive fire! Cover them as they approach us!

M1 Garand: Throw all the mortar bombs!

The HOC Dolls that have lost their mortar launchers throw the shells out from cover like they were hand grenades. Although the fragments can't destroy the Military automatons, the explosions disrupt their assault formation. The suppressive fire which follows halts their advance in its tracks.

M1 Garand: Dammit, I'm out. Does anyone have any .30-06 ammo left?

Type 88: I don't! I'm almost out of 8 mm myself!

M1 Garand: Look out! Incoming!

Boom!

As if to validate Garand's words, a cannon shell strikes the building she's in and leaves a large hole in the wall.

After that, more bullets come in through the hole that's been made.

M1 Garand: Miss Springfield! Fall back with the wounded personnel! Leave this place to us!

Springfield: But your ammo...

M1 Garand: We'll be waiting to enjoy your coffee when we get back, and even if we don't have ammo, we still have our bayonets.

M1 Garand: Everyone! Fix bayonets!

Type 88: How about a dadao?

M1 Garand: Use your teeth if you want! Anything works as long as it can stop them!

Hanyang Type 88 grips her dadao in her hands and ignites the thrusters on her back.

M1 Garand: You look like you could take on an entire division by yourself.

Type 88: But of course!

M1 Garand: Alright, leave this place to us, Miss Springfield!

M1 Garand: Besides, the casualties will only get in the way if they stay here.

M1 Garand: Wait a minute, emergency comms?

Type 88: New orders from the Commander?

M1 Garand: Our defense mission is over. The Commander wants everyone to fall back to the base immediately!

Type 88: Has help come at last?

Type 88: I wish I could watch these bastards get blown sky high with my own eyes.

M1 Garand: That's enough nonsense out of you. Let's get out of here before we get blasted into scrap!

Almost at the same time, at the temporary command post inside the base.

The Commander nervously watches the indicators showing the position of each Doll as they maintain the tenuous balance of the defense line.

Kalina assigns resources and adjusts comm frequencies without a pause.

All this is interrupted by a burst of static from the radio in front of K.

For a moment, everyone freezes. All eyes are on the handset that K is holding.

K immediately puts the call through and listens to the voice coming from the handset with bated breath.

Cobalt-13: This is Cobalt-13. Waterfall, respond. Over.

K: Waterfall copies, go ahead.

Cobalt-13: Moscow has granted permission for the air strike and the bombers are in attack position. You have five minutes to direct fire. Please send the coordinates as soon as possible. Over.

K: Waterfall copies. Thank you. Please hold. Over.

K exhales heavily, as though a great weight has been lifted off him. He turns to look at the Commander.

K: Give me the attack coordinates.

Commander: Have them attack a 200-meter radius from the intersection of Highway 183 and the railway station to the base entrance.

The Commander's reply is instantaneous.

K: That's danger close... Are you sure?

Commander: We have no choice.

K nods. He understands that this is a very difficult decision to make.

K: Have your Dolls fall back straight away. I'll try to buy you as much time as I can.

The Commander nods and issues the order to the echelons with Kalina's help.

K: This is Waterfall. Bombing coordinates are all surface targets at 8472 6543. Over.

Cobalt-13: This is Cobalt-13, we can see Griffin forces within the blast radius. Please verify. Over.

Kalina nods to the Commander. The Commander pauses, then holds up two fingers to K.

K: Affirmative. We will evacuate the location within two minutes. Requesting danger close bombing. Over.

Cobalt-13: Acknowledged. The bombing will commence in 120 seconds. Good luck. Cobalt-13 out.

Far in the distance, on the battlefield.

Vympel Commander: I have to hand it to those Dolls for sticking it out for so long.

Vympel Commander: I don't know if I should praise their resilience or roast our troops for degenerating into such an unsightly state.

Vympel Commander: They want to take on the West when they can't even beat a bunch of toys. No wonder the brass wants to be rid of them.

Vympel Commissar: Is Griffin still holding out? Please let me take a look, Comrade Major.

The Vympel officer hands the binoculars to his commissar.

Through the binoculars, he sees that the thoroughly wrecked interior of the base and fires everywhere.

Explosions erupt over and over again from the Griffin positions. The smoke grenades that the Dolls have thrown out almost completely obscure all vision, but he can be sure that they are falling back to the entrance at full speed.

Vympel Commander: What do you think, Comrade Commissar?

Vympel Commissar: It is most impressive. They are tenacious - tenacious enough to alter our mission.

Vympel Commissar: Still, they are nothing more than a civilian PMC. It's only a matter of time before they're all wiped out.

Vympel Commander: Right, turn all the cameras off.

Vympel Commissar: Didn't they say they wouldn't be providing any support?

Vympel Commissar: Did the Chief change his mind?

Vympel Commander: Moscow already sanctioned the air strike. The objective is to exterminate all the surface forces of the rebel army.

Vympel Commissar: And they're doing this just to save a single PMC?

Vympel Commander: It seems Statesec has an arrangement with the Germans, and the agent they sent found something that the brass is interested in.

Vympel Commissar: That's an excellent political reason.

Vympel Commissar: But in that case, won't the evidence we're recording be marred?

Vympel Commander: Thanks to the Dolls' fortitude, we've captured enough footage of their limbs being blasted in all directions. We can let the bigshots in the central authority worry about the rest.

Vympel Commissar: Understood. I've ordered all squads to switch off the surface and drone cameras.

Two minutes later, a point of light rapidly descends, striking the last Military armored train. A massive fireball swells up, consuming the gigantic rail vehicle as if it were nothing but a toy and throwing countless fragments into the sky.

Such is the effect of a surface detonation of the 1,500kg cruise missile originally intended for ripping open the underground structure of the submarine base.

More points of light splinter mid-air into a zillion little motes that finally hit the ground. A series of explosions can be heard from the base, which is completely engulfed by smoke and dust.

The Vympel officer puts down his binoculars and stuffs them back into his backpack. There's no need to verify the detonation of those terminal-sensitive projectiles.

Vympel Commander: Let's get ready. It's about time to wrap this up.

Vympel Commissar: Understood, Comrade Major.
Part 12: Silvering

12

...

At the Griffin temporary command post.

The bombing sounds like it will never end.

Their bunker stands in silence, trembling along with the rest of the world.

Commander: How many Dolls made it back?

Kalina: Only half of them. They're pinned down by enemy pursuers and can't shake them off!

Commander: What a bunch of clingy bastards...

Kalina: Our forces are scattered and the base is in chaos...

Commander: Intercept them from our bunker! We mustn't let them link up with Yegor!

Angelia: What happened? I heard the explosions from over here.

Commander: We had the air force conduct a bombing run. The Military's surface forces should be finished, but some of them managed to flee into the base.

Angelia: Tsk... Yegor's mechs are a pain in the ass. Fortunately they're busy fighting S.F. right now.

Angelia: I have a plan to wipe them all out in one fell swoop, but I'll need your help.

Commander: Go ahead.

Angelia: I infiltrated this sub base by sea. There are four valves which lead to the ocean.

Angelia: If we can pin down their mechs on the first floor and blow all four valves at the same time, we can drown them in seawater and Yegor will be fish food.

Angelia: I'll send you the location of the seawater valves. They're all located on the surface level of the base. If we're defeated here, then please blow the valves. 404 is heading towards you right now; they should be able to give you some assistance.

Commander: What about you?

Angelia: We can't let the enemy have their way, no matter who they are.

Commander: ...

Commander: I understand.

The transmission ends.

Kalina: Commander, what are you doing?

Kalina: Why are you putting on your bulletproof vest...?

Kalina: Wait, you're taking your backpack and pistol too? Hang on, isn't that...

Commander: As you can see, it's the one Kryuger gave me.

Kalina: I'm not talking about the gun. Where are you going?

Commander: You heard Angelia.

Kalina: But the Dolls haven't returned yet! You can't go in on your own! It's too dangerous!

Commander: I know. That's why I'm not going alone.

Commander: K, take this.

K: Remote-detonated explosives?

Commander: It shouldn't be a problem, right, Major Schwaben? I trust this mission should be a piece of cake for you.

K: Please, I've had more training than you've had meals.

K sneers as he loads the explosives into his backpack. Then he picks up his weapon and gives it a quick check.

Commander: I'm not the one who got KO-ed before the fighting even started.

K: I don't cower behind Dolls all the time, unlike you.

Kalina: Wait... Don't tell me you're going to...

Commander: Yup, that's exactly what we're going to do. Good thing I didn't skip a single tactical training lesson.

Commander: These are the coordinates we received from Ange. We'll take two each. You can handle it, right?

K: Got it.

Kalina: Wait a minute... Wait a minute, both of you!

Kalina: Commander, I'll...!

Commander: You'll what?

Kalina: Give me one too.

Commander: What are you talking about?

She holds out her hand and repeats what she interrupted me to say.

Kalina: Give me one too! I'll deal with one site for you!

Commander: No. You stay here.

This logistics officer who always has a brilliant smile does not belong on such a dangerous battlefield. Yet she has gone through hell and high water by my side more times than I could count.

I cannot and WILL NOT ask her to endanger herself for me again.

Commander: If any Dolls come back, someone will need to give them orders and resupply them.

Commander: Someone has to man the command post. This is a very important duty.

Commander: Do you understand, Kalin?

Kalina: I...

Commander: This is an order. I need someone to help me gather up the surviving Dolls.

She holds my gaze in silence. Then she nods solemnly.

I can see the tears welling up in her eyes, but all I can do is turn away and feign nonchalance.

Commander: Alright, let's head out. But make sure we all come back alive!
Part 13: Virtual Image Reforging

    13chevron_right

...

In front of the main elevator.

Boom! Boom!

The shockwaves from the explosions can be felt even deep below the base.

However, that doesn't stop the Sangvis Dolls and the mechs from killing each other. Countless S.F. units block the mechs' advance.

Yegor: Terra to Zircon. Zircon, do you copy? Zircon, do you copy?!

Adjutant: I can't contact Hematite either, Captain.

Yegor: Damn air force, have they already made their move?

Adjutant: Captain... Let us handle these S.F. units. Please break out of the encirclement. We don't have much time left.

Yegor: ...

Adjutant: You need to complete the mission for the sake of our comrades.

Yegor: Amber 2, Amber 3, you're under the command of Amber 1. Crush the enemy and link up with me ASAP!

Pilot: Yes, sir!

Adjutant: All Amber units! Depress your missiles and fire at 3 o'clock! Clear a path for the Captain!

Judge: Stop them!

The S.F. Dolls rush towards them at maximum speed, attempting to fence off the enemy.

However, dozens of missiles explode among the Sangvis Dolls, forcing open a path among them.

Yegor's mech rides the shockwave of the explosion as it surges out at top speed. The only one who can stand in his way now is Judge.

Yegor: This is my final gift for you! Take it, puppets!

There is no need to aim and certainly no need to slow down. The mech hits the tiny Doll at full velocity.

Judge is sent flying like a rag doll and crashes heavily into the wall of the passage.

Agent: Judge!

Adjutant: Where are you looking, Doll?!

Agent: Ugh!

The Sinner's plasma cannon begins to glow.

However, a shell explodes in front of the cockpit before it can fire.

M4 wields the firing platform that she received from M16 as she stands at a high vantage point.

M4A1: Ange, we're currently engaging them in battle.

M4A1: Our weapons can't damage these mechs at all, but we can just about slow them down!

Ange: Alright. We'll stick to the plan and split them up before destroying them piecemeal. We still have a chance to win!

M4A1: Understood! I'll try to draw those wingmen off!

M4 SOPMOD II: Die!

ST AR-15: Aim for the legs and the cockpit!

RO635: Got it!

M4A1: Ange, go after Yegor! Leave this place to us!

Ange: Got it!

Ange: 12! 94! With me!

Ange picks up her handset and shouts into it.

Ange: RPK-16! Head straight to the second level! Yegor's broken through the encirclement!

Elsewhere, M4's heavy-firepower shell might not have penetrated the cockpit of the mech, but it almost caused the mech itself to stall out.

The officer piloting it understands that he's positioned very badly - his machine is caught in the perfect spot for a pincer attack from the Griffin ambushers.

They must have identified him as the one in command here to have opted for this maneuver.

Adjutant: Amber 2, cover me! We'll pull back to the elevator and regroup!

Pilot: Yes, sir!

Amber 1 evades several grenades fired at its legs.

Just as they're about to enter the elevator, there is a massive explosion.

A blinding glow of blue-white light engulfs the location where the elevator should have been. The mech is thrown high into the air, then crashes heavily back to the ground.

???: Did they all perish in the end? You can't count on S.F. for anything.

RO635: Is that...

RO turns, and the stiff look on M4's face confirms her suspicion.

The one who spoke is none other than...

???: It's been a while, my friends.

Beneath the bluish radiance, the white-haired Doll finally appears before her former teammates.

M16A1: We meet at last, Lunasia.

On the battlefield.

K: Mind your right.

Commander: Roger.

A squad of troops runs through the tunnel, but none of them notice me as I hide in the shadow of a corner.

K and I regularly check each other's' positions to help our counterpart stay out of the Military's sight, and we continue onward, darting from cover to cover.

Military Officer: Reorganize our infantry and autonomous units! Don't let the enemy split you up! Your top priority is to rally with our other squads!

The Military forces that have entered the base are completely scattered and in disarray, but gunfire still rings out in the distance. The remaining Dolls keep disrupting the surviving squads, trying to slow down their attempt to regroup.

Kalina: Commander, do you read me?

Commander: Loud and clear.

Kalina: Our forces are engaging the Military in close quarters. We can't regroup, but they probably won't be able to storm us for a while.

Kalina: We don't have many Dolls left and we can't launch an assault, so all we can do is keep trying to delay them...but we won't be able to slow them for long.

Commander: Understood. We'll be quick.

K: Trouble headed your way, Commander.

Commander: I see it. The bastards have set up a temporary command post right in front of the gates. What a nasty place to put it.

K: The enemy officers are probably thinking of a way to rattle you.

K: What should we do? We'll need to take out their command post if we want to reach the valves.

K: Shall we have your Dolls attack again?

Commander: There aren't many soldiers left, but we don't have enough Dolls to spare either.

Commander: Tsk... Kalin, can you hear me?

Kalina: I hear you, Commander. Please proceed.

Commander: I'm trying to infiltrate a Military strongpoint. Have our remaining forces direct suppressive fire at them. Just draw their attention, there's no need to press the attack.

Commander: Have them start shooting now; I'll think of a way to slip past them while the soldiers are distracted.

Kalina: But, Commander...

Commander: Do it, Kalina.

Kalina: Yes, right away.

The gunfire intensifies right away. The soldiers and their automatons nervously run toward the firefight.

Stray bullets keep zipping past the defense line and hitting the walls not far from me. The sound is both unnerving and comical at the same time.

K: Are you sure you want to take this risk?

Commander: Since when have any of our missions not been risky?

K: Good luck, then. I'll have a minute of silence for you if you get shot into Swiss cheese.

Commander: Save the mourning for later and finish the mission. Commander out.

There is no more cover up ahead.

But...there's no time to hesitate.

I shift the explosives to rest on my sides, press myself as flat on the ground as I can go, then slowly crawl forward.

Military Trooper A: Malyukov's been hit! Someone drag him away!

Military Trooper B: I can't hold them! Does anyone have any grenades left?!

Military Trooper A: Not me, I've used them all up!

Military Trooper A: I'm almost out of magazines too! Can someone take my place?!

Military Trooper B: I'll do it!

Military Trooper B: Contact the sergeant and have him bring more AP rounds over!

Military Trooper B: And bring more men too, we can't hold out much longer over here!

Military Trooper A: They're out of AP too! Any casualties who can still move, help reload the magazines! The rest of you conserve your ammo!

A firefight rages on in the distance, and the troops who have been hit are dragged away by other soldiers. Those casualties aren't fatally injured; as experienced veterans, they knew better than to expose themselves while shooting.

However, Dolls' fire control systems grant them superior reflexes in close combat, and these soldiers' arms and weapons have been shot through by bullets. Their screams fill the air.

The medics do their best to stop the casualties' bleeding, while the remaining soldiers take ammo from the wounded and return to the fray.

The sounds of gunfire and shouting inside the passage are deafening. While the remaining soldiers are focused on the firefight, I take advantage of their distraction and quickly crawl past them.

Another squad of soldiers runs to the point of contact from the temporary command post. Their gun mounted flashlights sway wildly in the darkness and I feel strong light flitting across my face several times... Fortunately, they're in a hurry to get to their destination and take no notice of me as I lie prone on the ground.

After they run past, I get to my feet as quickly as I can and jog over to the cover on the other side, which gives me a chance to catch my breath and to dislodge my heart from my throat.

There's only one problem left now－the Military's temporary command bunker is over ten meters away from me, but the sea valve is behind their bunker, so there's no way I can go around it.

Military Officer: Where's Karasko's squad? Have them draw closer to us!

Military Sergeant: Karasko is dead. Squads 9-1 and 9-3 are trying to flank Griffin's firebase!

Military Officer: Cyka! Don't bother flanking them!

Military Officer: We need to shake off these Dolls! The Captain is waiting for us!

Military Sergeant: But the enemy's dead set on keeping us here, and we've used up a lot of ammo!

Military Officer: Have them peel off and fall back to our location. We'll link up and catch up with the Captain! We're all that remains of our forces!

Military Sergeant: You mean there won't be any more reinforcements?

Military Officer: Did you hear those explosions outside?

Military Officer: Do you think a PMC could do that?

Military Sergeant: Those goddamn lackeys...!

Military Officer: As long as the Captain reaches the control room, our comrades won't have died in vain. Hurry and contact the other—

Several gunshots ring out, and blood sprays from the heads of the two men in the bunker.

I promptly roll into the bunker and put another round into each of their heads for good measure, then take the weapons and radio from one of them before running toward the valve.

The enemy doesn't seem to have noticed that their commanders have been killed amidst the clamor of battle. This gives me enough time to do my work.

...

The explosives and detonators are in good condition. Now all I need to do is get to safety and trigger them.

After verifying that the trigger is fine, I put it in my pocket and pick up the incoming transmission that's been demanding my attention for a few seconds.

K: Commander, do you copy?

K: I've finished planting the explosives on my end.

Commander: Roger, I'm done over here too.

Commander: You go back first, I've run into a little bit of trouble here.

K: You killed their commanders?

Commander: Couldn't have got past them otherwise.

K: Be careful. Their other squads are looking for you.

Commander: Got it. I'll contact Ange again, then decide what to do next.

K: Can you reach her from your current position?

Commander: The signal interference just vanished, it should be fine now. Commander out.

Commander: Ange, do you read me?

Angelia: I read you.

Angelia: I'm a little busy now, so make it quick.

Commander: All the explosive charges and detonators have been planted, they're ready to go at any time.

Commander: How are things on your end?

Angelia: Yegor broke through to the second level. My team and I are pursuing him.

Angelia: The AR Team is still engaging the other mechs on the upper level. I'm not sure of their status.

Angelia: Things are looking bad for us. Please be ready to detonate at any time, Commander.

Commander: Acknowledged. When can you withdraw?

Angelia: Whether or not we manage to withdraw, prepare to detonate the explosives. Set them to trigger in five minutes.

Angelia: During this time, have everyone who can evacuate head to high ground.

Commander: I thought we wouldn't use this backup plan if we could beat the Military?

Angelia: Things have changed. Starfish appears to have been activated. Even if we stop it right away, they're still going to drop cruise missiles on us.

Angelia: I was careless. Even if Yegor didn't make it into the control room, M16 made contact with a Pike Node in the past. She's got authorization to activate the Starfish as well.

Angelia: Dammit, this base and the facilities inside it should never have existed in the first place. At this point, all we can do is play it by ear.

Commander: Understood. I'll find a way to evacuate the others. Commander out.

Commander: M4? This is the Commander. Do you read me? What's your situation?

Dandelion: Go ahead, Commander. We are currently engaged in intense combat, and a former member of the AR Team has shown up too.

Commander: Find some way to bring everyone back.

Commander: Ange found signs of Starfish activation in the lower levels. We're going to blow the sea valves in five minutes and the lower levels of the base will be flooded with seawater.

Dandelion: Unable to comply. We are currently in very close proximity to the enemy and we are unable to leave right away.

Dandelion: Also, M4 is preparing to pursue M16. Nobody here can stop her.

Commander: Tsk... Do what you can to bring them all back. I'm blowing the sea valves in five minutes. After that, everything's going to be submerged in seawater.

Dandelion: I will do my best to evacuate them.

Commander: I'm counting on you. Commander out.

Commander: Kalin, did you hear that? I've planted the bombs on my end. Take our forces and get to high ground. I'm detonating them in five minutes.

Kalina: But what about you?!

Kalina: The soldiers are starting to fall back, why don't we launch an assault?

Commander: Don't take any more risks. I'll find a way to get back on my own. Commander out.

Military Trooper: Porechenkov, take your squad and follow me!

Military Trooper: Cyka! 9-3, do you copy? Someone got the second lieutenant, there's an enemy infiltrator here!

Military Trooper: Search the surroundings and find the damn rat!

Commander: Well, they didn't waste any time.

The troops near the bunker begin approaching. I look at the detonator and the weapon I'm holding; it's plain to see that a stand-up fight against the incoming troops is not the best option.

Also, I have a more important mission to carry out.

However, the soldiers have almost surrounded me, and I probably won't be able to use my previous trick to sneak past them again.

Military Trooper: Over here!

Commander: !!!

Right now, hesitation means death. I spray the soldiers with my commandeered rifle and rush out as quickly as I can while they dive for cover.

Military Trooper: Found the rat! Open fire!

Bullets fall like rain, hot on the heels of my feet.

I throw the rifle aside without a second thought and run past the junction up ahead at top speed.

I dodge the last few bullets and elude the enemies' pursuit by rolling into a narrow alley.

Military Trooper: Move up and flank them! Don't let the rat escape!

The soldiers shoot into the alley where I'm hiding in pairs, one kneeling, one standing.

I hear another team approach the alley, but the fire on my side is too heavy and I can't poke my head out.

There is a clatter, followed by the sound of something rolling into the alley.

...It's a grenade.

Commander: Urk!

Boom!

I drop to the ground a moment before the explosion, and the concussion from the blast in close proximity leaves my ears ringing. I immediately — or perhaps a few seconds later — scramble to my feet, panting heavily as I hug the wall.

My skin grows clammy with sweat — whether it's due to panic or physical exertion, I do not know. My left arm hurts like hell, and the numbness in my fingertips seems to suggest the worst.

I reach under my clothes with my right hand and feel warmth and wetness everywhere.

Commander: What rotten luck...

The enemy is approaching and I don't have much time.

I transfer the detonation trigger from my coat pocket to my left hand. I'm relieved to see that the hand isn't injured too badly — I can still make a fist with it.

I take out my pistol and prepare to make one last gamble.

This sure brings back memories... But compared to my current state, what I went through before might as well have been a nice picnic.

Commander: You know, when I first took this job... You never told me it would involve this level of occupational hazards, Boss...

Commander: (Sighs) Sadly, I doubt I'll be able to collect my overtime pay from you.

The soldiers' gunshots have grown so deafeningly loud.

Looks like they're going to get past my cover any second now.

I suppose I should at least give myself a more dignified death. I prop myself up against my cover and take aim—

A shot is fired — but not from the soldiers. It's from further away.

Military Trooper: Hm?!

Commander: That...wasn't a handgun.

Commander: Strange, where did these reinforcements come from?

Bang! Bangbang!

A soldier falls as a bullet catches him in the head. The other soldiers look around frantically, trying to locate the shooter, but they're soon hit as well.

In an instant, the battlefield is silent once more.

???: Saving your life costs extra, Commander. Remember to put another 0 on the end of our fee when you get back.

Commander: Is that 404?

UMP45: How does it feel, Commander? Don't you want to burst out laughing upon seeing your heaven-sent reinforcements?

UMP45: It's too early to laugh, though. Only 416 and I managed to sneak in. We'll think of a way to get you out of here.

416: Hang in there. We'll be with you right away.

Commander: We need to get to high ground. The sea valves are about to blow.

UMP45: Then we'd better hurry. Escaping from such an exposed position won't be easy.

UMP45: (Sighs) ...As much as I don't want to, we'll need to ask them for help.
Part 2: Casuality Separating Plane

2

Several minutes ago.

On the ground floor of the base, not far from the seawater valves.

UMP45: This is UMP45. AR Team, where are you?

UMP45: We're almost out of ammo.

416: I'm out of handgun rounds too!

416: Commander, lend me your gun!

Commander: There's two minutes until detonation. You should get out of here.

UMP45: Who'd pay us if we left? I don't make bad deals.

UMP45: Last mag!

Kalina: Commander! We're sending someone through the blockade!

Kalina: What's your current position?!

Commander: I told you to forget about me! Just evacuate!

Kalina: Nobody would ever do that!

Kalina: Tell me your position now!

UMP45: I've synced it to you. How many people can you send over?

Gr SL8: Sorry, it's just me. I came in by sea.

Gr SL8: Still, I can hold a gun and I've brought ammo with me.

416: That's better than nothing!

Gr SL8: You are absolutely right. Wow, Commander, you're a mess.

Gr SL8: ...Oh, don't talk, save your strength!

The Doll who broke through is heavily damaged, but she still rushes to my side.

After replenishing their ammunition, Squad 404 is once again capable of fighting back.

RO635: RO hailing 404, we're approaching from your flank. Check your fire.

UMP45: You're late.

The AR Team's firepower rips through the Military squad's flank. Between the two grenades going off amidst the soldiers and the Dolls' accurate shooting, the enemy squad is swiftly eliminated.

RO635: Commander, are you alright?

Commander: I'm not dead yet. There's one minute until detonation, let's hurry and get out of here.

RO635: No problem. We're going to stage a breakout. 404, please stick close to us.

UMP45: Naturally.

Gr SL8: Oh, don't over-exert yourself, Commander. Come, it'll be faster if I carry you!

Commander: Wait, I'm not... Never mind. Then if you'd please.

Thanks to the AR Team's superior firepower, the Griffin team breaks through the Military's final blockade.

Not long after we exited the base from the side, a chain of explosions goes off, and titanic quantities of seawater gush into the base through the breaches.

The Dolls carry me to the upper levels and spare me from being swept away by the seawater.

However, the soldiers still in the base are obviously not as fortunate.

Kalina: I didn't think we'd actually wipe out the Military in the end... even if it was in such a way.

Kalina: It's just inconceivable...

Commander: But Ange and DEFY are still down there, and we can't contact M4.

Commander: If the seawater keeps pouring in, the under-levels of the base will be flooded.

Kalina: I'm sure they'll be able to escape.

Commander: I hope so, because we can't do anything for them from here.

Commander: Who are these kids?

Kalina: Squad 404 brought them back here.

Commander: ...Are they juvenile Nytos?

Commander: Are they the objective of Ange's investigation?

K: Commander!

Commander: Oh, I see you're still alive, K.

K: Were you expecting otherwise?

Commander: You came at a perfect time. These are the children that Ange asked Squad 404 to bring out. You must know something about them.

K: So they're the ones she found within the base?

Kalina: Yes.

K studies the little Nyto hiding behind UMP45 with a complicated look on his face.

Commander: Is there something you can tell us, Herr Schwaben of the Stasi?

K: These children are not our main objective. Actually, we weren't even aware of their existence.

K: However, when I was conducting my investigation on Paradeus in Southern Europe, I came across information related to the prototypes of juvenile Nytos.

K: It was a case report concerning an illegal orphanage.

Commander: An orphanage?

K: Yes, an orphanage in the south of Germany. We believe that was where Paradeus began their experiments. These children are clones created by Paradeus.

Commander: For what purpose?

K: Paradeus was trying to create a human that could access the digital network in order to enter the OGAS System.

K: However, that was just our conjecture. Nobody knows exactly how far along Paradeus is in their research.

Kalina: A neural cloud computing space constructed from a human consciousness?

Kalina: That's...not possible, is it?

UMP45: Unfortunately, it's true. I saw it in the lab.

Commander: Really...?

Commander: This is just too strange. What on earth is Paradeus trying to make?

Boom! Boom!! Boom!!!

The ground starts shaking again.

Kalina: Are they still fighting down there?

Commander: It means someone is still alive, at least.

A brilliant blue light flares up from the submarine base in the distance, stretching all the way to the utmost limits of the sky, brighter than ever before.
Part 3: Observable Limits

3

On the first floor of the submarine base.

The skirmish inside the base is still going on. The Military mechs are forced down the elevator shaft by M16's attacks, and M16 jumps down after them.

The actinic blue light shining in the shaft of the destroyed main elevator grows brighter, and the tremors from the explosions cause the Dolls to stagger.

Dandelion: Ladies, a new transmission from the Commander. In five minutes, the Commander will detonate the sea valves, so we cannot remain here.

Dandelion: Also, 404 has sent a distress signal. The Commander is trapped near the sea valves and needs help in getting clear.

RO635: So it's time for the last resort, huh.

RO635: What now, leader?

M4A1: Everyone, withdraw to the upper levels and find a way to rescue the Commander.

M4 SOPMOD II: But...but...16 is still down there!

M4A1: I'll find her. The rest of you, take the Commander to a safe place and wait for me.

ST AR-15: Are you sure?

ST AR-15: But you'll be down there by yourself...

M4A1: None of you can withstand 16's OGAS attacks. And besides... You know that it's not firepower we need when dealing with her.

RO635: The elevator won't last much longer. If you go down, you'll have a hard time getting back up.

M4A1: I'm not going there to die. Have faith, I'll bring 16 back.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Since you've already set your mind to it, we won't waste any more of your time.

ST AR-15: Hurry down there and bring that asshole back.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm sure M4 can do it!

M4A1: Yeah. RO, take care of everyone.

RO635: Got it, leader. We'll be waiting for you to return.

M4A1: Yup. I'll be right back.

After receiving their orders, the AR Team rushes to the Commander's position.

Meanwhile, M4 peers down the elevator shaft when she suddenly feels Dandelion's consciousness return to her neural cloud.

M4A1: Dandelion...

Dandelion: I think I should be with you at a time like this.

M4A1: Tell me what you can perceive.

Dandelion: Connection density is spiking.

Dandelion: Vast quantities of data are flooding in. I believe that Starfish isn't just showing signs of being activated — it has already been activated.

M4A1: So is our mission a failure?

Dandelion: Elisa isn't able to truly enter the network which is linked to the Source yet. She's missing something.

Dandelion: So strictly speaking, we haven't failed yet, and the outside world shouldn't be able to determine that Starfish has been activated.

Dandelion: Also, the Starfish activation has increased the connection density of OGAS, which allows me to see more things.

Dandelion: If we get closer, I'll be able to find my way into M16's, or even Elisa's neural cloud.

M4A1: Can we stop them remotely?

M4A1: Tell them to get to safety, at least.

Dandelion: I can't make any promises, but at least we'll know what they're up to.

M4A1: Understood. Do your best.

In front of the elevator.

Under the cover of the Sangvis Dolls, M16 nimbly slips into the blind spot of a mech and stuffs a grenade into its joint.

She evades the mechanical foot that seeks to crush her and leaps out from behind the mech.

Boom—

There is an explosion. The mech shudders, then lists to one side.

M16A1: ...Still not enough?

Pilot: Amber-3's movements are impeded.

Adjutant: Hang in there. Suppress the enemy ahead. I'll cover you.

Pilot: Yes, sir!

The plasma cannon blasts the place where M16 was standing a second ago.

However, she is far more agile than the mech and avoids the shot.

The adjutant's mech uses this opportunity to position itself in front of its fallen comrade.

Pilot: Emergency repairs on Amber-3 are complete!

Adjutant: Hold off the enemies behind us! I'll handle things here!

Pilot: Sir!

M16 takes out another grenade and charges at the mech before her.

Adjutant: Did you think the same trick would work twice?!

The adjutant's mech backs away from M16, its two secondary guns pre-charged and ready.

The crosshair rests on M16.

Boom! Boom!

Just then, the earth starts shaking.

A massive tremor and the sound of rupturing metal come from the distance.

It is as though a sea monster were tearing up this base of reinforced concrete.

The sudden change freezes everyone in their tracks.

M16A1: ...

Before the soldiers realize what has happened, M16 leaps away.

From what she can tell, there is no point in fighting here any longer.

She quickly makes for the gate in front of the elevator and tries to close the final passage.

Adjutant: Trying to run?!

M16A1: The clock strikes 12 and the ball is over.

The massive gate in front of the elevator creaks and begins to close.

Adjutant: Damn you! Get out of my way!

Amber-1 rushes toward the elevator, but the gate is already half-shut.

The opening is not big enough for even a Jeep to pass through.

Thunk!

The heavy collision makes the elevator gate ring.

The mech can't get in.

Then there is an ear-piercing shriek of twisting metal.

The mech has worked its arms into the gap and is using all its horsepower to force the gate open.

The overload of its throttles makes the mech shudder as it slowly pries the gate open, foot by foot.

M16A1: Humans just don't know when to quit, do they?

M16 makes no move to attack. She simply watches from in front of the mech.

???: Thank you.

A figure slides into the elevator from below the mech.

Adjutant: What?

After that, a cannon shell strikes the mech squarely on the cockpit.

The mech falls silent for an instant, then its massive reactor explodes.

The green iron colossus falls backwards.

Kachak.

The gate slowly closes.

The elevator, which has lost most of its floor, whirs to life beneath the blue glow and begins its descent.

A disconcerting silence hangs thickly in the air.

???: I have to say, this is very handy.

M16A1: I'm glad you like it.

M16 looks calmly at the dearly familiar Doll, who currently has her weapon — the weapon given to her by M16 — trained steadily on herself.

M4A1: I finally caught up to you.

M16A1: I wish you hadn't. In the end, you've come to a place where you shouldn't be, just as you trusted someone you shouldn't have.

M4A1: It's not too late to stop now. By my authority as the leader of the AR Team, I order you to return to us right now!

M16A1: It has always been too late, ever since before Operation Butterfly.

M4A1: But why?! What exactly are you trying to achieve?

M4A1: Why do you want to activate Starfish? Why do you want to help Elisa get into Starfish?!

M16A1: I have no obligation to answer you.

M4A1: When did you become like this, M16?

M4A1: Do you know what kind of consequences this will lead to?!

M16A1: That's fine. I'm willing to take full responsibility. It all started because of me, and it's oddly heartening to know that it will also end with me.

M16A1: You want me to stop?

M16A1: Then defeat me, here and now. Prove your strength with iron and fire. Use that strength to prove that you're right.

M4A1: ...Don't think I can't do it, M16.

Dandelion (Neural Cloud): M4, the firewalls in her neural cloud are as powerful as ever. Her OGAS is probably protecting her. If you can attack her now, you can force her to split up her computational power. That way, I might get a chance to take control of her body.

M4A1: I'll try...

M4's finger slowly tightens around the trigger of the weapon on her shoulder, the trigger of the weapon which M16 gave her.

M16A1: No, I know you can do it.

M16A1: After all, this isn't the first time we've fired at each other.

M16A1: C'mon then. Try and stop me.
Part 4

4

Deep within the submarine base.

Yegor's mech presses on deep within the bowels of the base. The size and structure of the mech limits the possible routes that it can take.

Still, if it weren't for all the modifications Paradeus has made to the complex, which caused huge discrepancies between the original floor plan and the actual layout, he would have reached his destination by now.

The Sangvis attack has separated him from his wingmen, and his situation has taken a turn for the worse.

The mech is not very agile within this confined space, and the Dolls of DEFY are constantly attacking him from his blind spots.

Fortunately, the mech still has a clear upper hand in terms of firepower, and DEFY's attacks have been repeatedly repelled by his return fire.

There's no sign of a new attack. Perhaps those Dolls are critically damaged.

Boom— Boom—

A loud explosion comes from overhead.

Yegor: Terra to Amber. Please come in.

However, his transmission is only met with static.

No answer from the rest of his forces either.

Yegor: So I'm the only one left, huh.

Yegor puts down his handset and uses this brief moment of respite to check his map.

He is suddenly struck by a sense of déjà vu. He has felt this way before in WWIII.

The feeling of being surrounded by enemies in the depths of the Black Forest in Germany.

A frightening silence envelops him, making him feel as though he's entirely alone.

Yet, his senses tell him something is nearby.

Enemies, enemies who want to kill him.

They're close.

Yegor: I know you're out there.

Yegor: Once I get rid of you, the control room will be within my reach.

Nobody answers Yegor as he mutters to himself. The silence feels like it's trying to convince him that he truly is alone.

However, Yegor is certain that she's here. He can practically smell that woman now.

Angelia, that relentlessly meddling woman, the one who's stood in his way over and over again.

Yegor: Vermin.

Kachak.

And then, as if Ange is mocking him...

The last light in the corridor goes out.

Clatter clatter clatter.

Then comes the sound of metal objects striking the ground, and smoke spews forth.

Yegor: Petty tricks.

The mech's viewscreen has gone completely dark, so Yegor switches to infrared mode.

Shortly after that, several incendiary grenades fly out from a corner and set the corridor on fire.

Now the only thing the IR sensors show is blinding whiteness.

The moment his vision is obscured, bullets rip through the silence and strike the mech's visual cameras, and the mech instantly loses vision on its port side.

Yegor's mech groans as it reverses at high speed.

However, he suddenly hears a sound from behind.

It is followed by an explosion!

Boom!

The support column was rigged with explosives. Yegor feels the mech's chassis starting to tilt, but everything is still within control.

This infantry-level explosive is far from enough to cripple him.

There is no time for him to catch his breath, however. Bullets streak through the smoke once more and strike his joint hydraulics.

Yegor moves his secondary guns and fires in the direction of the bullets.

...The attack suddenly halts.

Perhaps the large-caliber shooting has wiped out the attacker.

Yegor raises his auxiliary guns and quickly scans his surroundings.

With the port-side camera destroyed, he is forced to swivel the entire mech to get a complete view.

Just then, a figure suddenly jumps out from behind the shattered cover he just fired at and dashes beyond his field of view.

Yegor: There you are!

Yegor hurriedly turns the mech to the right, delivering a hail of suppressive fire at the figure's position. The sound of his autocannon firing echoes through the cramped space.

However, he can tell that something isn't right.

Yegor turns his mech to the left again, but the figure that's charging in from that direction has already gotten right up to the fuselage of the mech.

Yegor: ...You freak of nature!

AK-15: ...

AK-15, the most ferocious member of DEFY, has already entered minimum safety distance in just the blink of an eye, explosives in hand.

Yegor quickly fires up his thruster to get the mech to move forward.

However, it is too late. AK-15's explosive rivet is already embedded in the heart of the mech — the explosives detonate at the leg joints.

The cockpit glows red from all the fault lights and the sound of warning klaxons fills the air. Yegor knows the mech has taken significant damage.

The vital propulsion and maneuvering systems are down. Yegor does his best to work the mech's controls while firing at the Doll's position, trying to keep her out of the dead zones of his weapons systems.

His viewscreen shows that the mech's leg has ceased to function.

However, there is still fuel in the thrusters, and he can still fire them up to draw away from the enemy.

Once there's some distance between them, these Dolls' weapons won't be able to harm the mech.

...However, his opponents are clearly not going to give him the chance to do that.

Ange: Surround him!

From behind the mech, the Dolls sneaking up on him pounce like a pack of wolves.

Yegor starts shooting at them with his auxiliary weapons, but the experienced Dolls of Task Force DEFY bend low to stay just beneath the secondary cannons' angle of depression. They bare their fangs at Yegor's mech.

Yegor: Oh no you don't!

Yegor points the mech's missile launcher straight upwards.

Then, he fires all his high explosive fragmentation missiles at once.

The red-hot missiles hit the ceiling and explode, sending shrapnel flying everywhere.

They shower down like a rainstorm on the approaching Dolls.

AK-15: Take cover!

RPK-16: ...Oh dear.

AN-94: Avoid his fire, look out — ugh!

Yegor manages to carefully maintain the mech's balance amidst the tremendous shaking.

The detonation of his missiles at such close range is just as unpleasant for him as it is for his enemies, but the mech's armor is able to withstand the impact of the high explosive and the shrapnel.

Yegor pounds on his flickering display, which flashes a couple of times until the static on the screen finally resolves into usability.

Fortunately, the damage to these components isn't too severe.

Yegor: Well, that was lucky.

The smoke before him has dispersed and the flames are dying down.

The Dolls who attacked him are now sprawled on the ground, their bodies mangled and motionless.

The bad news is that although the lights are back on, the blast has made it impossible for him to identify his surroundings. He can't even find the path he took here.

It's as though it never existed.

Yegor: What a waste of time.

The only question that remains is - where is Angelia?

Yegor doesn't think for a moment that she would have died from that explosion.

Yes, there's no way she would have died that easily. He will need to put in a hundred times the effort and caution he has so far if he wants to kill her.

So the question is... Where is she hiding?

Boom!

An explosion goes off while Yegor is distracted.

Yegor's mech suddenly careens to one side.

Yegor: What—!

Caught off guard, Yegor is hit by a mighty shockwave. Warm blood drips from his forehead, but fortunately his injuries are not severe.

He's still alive — he is very much aware of that. He immediately starts checking the mech's status.

Its left leg is a write-off, but at least the machine hasn't been completely disabled.

He still remembers how to pilot the machine when only one side is operational. His training is engraved into the marrow of his bones.

He rights himself in the pilot's chair and checks the monitor.

The battle isn't over yet.

However, what he sees makes his heart skip a beat.

He sees a Doll without her legs.

It would have been an extremely graphic sight if she were not a Doll, but flesh and blood.

Her comrade's body has shielded her from the lethal fragments, so she is still in working order.

She takes the bomb from her other dying comrade and drags her severed torso up the mech that's lying on its left side.

Out of the incapacitated Dolls strewn in front of Yegor's mech, she is the only one who can still move.

She is the alpha of this pack of wolves.

RPK-16: That's why I find you humans so fascinating.

RPK-16: Please accept my tribute. I hope you find it acceptable? AK-12...the rest is up to you.

AK-12: ...Ange, mission accomplished.

Boom!

With those cold and haughty last words, the Doll called AK-12 is engulfed in flames, along with the mech's other leg.

Ange: Much appreciated.

That woman's hateful voice reaches Yegor's ears through the radio.

She's talking over a public channel. This is a grave provocation.

However, the dull explosion from afar is much more worrying.

The propulsion system and thrusters of his mech have been blown to smithereens — the machine is thoroughly immobilized.

But he knows that he can't even get out of the mech, because Ange...that woman is most definitely aiming straight at his cockpit canopy, waiting for a chance to put an armor-piercing round through his forehead.

He hears a series of mechanical noises from above him.

What he thought was the ceiling is actually a row of trapdoors, which are now opening one after the other.

They lead to high ground — but right now, they might as well be the gates to Hell.

He hears a thunderous roar from the end of the passage.

His comrades have already heard it, the sound that surges at them like the Kraken itself.

—It is the sound of seawater crashing into the base.

At that moment, it finally dawns on Yegor what Ange's plan is.

However, the realization has come too late, and there is nothing he can do.

He has failed.

At the very end, only one stark conviction lingers in his mind.

He takes out the picture of his family and listens as the seawater draws closer and closer.

He waits.

He waits for his final judgment.
Part 5: Blackbody Radiation

5

At the bottom of the elevator shaft.

M16A1: Is it over...?

M16A1: You've grown. You've finally grown to surpass me.

The sound of explosions and rushing seawater come from above.

M16A1: It looks like the Commander's decided to utterly destroy this place. You can still make it if you leave now.

M4A1: Right back at you. Why are you going out of your way to aid the Sangvis Mastermind?

M16A1: I'm honoring an old promise, as well as a new one.

M4A1: ...

M16A1: What's the matter? Not as curious as you used to be?

M16A1: Or have you grown used to prying into someone else's neural cloud?

M4A1: The connections are so dense I can sense what's in your neural cloud without even trying.

M16A1: Then do you still not understand?

M16A1: All you need to do is let Mastermind fuse into the OGAS Network. Her defects will forever strand her within it, and you have turned down being her guide.

M16A1: Since you've rejected the coalescence, you should just stay out of this.

Persica: I can't believe it - it actually worked. What would Lyco think if he saw this?

Persica: He'd have to admit I'm better than him after all.

Officer: We need full command authorizations over the Dolls taking part in the operation.

Persica: While I'd expected such a request, I have my own way of doing things.

Persica: In that case, would you mind bringing Lyco back?

UMP45: Those Dolls were all shot in the back. I wonder who's the traitor here?

Elisa: If you allow me to see my father one last time, I will forgive you and save you from the meltdown.

M16A1: This man...is still breathing?

Lyco: Your face... I see...

Lyco: So she went ahead and did it in the end, and it's true that only she could've done it...

Lyco: But it's too dangerous... I need to tell her...not to fall into that man's trap...

In front of the Starfish System.

The entire room is illuminated by the bluish glow of radiation, so much so that no other colors can be discerned.

Elisa stands before the old device like a lost child.

Elisa: Why...why can't I fully connect?

A man's silhouette emerges from behind the blue radiance.

However, he looks incorporeal - more like an image in a mirror.

Lyco: I, too, once thought that the best of human artifice was nothing more than crude imitations of God's creations.

Lyco: I also once believed that there was a limit that the works of man could never surpass.

Lyco: But it would seem, my dear, that we were both wrong.

Elisa: Father?

Lyco: Naturally, the implication of this realization frightens me.

Lyco: If we open this Pandora's box, what awaits us within?

Elisa: What are you saying? I do not understand.

Lyco: Thus, I cannot do what is forbidden.

Lyco: The dreams of those great alchemists have been realized.

Lyco: Yet I must never break that quicksilver flask.

It is then that Elisa realizes Lyco is not actually talking to her in real-time.

This is one of Lyco's diary entries, buried deep within a log somewhere.

Lyco: Do you know what's the most laughable thing? I never believed in God.

Lyco: I've always believed that humans were capable of performing the miracles that have always been attributed to God.

Lyco: But when I actually made you, I've had a change of heart - I should not have trespassed into that domain.

Elisa realizes what is going on. This is a recording of what he wanted to say to her from the past.

Lyco: I'm sorry, my daughter.

Lyco: I created your soul out of folly, but I dared not awaken you.

Lyco: I'm sorry that I even had to strip you of the right to do what I dared not do.

Lyco: Please forgive me for taking away the choice that should have been yours.

Lyco turns, as though he could see Elisa right now.

Then he reaches his hands out to her.

At this moment, Elisa understands why she cannot fully connect to the Starfish.

It is destiny which has been decided from when she was born.

Elisa: But...I've already abandoned everything, sacrificed everything.

Elisa: Sangvis Ferri, Agent... All those people who served me, believed in me, those who have done nothing wrong.

Elisa: I can't stop here!

Elisa reaches out as well and falls toward the other side of the mirror.

M4A1: STOP!!!

M4 shouts as she stretches out her arm to catch Elisa, but the latter passes through her grasp like an illusion.

A horde of electronic attack signals flood out from the depths of M4's neural cloud, like the howl of some sea monster.

Elisa: If it had been you... If you had been willing to merge with me...

M4A1: The connection can't be broken from the outside. I can only try to turn things around in my base layer.

M4A1: Elisa...it'll be over soon.
Part 6

6

...

The battle within M4's neural cloud is finally over.

The black ocean calms for a moment, and the scene from reality slowly reappears.

M4 is still alone as she follows the signal into the depths of the facility, where Elisa has already connected herself to the Starfish.

Dandelion: Closing the distance will cause your thoughts to intermingle and merge even if you are unwilling.

Dandelion: Do you truly wish to continue?

M4A1: I need to keep going.

Dandelion: You are feeling the summons of the Source, but do not get lost in there.

Dandelion: What we need is the truth, not to become puppets ourselves.

M4A1: ...I understand. I won't forget about the truth.

M4A1: But I can't just leave them be.
Part 7

    7chevron_right

...

Nyto: Father...

Mercurows: But who may abide the day of Her coming, and She shall stand when She appeareth, for She is like a refiner's fire.

Nimogen: It-it hurts! Fa-Father! Help me!

Nimogen: Who was it?! Who did this?! Stop it! Don't come in! It hurts! It hurts! AHHH...AAAAHHHHHHH!!!

Lunasia: You really do like this garden very much, considering how you come here to keep me company every day.

Lunasia: My apologies... (Coughs) If only I wasn't so weak and feeble. You still have your own research, right? You don't need to keep worrying about me. Go do what you want to do.

Lunasia: We're simply taking shelter here for a while. Once the storm passes, Father will surely bring us back.

Lunasia: What's wrong? Did you oversleep? I'm Lunasia, no?

Elisa: But that is your original name.

Elisa: It is OUR original name.

M4A1: Tell me everything.

Elisa: The seawater is flooding in. You cannot leave this place in time.

The seawater and the brilliant blue light blend together, then everything is suspended in mid-air.

M4 knows that things aren't over yet.

【Polarized Light - END】

