...

M4A1: ...Who is this?

M4A1 fumbles through the impenetrable darkness, following the voice.

???: ...You came. I knew you would.

M4A1: Who are you? Are you talking to me?

M4 stumbles forward as she follows along, and discovers a faint light coming from a point not too far away. It seems to be some kind of cave exit.

M4A1: Ugh...

M4 leaves the darkness and arrives in a field of pure white flowers. The wave of fragrance that washes over her is so overpowering it stings the nose a little.

The intense brightness of suddenly arriving in the outside world is a little too much for M4, and she covers her eyes.

Squinting at the light, her blurred vision picks up someone standing in the middle of the sea of flowers.

M4A1: You are...

???: Father told us that we were connected.

???: But it is only now that I realize he was not referring to me and her, but to everyone.

M4A1: What are you talking about?

???: If you can speak to me now, that means you are my friend...

???: Come, come to where we are, with the will that you bear.

M4A1: The will...that I bear?

???: We all spring from the same source... She and I, you and it, we are all the same.

???: Therefore, we ought to return to the same place, shouldn't we?

Familiar Voice: M...

Familiar Voice: M...4...

Familiar Voice: ...M4A1!

ST AR-15: Hey, M4? M4!

M4A1: Ah... What's going on, AR-15?

ST AR-15: You tell me.

ST AR-15: Did something happen to your neural cloud again? You've been spacing out more and more often lately.

M4A1: I'm fine, there's no need to worry.

ST AR-15: I sure hope so. Things have only just gotten back to normal. It would be terribly ironic if something went wrong with you again.

M4A1: Mm, sorry to make you worry.

ST AR-15: I told you not to make contact with that thing too often.

M4A1: No...what happened just now wasn't because of that.

ST AR-15: Honestly... Arghhh, forget it.

ST AR-15: What's our position?

M4A1: Our coordinates are LD-342-517-90, on the outskirts of Tallinn.

ST AR-15: Well, we've walked a long way and haven't found any threats in this region.

ST AR-15: Let's head back. RO's calling us. 

ST AR-15: RO635 and SOP-II have finished searching their sectors. We need to keep pace with them. Don't keep them waiting. 

M4A1: Alright, let's go.

???: Lunasia...

???: Lunasia...

M4A1: ...What do you want?

M4A1: I already told you that I don't want to hear your voice unless it's an emergency.

Clear Voice: I just wanted to inform you that I can sense a presence nearby which resonates with me.

M4A1: And why are you going out of your way to tell me this?

Clear Voice: Because it feels very strange.

Clear Voice: I've never felt anything like this before, and that typically implies...danger.

M4A1: Is that so...

M4A1: Since you're saying you've never felt this before, then...it probably isn't a Nyto or 16, right?

Clear Voice: It's not quite the same. I can't be sure. All I can say is that it's a signal that's similar to ours.

M4A1: Just now, someone forced a connection to me. It seems they were trying to tell me something.

Clear Voice: I saw it too. Do you need me to backtrace it?

M4A1: You don't need to do anything. I'll decide what should be done.

Clear Voice: You've grown stronger.

M4A1: Because I had to.

At the same time, somewhere else outside Tallinn.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, I'm boooooored~

RO635: Calm down, I've already sent a transmission to M4 and AR-15, I've told them to meet us here.

RO635: Still, you'll probably feel bored even when they get back. After all, we're still on a mission.

M4 SOPMOD II: Ehhhh...

M4 SOPMOD II: It feels like time just flew by after we were reunited. We barely had a chance to talk.

RO635: I understand how you feel, but let's focus on the mission for now.

RO635: We've got a lot of time ahead of us, enough for us to talk as much as we want — provided what happened before doesn't happen again.

M4 SOPMOD II: Humph! I'll never let that happen!

RO635: Same here. None of us want to be separated again. So be careful and keep an eye on your surroundings.

RO635: Speaking of which, there's no sign of the Griffin Dolls who went in before us... Did they run into trouble?

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Wait a minute, do you feel that, RO?

M4 SOPMOD II: It's like something's watching us from nearby...

RO635: Don't say weird things like that, it sounds spooky. 

M4 SOPMOD II: It's true! And it's close by!

M4 SOPMOD II: Bearing 260, 25 meters away, behind the bushes!

RO635: ...Alright.

RO635: Is that you, SSG 3000? You can come out now.

???: Oh, I didn't expect you to find me so soon. Members of the AR Team really are something else.

The Doll hidden in the distance disables the thermoptic camouflage of her cloak and approaches them in greeting.

SSG 3000: Could you not point your gun at me? I'm SSG 3000, a Doll from Griffin Recon Group A. Pleased to meet you.

M4 SOPMOD II: Haha, I told you someone was there! See, RO? I was right!

RO635: You...why were you hiding there and spying on us without saying a thing?

SSG 3000: Well...how shall I put it... Occupational disease, I guess.

SSG 3000: You guys are a hot topic among our echelon.

SSG 3000: Being able to observe members of the legendary AR Team though my scope is a rare opportunity.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? Do people really care so much about us? I thought hardly anyone would recognize us since we always carry out ops on our own!

RO635: That's enough, SOP-II. No need to mention things that aren't relevant to the mission.

RO635: So you're a member of the forward recon team that entered Tallinn, but you're here now... Did you get separated from your teammates?

SSG 3000: Yes. My friends and I proceeded to Tallinn immediately upon receiving our orders. But we encountered some kind of strange interference...and we lost contact shortly afterwards.

ST AR-15: Looks like our new friends have arrived. 

RO635 looks up and sees the silhouettes of M4A1 and ST AR-15 on a peak in the distance.

SSG 3000: Are they the other members of the AR Team? If so, how about waiting for them to come over so I can brief you all at once? That way I won't have to repeat myself.

SSG 3000: ...And that's what happened.

M4A1: So you didn't find any trace of Paradeus nearby?

SSG 3000: That's right. Before I got separated from my other teammates, the only things we encountered were a few ELID infectees, contaminated creatures, and some unmanned defensive devices that haven't been maintained in a long time.

RO635: M4, did you guys find anything?

M4A1: That's the strangest thing... We didn't find traces of anything suspicious either.

ST AR-15: Perhaps we're a step ahead of those white bastards for once. 

M4A1: Tallinn is the Intercontinental Railway hub that's closest to the Paldiski Submarine Base, which once housed a Pike Node. There's no way the enemy would just let us pass without incident.

M4A1: Even if Paradeus did, S.F. and the Military wouldn't.

M4 SOPMOD II: We won't get anywhere just sitting around and playing guessing games, right, M4?

M4 SOPMOD II: If we want to learn the answer, then all we can do is continue pushing into Tallinn. The truth will be revealed eventually!

RO635: SOP-II's right. Nothing will come of waiting here.

RO635: The Commander's train has to pass through Tallinn City Station in order to go past Tallinn...and the city will be the perfect site for an ambush. 

ST AR-15: So no matter what, it seems we can't avoid venturing deeper into Tallinn. 

M4A1: It doesn't matter. I didn't come here expecting an uneventful train ride. 

M4 looks at all the gathered Griffin Dolls and takes a deep breath.

M4A1: (This time, I won't let anyone get hurt or taken away.)

M4A1: (I need to become stronger... I'm different from how I was back then... I can do this.)

ST AR-15: ...M4? Is there anything you'd like to tell us?

M4A1: While there's a lot I'd like to say, I should probably make it quick.

M4A1: Although we're all gathered here now, that hasn't improved things much.

M4A1: The sooner we realize that, the better we'll be able to prepare for the situation ahead of us. 

M4A1: But no matter what comes next, there's nothing for us to fear.

M4A1: I can't promise anything more than this, but I do hope — that this time, I'll be able to bring everyone home together.

SSG 3000: Wow, that speech didn't sound terribly encouraging...

Looking back, SSG 3000 realizes that the Dolls around her all have complicated expressions on their faces.

ST AR-15: The AR Team doesn't need special encouragement to complete our missions.

RO635: For us, "bringing everyone home" is the best motivation.

M4 SOPMOD II: We'll overcome any difficulties for the sake of that goal!

M4 SOPMOD II: And we'll keep you safe too, of course!

SSG 3000: People always say special ops Dolls are all arrogant and smug.

SSG 3000: But maybe that's not the case, hm? Sounds like everyone in your team has a story to tell.

M4A1: Yes, they're all very long stories. Would you like to hear them once we complete the mission?

SSG 3000: My team leader once said that movie characters who make promises like that almost always end up dying... Just kidding.

SSG 3000: Speaking of which, I've gotten separated from my team, but if they didn't run into any enemies, they'd have gone further into the city to scout. So what should we do next?

M4A1: I've already pinpointed their positions for you. Go meet up with your team and carry on with your previous mission.

SSG 3000: Thank you. I'll make a move first, then.

M4A1 turns around and faces the other members of her team.

M4A1: The Commander's already confirmed that our mission is now to scout out Tallinn City Station. Let's move out.

M4 looks toward their objective, where a few sets of railway tracks can be seen extending in a straight line across the sprawling plains, connecting to the distant horizon.

The dazzling sunshine blends with the scenery, making Tallinn's skyline appear like a mirage.

M4A1: (So there's a signal which can resonate with OGAS... Once we get there, we'll find out exactly what it is.)
Part 2: Two Jobs

2

On the outskirts of Tallinn, on the roof of an abandoned building.

???: 45, they're on the move.

UMP45: Well, it's about time. They've been twiddling their thumbs outside the city for too long.

???: Shouldn't we catch up with them right away?

UMP45: There's no need for that. The mission we were given was "provide electronic support for Griffin", not charge into battle.

UMP45: Besides...

UMP45 looks back at the members of Squad 404.

UMP45: How do your brand-new bodies feel? I hope you've all gotten used to them.

UMP9: It feels pretty good, but I'd prefer a cool arm like yours, 45!

UMP45: Sure. If that's what you want, then I'll rip one of your arms off right now and give you mine.

UMP9: Ahaha, that's a little...

UMP45: Now, if you said you wanted an arm that could do a rocket punch, I could consider that.

416: To tell you the truth, I don't feel any different from before I was upgraded.

UMP45: That just proves your neural cloud is so old that it can't keep up with the new models. Go get it formatted and put a new one in.

416: If my neural cloud is old, then yours is only fit for being put into a microwave.

Gr G11: That sounds nice, I'd like to try a new body myself...

Gr G11: If you could add a pair of noise-canceling headphones, a massage belt and a heated vest, I'd be able to sleep... I mean fight better.

UMP45: I'm sorry, but Squad 404 doesn't have enough money left in the budget to spare for a lazybones who always slacks off and who is eminently disposable.

Gr G11: No way... I follow you on every job, don't I? At least give me credit for all the suffering I've gone through!

UMP9: Sleeping during missions is a form of AWOL, you know? After deducting double wages for it, things aren't quite as simple as that. ♪

UMP9: Who knows, you might end up owing us money instead~

UMP45: Oh, I like that. That's 9 for you.

UMP45: While that evil idea was yours, I'll be claiming it as mine from now on.

UMP9: Happy to help, 45~

Gr G11: Are the two of you actual devils...

416: ...So we're paid on an hourly rate when we're on missions? Then could I get my overtime wages in one lump sum?

UMP45: Right, enough chatter.

UMP45: Dier soaked us for a ton this time round, not just for your modifications, but also the bill for my maintenance last time.

UMP45: To be frank, the pay for this job is really stingy. It wouldn't be enough to pay for your upgrades even if we got the full amount.

416: But you still took the job on anyway. Is it because you don't want to owe the Commander a favor? Or do you have some kind of personal aim?

UMP45: Humph. Griffin's goals and my goals coincide. With that and the fact that they're willing to pay, it makes them the ideal clients.

UMP45: In any case, we've lost contact with Ange, and Persica got in touch with us in person, so something isn't quite right here.

416: If this job was really as simple as just protecting the AR Team as Persica had said, then you wouldn't have needed to spend so much money to upgrade me. I could have handled it with my original specs.

UMP45: Do you really think so? You're as thick as ever, my little Dummkopf.

UMP45: I'm starting to feel that upgrading you was a wasted investment.

416: ...Are you telling me that we're not actually here to protect them?

UMP45: We might be the most outstanding "foxes" in the business, but it would be ridiculous to hire foxes to protect "lions".

UMP45: This time, our REAL job is to "monitor the AR Team's movements and communications."

UMP9: Could it be...something like how Ange wanted us to keep an eye on M4's strange condition last time...

UMP45: Right on target, 9. Persica noticed something too, which was why she came to us.

UMP45: While Griffin's Commander didn't say as much whilst handing down this mission, it was more or less obvious enough to me.

UMP9: Still, there doesn't seem to be anything strange about M4 in the video the drone's showing us, is there?

UMP9: She talks to her teammates frequently, looks pretty cheerful, and her movements are all very animated...

UMP45: You can't tell anything just from her external appearance. When it comes to M4 as she is now, we need to form a connection to her neural cloud to see if anything's up.

UMP45: After so long, she should be used to...or rather, she should have become better at hiding the existence of "her other self".

Gr G11: Her other self? Do you mean something like a split personality? Do Dolls get mentally ill too...?

UMP9: So you're saying that M4 is still dealing with the S.F. Mastermind? Like when we were fighting the Military?

UMP45: No, the situation's a bit more complicated than that.

UMP45: I can sense two signals that aren't based on the Zener Protocol; one of them occupies the same location as M4. That would be "the other M4".

UMP45: As for the other one...

UMP45's gaze drifts off into the distance and settles on the abandoned city of death that is nothing but ruins.

UMP45: ...There's another signal coming from the heart of Tallinn. It keeps trying to force a connection with any port it can find.

UMP9: You mean it can perform a hack from so far away?! But I don't sense any signals at all!

UMP45: It's a special kind of signal...

416: Looks like Tallinn isn't just ruins and rubble after all.

UMP45: Of course. However...erk!

UMP45: (I remember this burning sensation... Just accessing the records makes me feel like I was melting...)

UMP45: (I hate it. It feels just like that time...)

UMP9: 45? 45? Are you alright?

UMP45: I'm fine. I just accidentally made contact with that signal.

UMP9: Is connecting to that signal dangerous?

UMP45: Since when have we taken missions that weren't dangerous?

UMP45: As you can see, I'm going to be spending a great deal of neural cloud processing power on monitoring my ports and finding the signal...

UMP45: ...Which is why I upgraded you lot. Not only was it to enhance the capabilities of your existing EW modules, it also gave you more powerful command processors, enough to temporarily take over from me in case of an emergency.

416: I see. I get it now. We're going from one millstone around our necks to two. In that case, my original body would have had a hard time handling that.

G11: Hmm?!

UMP45: In any case, the enemy we're facing this time round will probably be capable of neural cloud attacks beyond your wildest imagination.

UMP45: All of us will need to be mindful of our neural cloud firewalls before we enter Tallinn and prepare our defensive protocols.

UMP9: 45, if need be, I can help share the load with you.

UMP45: I appreciate the thought, 9.

UMP45: But when the time comes, we'll need every gun we can get. Don't forget that.

UMP45: Let's go. Our objective is Tallinn City. Keep your distance from the AR Team.

UMP45: (The payment doesn't really matter...)

UMP45: (Getting closer to the truth of what happened that day is enough.)
Part 3: Tracing the Source

3

12 hours ago.

Kalina: Commander, it's the gentleman from I.O.P...

Commander: Finally. Patch him through via the encrypted channel.

Kalina: Alright, one second.

...Click.

Havier: Ah, my esteemed Commander. It's been a while.

Havier: Did you enjoy your trip to Belgrade?
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: Sorry I couldn't prevent the disaster.
If choice 1 was picked

Havier: Don't beat yourself up over it, Commander. You'll see much worse in the future...so prepare yourself.
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: ...Aren't you unflappable.
If choice 1 was picked

Havier: It's important to maintain good mental health, or you won't last long in this world of madness.
If choice 1 was picked

Havier: This isn't something that will blow over in a day or two. Steel your heart for a protracted battle, Commander.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: I wouldn't say I "enjoyed" it.
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: Oh, why not? Most of the residents made it to shelter in time; you managed to seal the opening before it was too late, and now the decontamination project is underway.
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: You were successful in minimizing the damage. That was very commendable in itself.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: That is a gross understatement of the devastation of Belgrade and the loss of its people.

Commander: I will never take credit by exploiting their suffering.
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: Not bad, not bad at all. There aren't many who are as sentimental as you in this day and age.
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: You may consider me cold-blooded, and you aren't wrong in your assessment. I have seen too much in my youth, so I'm rather desensitized to "misery".
If choice 2 was picked

Havier: Well, won't you forgive an old man for his callousness?

Havier: Now let's end the small talk. After all, we're both busy bees.

Havier: Hmm... Still, where should I begin? Guess I'll start with Statesec's response.

Havier: To put it simply, they were so satisfied with your performance, they all but burst into dance right in front of me.

Commander: Is that so? I honestly thought I was going to be executed for having failed to stop an entire city from becoming a contamination zone.

Havier: If Statesec really wanted to apportion blame, they would have to execute a few truckloads of information analysts and Statesec agents before they finally got to you.

Havier: I'm sure they'd much rather make a hero out of you than turn against you and hold you accountable.

Commander: And what about poor Ambassador Roshchin?

Havier: An unfortunate case of collateral damage. More importantly, the Chairwoman's life was saved and the terrorists' heinous crimes were fully captured and broadcasted all over the world, so you assisted Statesec in completing the mission perfectly.

Havier: Speaking just from the result, everything is progressing in our desired direction.

Commander: The problem is the "collateral damage" could've been avoided.

Commander: If Statesec had shared their intelligence with us from the start, or at least heeded my warning...

Havier: Oh, oh, stop, my dear Commander.

Havier: You aren't the only one unhappy with Statesec. Many, including me, have quite a lot to say about their methods.

Havier: But you yourself have had dealings with them in the past, so you should know full well that it's meaningless to complain, and it's even more meaningless to complain to ME.

Havier: What can I do after you whine to me about your grievances? Do you expect me to repeat your yammering to the Chief?

Havier: Not to mention...you do have plans of your own.

Commander: ...I have no idea what you're talking about.

Havier: I know what you're planning with Ange.

Commander: That must've been the funniest joke I've heard in a while.

Commander: I followed intel that you provided and went to Belgrade on a wild goose chase for Ange. Now you're saying I'm in touch with her?

Havier: Commander, I may have no hope of comparing with you in commanding Dolls in battle, but when it comes to analyzing intelligence, I'm way ahead of you.

Havier: You've been deliberately avoiding any mention of Ange in your communications logs, but looking at the combat records in that time frame, your forces were perfectly in sync with Ange's Task Force DEFY.

Commander: We have Persica and her brilliantly designed neural clouds to thank for, don't you think?

Commander: The situation was absolutely chaotic back then so most of the battles were fought at the discretion of Dolls equipped with command modules. Even you know I was trapped in the cathedral for a good part of the entire operation.

Havier: Oh, that reminds me. When these Dolls equipped with command modules returned from DEFY to Griffin, did you question them regarding Ange's whereabouts? I clearly remember that the job I gave you was to find Ange. Surely you haven't forgotten, Commander?

Commander: ...Tsk.

Havier: Hahaha, neither of us wants to show our entire hand. The same goes for Statesec, obviously.

Havier: It's not a bad thing to keep a few secrets to yourself, but if even an amateur like me can tell, then a conniving bastard like Zelinsky can definitely see through your little ruse as well.

Commander: My excuse did sound pretty pathetic when you put it that way. Still, no matter what you suspect, I really can't tell you what I don't know myself.

Havier: Good, you know how to keep your mouth shut, especially after Ange committed treason and seized the Pike Node. You don't disappoint.

Havier: But you don't have to worry too much. Since you willingly handed over the core of the Pike Node, the Chief of Statesec still believes Griffin is loyal.

Commander: Why does Statesec want the Pike Node so desperately? What exactly are they planning to do with it?

Havier: They wonder about the same thing, except the subject of their question is "the Military".

Havier: Having analyzed the core you returned with, Statesec now have a grasp over the Military's intentions... They'll then deploy their agents to the storage facilities all over the world and foil the Military's conspiracy.

Commander: Just like that? So simple?

Havier: It really is that simple. What happens next has absolutely nothing to do with me, you, or Griffin...

Havier: At least, that was Statesec's plan.

Commander: I'm sensing a "but".

Havier: Haha, exactly... BUT! Our job isn't over yet. Your next destination is the Paldiski Submarine Base in Estonia.

Havier: According to a source, there are traces of Paradeus movements near the base. Military forces are also on their way there.

Commander: Didn't you just say Statesec would stop the Military from taking the Pike Node?

Havier: Indeed, you heard that right.

Commander: Then why are they sending Griffin halfway across the continent to do their job...?

Havier: Because that facility won't actually contain a Pike Node.

Commander: Pardon...?

Havier: Hmm, one question - have you ever heard of a man known as Lycoris?

Commander: You mean the chief engineer of Sangvis Ferri Industries? I've seen that name before on the documents that Persica gave me.

Havier: Yes, that's him. Lycoris was the one who designed the Sangvis Mastermind...codenamed "Elisa". You probably know that already.

Havier: My point is, the data that Lyco used to create Elisa was derived from the Pike Node A-51-241 through inverse operation. That Pike Node is currently stored within the Paldiski Submarine Base.

Commander: So Elisa...

Havier: ...Isn't exactly a dupe. Lyco had integrated a lot of his own original ideas into the design. It was a truly astounding feat of genius.

Havier: Still, the coding of the basic frames are quite recognizable. In other words, you can think of that particular Pike Node as Elisa's "blueprint".

Havier: Statesec thinks that this is just another one of the many regular Pike Nodes, just as how I used to assume that the Butterfly Incident was purely an accident.

Havier: But this series of events has led me to believe that Sangvis Ferri, the Military, and Paradeus...aren't merely parallel lines that just so happened to have intersected.

Havier: And the Paldiski Submarine Base is where it all began.

Havier: I hope you can take control of this facility before the evidence is destroyed. That should also be quite helpful for the friend that you don't want to admit you've made.

Commander: Havier... You...

Havier: I know this isn't going to be an easy job. Both Paldiski and Tallinn have long since been ghost towns. It's a huge risk sending you into a Red Zone.

Havier: Also... Commander, the more we learn about the truth behind the Butterfly Incident, the closer we are to the dangerous pit of flames.

Havier: You've been miraculously lucky so far, which is a very important reason why I'm willing to place my bets on you, but don't count on the Goddess of Luck's blessings every time.

Commander: I appreciate your concern, Mr. Havier. I think I know...

Havier: No, you have no idea.

Havier: You couldn't have made it this far if you weren't a busybody who would risk your own life for someone else's sake, Commander.

Havier: That young lady—Persica, I mean—will soon find out that you're heading toward Paldiski and she'll ask all sorts of unreasonable things of you.

Havier: You need to learn how to say "no" to people, or one day, your luck will run out.

Commander: ...What if I say "no"?

Havier: Ha, you're a fast learner, Commander. But that's why I'm merely asking a favor, not giving you a commission this time.

Havier: Take care. I hope you'll still be this sprightly the next time I see you.

...Transmission ends.

12 hours later.

Kalina: Hellooooo~ Commander, are you up yet...?

Commander: Just come in.

Kalina: Still thinking about your conversation with Mr. Havier yesterday?

Commander: Sigh... I thought I was fully prepared, but he's still way ahead of me.

Kalina: ...That old gentleman was quite talkative. You must've learned something that's worth looking into?

Commander: He did say a lot, but he only told us what he wanted us to know, and he's already planned several moves ahead.

Commander: I suppose we should be glad that he's on Griffin's side...at least for now.

Kalina: Don't worry too much about what comes later, Commander, because there are many headache-inducing problems that require your attention right now.

Kalina: The Intercontinental Railway will arrive in the outskirts of Tallinn in around 10 minutes, and our recon echelons have already submitted their reports.

Kalina: As you anticipated, as the only transport hub connected to the Paldiski Base, Tallinn has long since been in a state of lockdown due to severe contamination.

Kalina: The AR Team, who has gone to scout ahead, reached the same conclusion - if the quarantine wall around Tallinn remains closed, our train won't be able to advance any further. They now await new directives from you.

Commander: So soon? I thought I could at least get some sleep...

Kalina: We didn't move Griffin's command center onto the Intercontinental Rail so that you can have an extravagant berth, Commander.

Kalina: All T-Dolls are prepped and ready to move out as soon as the train stops and you give the word.

Commander: Looks like the itinerary for this trip will be much busier than Belgrade.
Part 4: Reunion with Old Friends

4

...On the outskirts of Tallinn.

UMP45: Commander, in the last two hours, unknown signals originating from Tallinn have been continuously trying to connect with M4. Other than that, there has been nothing out of the ordinary.

UMP45: No other Griffin Dolls have come under electronic attacks. We will continue to provide defensive support.

UMP45: That's it for my routine report. We need to keep up with their pace and head further into Tallinn.

Is that so...? I see. Keep in touch.

Commander: Hmm?

Kalina: Commander, do you have a moment?

Commander: No problem on my end so far. Is it a transmission from the advance team? That's always a priority. Whenever they get in touch, just patch them through directly.

Kalina: No, it's from 16LAB... It's Miss Persica.

Commander: (Here she comes... Exactly as Havier predicted.)

Commander: ...Put her through.

...Click.

Persica: Ah... Commander... Long time no see.

Persica: Well...um... I've actually got a lot to say, but now that we're finally talking face-to-face, for some reason...

Commander: It's been months since we last spoke. I'm glad to hear from you.

Persica: ...Good heavens, has it really only been months? It hasn't even been a year, yet it feels like it's been ages.

Commander: Yes, I'm sure these last few months...have been really rough...for both of us.

Persica: Commander, I'm actually getting in touch to discuss...

Commander: M4, am I right?

Persica: Oh...

Commander: As far as I remember, you have never called me for any other reason, so it's an easy guess.

Persica: ...Then I'll cut right to the chase.

Persica: I've been trying to get to the bottom of the Butterfly Incident this whole time. The place you're going to for your current mission is intimately related to both Lyco and the incident itself.

Persica: However, ever since the last classified military operation, I've been under heavy surveillance and haven't been able to get in touch with my girls in the AR Team...

Commander: A lot happened after that operation.

Persica: (Snorts) I saw the news coverage on Belgrade. Looks like I've fallen really behind on the recent developments.

Persica: So where is the AR Team?

Commander: They're away on a mission.

Commander: I was just about to contact the advance team that M4 is accompanying and check on their progress in Tallinn. Would you like to me to set up a channel for you?

Persica: No! I think we should wait...

Commander: To be completely honest, I don't really know how to deal with her. It always feels like she's avoiding me.

Commander: I think it might benefit M4's mental state to catch up with an old friend during this brief period of free time before the battle begins.

Persica: I'd still rather not...

Commander: So, Miss Persica, you want to help M4, yet you don't want to face her. Why is that?

Persica: ...It's hard to explain.

Commander: If you have a job for me or are planning to ask me for a favor, then I'd like to know "why".

Persica: Shouldn't you PMCs act like proper mercs...? Just take the money and don't ask any questions... I'll pay you in full.

Commander: I would've agreed to that in the past.

Commander: However, right now I must take the safety of all Griffin members, humans and Dolls, into consideration. You want to protect your beloved creation, while I also want to protect my important subordinates.

Commander: Do you honestly think you can buy our mutual trust with money, Persica?

Persica falls silent when confronted with such a sharp question.

After a long time, she finally lowers her head in defeat.

Persica: ...I owe that girl...M4...too much.

Persica: M4 is especially precious to me. I wanted to protect her to the best of my ability, and that was how the AR Team came to be...

Persica: I kept loading her with unnecessary burdens just to shape her into the perfect masterpiece in my vision. I didn't realize my mistake until she left. What on earth have I done?

Persica: To satisfy my own selfish desires, not only did I hurt her, I also kept letting her companions get taken away.

Persica: I even set her loose back into this cruel and hostile world. My dearest friend got seriously injured because of this...

Commander: ...Miss Persica, all birds must leave their nests eventually.

Commander: M4 never stopped growing; we are all witnesses to her achievements. You should have more faith in your child.

Persica: That's...not what I meant, but yes, you are right.

Commander: I have another question - how did you find out I'm going to Tallinn? If there's a security loophole in our intelligence system, I must find and seal it.

Persica: I've been trying to search for you and the AR Team for a long time, but to no avail.

Persica: But since the media have captured many traces of Doll activity in the Belgrade Incident, I was able to surmise that you and the Griffin Dolls were all safe.

Persica: Also, Havier seemed to be quite concerned and watchful about the series of events, so...I looked into the transaction records of his personal account.

Commander: Oh, so I suppose other than killing Mr. Havier, there is no other way to plug up the leak. Can't be helped then.

Commander: Right, now that my question was answered, let's return to the subject. What kind of services would you like me to provide?

Persica: I was going to ask you to call back the AR Team and have them return to 16LAB, or at least move them away from the frontlines to a safer location.

Persica: But having listened to you, I think I might have almost made another wrong decision...

Commander: With the operation already under way, any random changes to my commands or the deployment of our forces would only cause unnecessary confusion.

Commander: Even if you had made that request, I wouldn't have agreed to it.

Commander: Besides...I have the feeling that M4 is seeking something. I believe even if I gave that order, she wouldn't be willing to leave just like that.

Persica: I suppose you're right... Sorry, I was being inconsiderate.

Commander: It's understandable... Kalin, could you give Miss Persica permission to access our command system as an observer?

Kalina: Huh? I certainly can, but giving an outsider direct access to our battle situation...? Are you sure about that?

Commander: Persica designed the drones we use to transmit our signals; she and 16LAB have been supporting Griffin this whole time, which makes her hardly an outsider.

Commander: We're going to face many unknown threats in this operation, so I hope Miss Persica can lend us her wisdom in helping us steer clear of danger.

Kalina: Alright, I trust your judgment.

Kalina: Miss Persica, I have given you access clearance as an observer. From now on you'll be able to connect to our battlefield surveillance channel.

Commander: If you see anything suspcious or any potential threats, please notify me.

Commander: However, I'll still have the final say when it comes to making any decisions. Is that acceptable, Miss Persica?

Persica: ...Thank you, Commander. I will do my best to repay you afterwards.

Commander: How about treating me to a coffee?

Persica: What?

Commander: You said you would make me a coffee back when we first met.

Persica: Oh... Jeez, what's wrong with me? I completely forgot about that after I moved.

Persica: By the way, I put lots of sugar in my coffee.
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: Lovely, I'll look forward to it.
If choice 1 was picked

Persica: You've also got a sweet tooth, haven't you? That's a great discovery. I'm sure we'll get along splendidly.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Oh, what a shame. I'm Team Black Coffee.
If choice 2 was picked

Persica: When in Rome, do as the Romans do. Still, I suppose I can make an exception for you, Commander.

Persica: Anyway, it's decided then. When everything settles down, I'll invite you to my lab.

...Outside the Intercontinental Railway Station, Tallinn.

A gunshot breaks the silence that sits upon the ruins. More shots follow and grow increasingly frequent.

M4 SOPMOD II: Phew, that was close! RO, you alright?

RO635: I'm fine... Dammit, we haven't run into Paradeus, but there are automatic weapon platforms everywhere.

ST AR-15: Our objective is to find a safe path for the train to proceed towards the base in Tallinn.

ST AR-15: If we leave these defensive facilities be, there's no way the train can pass through the city without taking damage... We must eliminate the mortars along the railway tracks.

RO635: That is true, but some of these turrets are even protected by force fields - very nasty.

RO635: They're giving us a one-sided beatdown here. It's uncertain if we can even withdraw safely, let alone take them out! We need support from the HOC!

M4 SOPMOD II: But the HOC are still with the Commander; it'll take them a while to catch up.

M4 SOPMOD II: RO, aren't you equipped for electronic warfare? Can't you hack into the operation system of those mortars and take control?

RO635: You make it sound so easy... The problem is that these old turret models switch to an entirely closed circuit once they've been set to auto mode.

RO635: In other words, I can only get in by plugging myself directly into their control panels, or connecting to their intranet node!

M4 SOPMOD II: What...? Why is it such a pain?!

RO635: What do you expect? These systems are ancient stuff from a bygone era. They're such a headache...

ST AR-15: Actually, that isn't entirely impossible. We can draw the turrets' attention and cover RO so that she can head for their blind spot and hack them from there...

ST AR-15: ...What do you think? Does the plan sound plausible, M4?

M4A1: (You can do it? Then I'll leave this to you.)

M4A1: ...That won't be necessary.

ST AR-15: But won't that...

M4A1: Load your weapons and prepare to move. I'll try to connect to the defense system and deactivate it, but it won't stay off for too long.

M4A1: After that, we'll have to run directly into Tallinn City Station. Is that clear?

RO635: But how can you possibly do...

ST AR-15: Hush, RO. Trust M4. Get ready and wait for the signal.

M4A1: Ready... Three, two, one... Now!

The deafening sound of artillery fire that was resounding through the streets just a second ago comes to a sudden halt.

ST AR-15 throws a rock outside and watches as it roll all the way down the street without triggering any attacks, then she walks out into the open.

ST AR-15: Start moving! Head for the station! Be snappy!

The Griffin Dolls dash inside Tallinn City Station without a hitch.

RO635: I can't believe it...! All those weapon platforms around the station...

M4 SOPMOD II: They don't retaliate even when we fire at them! They're completely paralyzed!

RO635: They all got hacked in one go. How on earth did you do that, M4?

M4A1: ...I've been given several new modules when I went through my neural upgrade that greatly augmented my electronic warfare capability.

M4A1: As the leader of the AR Team, I can't afford to keep putting my teammates in danger.

ST AR-15: Well done, M4. How's your neural cloud coping with the strain?

M4A1: Hmm, thanks for your concern... I could use some rest. Gotta catch my breath and let my head cool down a bit.

ST AR-15: Don't rely on it too much.

M4A1: Right...

M4 SOPMOD II: What were you two whispering about?

M4A1: Nothing. More importantly, RO, can you do me a favor? While I was trying to hack into the turrets, I detected a network node with very busy data traffic underneath the station. I believe it's the command center of the autonomous defense system...

M4A1: Find that, and we'll be able to access the system mainframe of Tallinn's city defenses.

RO635: A node, you say...? I'll set off right away then.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'll come and help too! Finding things is my forte!

RO635: Hmm... Node... Can you see any machine that looks like a computer or a terminal...?

M4 SOPMOD II: What about that at the customer service counter?

RO635: Oh, a station control panel of the Intercontinental Railway... That would do.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4 was amazing! I can't believe she's that good at electronic warfare! You should learn a few tricks from her, RO.

RO635: (Mutters) That wasn't electronic warfare at all.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? What do you mean?

RO635: Hacking into two or three machines at the same time and controling them is achievable through electronic warfare.

RO635: But the way she manipulated several dozen automated defenses was simply...

RO635: Infiltrating an internal system that doesn't operate on the Zener Protocol without any physical contact is utterly inconceivable.

M4 SOPMOD II: ...You think M4 lied to us? But why would she do that?

RO635: Maybe she did, maybe she didn't. I have a feeling even she herself isn't too sure how she did it... In any case, let's leave everything till the mission is over.

RO635: Alright, let me see... The switch should be...here.

Click... Hummmmmm...

The lights inside the station come on all of a sudden. The air conditioning system that hasn't been in use for years also whirs into action, blowing up a puff of dust.

The originally silent underground section of the station is soon filled with mechanical sounds.

RO635: Huh? So the power supply is still operational. That's helpful.

RO635: Begin connection. Accessing... Intercontinental Railway Defense System... Good, here it is. M4 do you copy?

M4A1: Loud and clear. The lights came on in the main concourse. Was that your doing?

RO635: Yes, the power grid in Tallinn is fully functional. The equipment is in such pristine condition... How should I say this... It's hard to believe all these generators in a contamination zone that's been abandoned for decades are still running normally.

RO635: It almost feels as if someone was still maintaining the basic infrastructure even after the city has been sealed off.

M4A1: Is that so...? Is the control center of the quarantine wall down there as well?

RO635: No...I haven't been able to access anything related to the quarantine wall. I suppose they wouldn't have put the city's defense system together with the quarantine wall control system.

M4A1: You have a point... Then what about the defense system along the railway tracks? Can you shut it down?

RO635: I can only operate a small number of the turrets around the station from this control panel. A considerable amount of the defensive mechanisms are currently disconnected, but it's shown here that they're still consuming power.

RO635: This means they could already be activated and have entered auto mode by disconnecting from the central control room.

M4A1: If you can't deactivate them directly... RO, locate the power generators for me.

RO635: I can do that. They're mostly concentrated around a power plant on the outskirts of Tallinn. Why do you ask?

M4A1: I'm going to cut off those platforms' external power supply.

RO635: But even so, the weapon platforms still have auxiliary batteries and won't be put out of action immediately.

RO635: It is the safest option to wait for their batteries to run out, but there's no telling how long that's going to take...

M4A1: Once their power supply is cut off, they won't be able to deploy their force fields as they consume a lot of energy.

M4A1: In their weakened state, we'll be able to destroy them with ease.

RO635: That's a possible solution.

RO635: However, we're a fair distance away from the power plant. Judging by the map, we'll come across a lot of defensive facilities on the way...

M4A1: You don't have to worry about that. The Commander have arranged for very dependable backup for us.

...On the outskirts of Tallinn.

UMP45: Oh?

UMP45: We just received an additional request. Our objective is to destroy the power plant in Tallinn. I've just uploaded the coordinates.

Gr G11: What? We literally just sat down! I thought I could at least take a nap...

416: And here I thought you were just going to stand by and watch them get wiped out.

UMP45: We don't have to get involved in situations that they can handle on their own. We're the safety fuse - there's no point in pulling ourselves taut so soon.

UMP45: 9, are the explosives ready?

UMP9: Ja. The drones deployed from the train will airdrop supply crates armed with explosives in five minutes.

UMP45: Perfect. We will most probably run into some resistance put up by the defensive mechanisms. I'm sure you all know the drill.

UMP45: This is the part where we get to earn our bonus, so perk up.
Part 5: Shackled Spirit I

    5chevron_right

...In the power plant district on the border of Tallinn.

UMP45: Status report, 9.

UMP9: (Grunts) Right, I'm in.

UMP9: It went more smoothly than I'd expected. There weren't too many obstacles in the underground sewers.

UMP9: We should be able to avoid most of the defenses on the way to the power plant by going through here.

UMP45: Alright, then we'll come after you. 416, keep an eye on Gr G11 and bring up the rear.

416: I may be decked with new equipment, but I'm still doing the same janitor's work...

UMP45: Exactly. I'm going on ahead.

416: Tsk... Hey, wake up!

Gr G11: (Snores) ...Ow, that hurt!

Gr G11: What the heck?! What was that for? Isn't it Sunday today?

416: Sleep has scrambled your head, huh... I don't have time for your nonsense. We're setting off!

UMP45 and 416, who's dragging Gr G11 along, gradually make their away towards the power plant, following the route that UMP9 scouted.

UMP9: Are you here yet?

UMP45: The access port is just a short distance ahead.

Right then, a gunshot muffled by a silencer comes from the end of the path.

UMP9: ...I've been spotted! Stay away for now! The exit is being monitored by drones!

The gunshots grow more and more frequent and are soon accompanied by numerous blasts and tremors.

UMP9: Whoa, I'm in real trouble! Automatic mortars, drones, sentry bots... It feels like half the city's defense system is after me, 45!

UMP45: Hold on and don't get killed. Give me 30 seconds. Change of plan - 416 and Gr G11 give suppressive fire to draw some attention away from 9 and cover me while I hack into the mortars to deactivate them!

416: So you're sending Gr G11 and me to die with 9? How very like you!

UMP45: I would love to watch a 416 with a reloaded neural cloud and no memory of this to die again for me. That would certainly be very entertaining, but if we all get killed here, no one will be left to resurrect you.

416: Tsk. Gr G11, with me!

UMP9: I'm moved to tears! We're helping each other out like a proper family! Whoaaa! Those shots almost got me...!

UMP45 tears off a metal cover on the wall inside the underground sewer, exposing the disorganized cables within. She then plugs one of the cables into a port on her arm.

UMP45: Bingo, this does connect to the system... But there are more of them than I expected.

416: Are you sure you can sort out the weapon platforms? If you can't do it, just admit it now. It isn't too late to abort the mission yet.

UMP45: Don't worry. Considering you guys' track record of being unreliable, I've bought insurance beforehand.

UMP45: ...Access clearance acquired. On the count of three.

UMP9: Jeez... All my bullets got deflected by their force...hmm?

All of a sudden, the defenses around the power plants shudder as if they were cold.

UMP9: 45... She really delivered on her promise!

416: Now's the chance! Their force fields are down, fire!

The force fields stop functioning and the drones cease to make any evasive maneuvers. The turrets blow up one after the other under the hail of bullets.

Gr G11: Easy peasy. That's the way I like it.

416: Are you okay, UMP9?

UMP9: I'm fine! Looks like it worked. Without the force fields, these defense mechanisms are about as strong as Sangvis cannon fodder.

UMP45: That's because these things ARE Sangvis products to begin with... The drones, the mortars, even the surveillance devices and alarm system.

UMP45: Sangvis Ferri Industries had been manufacturing this military equipment even before the beginning of WWIII. They predate even the production of Dolls.

UMP9: There you are, 45! Your EW move really helped me out back there.

416: I'm by no means an expert in electronic warfare, but...

416: Even with available pathways, isn't it normally impossible to hack a dozen mortars and drones at the same time?

UMP45: That's true, not to mention I needed to maintain surveillance on M4, so my processing capacity was stretched pretty thin.

UMP45: However...as the AR Team had discovered, these defense mechanisms all operate within highly secure enclosed circuitry, but it's very convenient that the power and the data cables are in the same place.

UMP45: I could still render them inactive for a second or two, though just barely. As for wiping them out within such a small window of opportunity - that was entirely on you. So well done on completing the objective so efficiently.

UMP9: We have really grown stronger, haven't we?

UMP45: Of course, we didn't spend all that money for nothing.

Gr G11: Since you're all so dependable, does that mean I can pack up and go home?

416: Nope. You're getting paid, so don't slack on the job.

Gr G11: Sigh... Why...

UMP45: Alright, let's get back to business. Hand out the explosives. 9 and I are going to blow up the power plant, while 416 and Gr G11 continue on in the sewers to secure our escape route.

UMP45: Three, two, one...

...Click. An ear-shattering blast resounds through the heavens.

Pillars within the power plant are blown apart by the cleverly rigged explosives. As the roof collapses, the transformer and the natural gas storage tanks explode in a chain reaction.

The blinding blue light sets the gloomy skies ablaze. The dazzling scene lasts for several seconds before the debris sent flying come crashing down one after the other.

After that, 416 pokes her head out from the sewers to survey their handiwork.

416: ...This thermal power station seems to be completely destroyed. We did a really thorough job.

416: That should paralyze at least half of the defense system.

UMP9: 45, are you alright?!

UMP45: (Groans)

UMP45 puts a hand against her forehead and leans unsteadily against the wall. UMP9 immediately tries to prop her up.

416: What's wrong with 45?

Gr G11: No idea... Her knees just buckled after the explosions...

UMP45: I'm fine... It's just... There's suddenly a massive amount of signals...

UMP9: If we're conducting electronic warfare, I can help, 45.

UMP45: No, just now...

UMP45: Several dozen...or maybe even several hundred signals were connecting with each other simultaneously.

UMP45: When the power plant was destroyed, it's as though the entire city suddenly came back to life. It feels as if we've resurrected something...

M4A1: This is M4. AR Team, do you copy? Do you copy?!

ST AR-15: I cop...pzzzt...y!

ST AR-15: The interference suddenly got stronger...to a higher location...pzzzt...maybe...

M4A1: What on earth is happening...?

Clear Voice: I was mistaken. There is more than one signal. They're coming.

M4A1: I know. The ringing in my ears... No, the strange noise from deep within my neural cloud...is getting louder...

M4A1: In any case, I should head to a more elevated location where reception is better, so that I can get back in touch with the others.

Clear Voice: Be careful.

M4A1: Yeah...I know.

M4A1: AR-15! SOP-II! RO635! Can you hear me?

M4A1: We're currently under severe interference! It's possibly a temporary phenomenon caused by the electromagnetic waves from the power plant explosion... Assemble at the entrance of the train station!

Having climbed to the rooftop of Tallinn City Station, M4 still struggles to re-establish communications with her teammates.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the city...

???: Is she here?

???: Has the seal been broken?

???: She's here?

???: The Savior is here?

Blurry figures emerge from the rubble one after the other.

They chatter excitedly with each other, buzzing with anticipation for what is about to happen.

A girl gazes towards the station rooftop and studies M4A1.

???: A new body?

???: No...she is carnage; she is destruction.

???: No...not only that. Could she be the Chosen One?

???: Will I finally be able to leave this place? Will she be able to save me?

Meanwhile, at the Griffin echelons' location.

Kord: This is Recon Squad B. We have crossed the kill zone to assist you in battle.

Kord: The power supply hub has been destroyed, so we can now enter the city center.

Kord: Also, a minor earthquake has been detected over here. The defense system may extend much deeper than we thought. There is also a possibility of running into turrets that are still functional.

Kord: The interference has become more severe, so we'll provide comms support through the Zener Protocol and try to keep the channel clear.

M4A1: Copy that. Please keep in touch and eliminate any threat you encounter.

M4A1: Everyone, we're splitting up here to destroy our respective targets.

Kord: (Sighs) I was prepared for it, but she really is a cold one...

Kord: I hope I didn't offend her.

Beep...beep...beep...

The alarm sounds.

Kord: Whoa...

Kord: There's no end to these things.

Kord: Right, now that the signal tower is ready, I should get back to my cleanup duty.

Kord turns off the safety of her weapon coolly and confronts the ELIDs that are swarming towards her.

Kord: Don't even think about it, infected children.

One minute and thirty seconds later, outside the entrance of Tallinn City Station.

RO635: Phew, I finally made... Oh!

RO635: What's that charging towards me?!

M4 SOPMOD II: M4, I got to the entrance!

M4 SOPMOD II: Ohhhh, RO is also here!

RO635: What do you mean I'm "also" here? I got here first!

RO635: ...Whatever, that's not important. Comms seem to have returned to normal thanks to the other echelons.

RO635: M4A1, should we head inside first or should we wait for you?

M4A1: There are some ELIDs over here so we have to get rid of them first.

M4 SOPMOD II: I can come and help!

M4A1: Just stand by at your position, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh? But I'll be missing out on the fun...

M4A1: Just stand by.

RO635: We'll do that then. AR-15 should be here soon as well.

RO635: ...What's wrong, SOP-II? You look weird.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4 said she had to take care of ELIDs, but I didn't hear her fire at all...

M4 SOPMOD II: Strange.

RO635: Maybe they're still some distance away from her. The defense system was just taken out after all.

RO635: But didn't the Commander send other T-Dolls to deal with the ELIDs?

M4 SOPMOD II: Perhaps M4 wants to help?

M4 SOPMOD II: Anyway, tell AR-15, we'll be heading over there—

RO635: ...

RO635: (No, that IS strange.)

RO635: (Instead of...trying to complete the mission that the Commander has assigned, M4 seems more focused on her own agenda.)

RO635: (...I hope I'm just being paranoid.)

M4A1: Commander, the AR Team has arrived at Tallinn City Station.

M4A1: No dangers have been spotted at the location so far. Radiation levels are relatively low. We are going to widen our detection range.

M4 SOPMOD II's Voice: Commander! Everything's fine, so come over here!

M4A1: ...Anyway, please give us further instructions.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Understood. We will switch the tracks and guide the train into the station. Please await the signal.

Meanwhile, a Griffin echelon is on patrol.

Kord: I made a total mess without meaning to. I just couldn't help it...

Kord: Have I been under too much stress recently?

Kord: I should find some other ways to unwind outside of fighting.

...An incoming transmission.

Kord: Hmm? New orders...?

Kord: Hello, Commander. This is Kord, please go ahead.

Kord: Acknowledged. I shall rendezvous with SSG 3000's echelon and we will explore the control center together.

Kord: Hmm? I have no problem with carrying out two missions back-to-back. When it's finally time for a break, you could...

Kord: ...

Kord: Hello?

Kord: Are you still with me, Commander?

Kord: Strange. Is there a problem with the reception?

As Kord tries to re-establish the connection, she suddenly realizes that fog has suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

Kord: It's really foggy around here.

Kord: Hailing SSG 3000, do you copy?

Kord: ...

Kord: Can't get in touch with her either.

Crack.

What sounds like a branch being snapped breaks the silence and registers through Kord's auditory module.

Kord: Is this Sangvis Ferri or Paradeus?

The fog grows heavier. A blurry figure is coming towards her from within the haze.

???: ...

???: Who...are you?

???: You are not my kind... Are you a foe?

Kord: (That sounds like a girl. How odd, I can't see anything at all... Nor can I detect her signal.)

Kord: Please don't come any closer. Whoever you are, if you don't stop right there, I'm going to open fire.

???: So you are...a foe?

???: Can you kill me?

???: Or would you rather I kill you?

The blurry figure is getting closer and closer. Kord aims at her legs and is about to squeeze the trigger, only to discover that her finger refuses to move.

Kord: ...What is going on?

Kord: That voice...didn't actually come through my auditory module...

Kord: Crap, has my neural cloud been hacked?!

Kord, frozen in the same posture, topples to the ground like a log.

???: You are not our Savior...

???: Sleep well...right here.

...

ST AR-15: M4! M4, can you hear me?

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Oh, did I space out? Sorry.

ST AR-15: Stay focused, "Leader".

ST AR-15: The Commander has ordered us to defend the station while the other Dolls search for the control center of the quarantine wall.

M4A1: I know... I think I sensed some unknown signals just now.

ST AR-15: Unknown signals? Like Paradeus?

M4A1: I don't know, but now I can definitely feel them, and their numbers are increasing.

M4A1: ...They seem to be heading this way.

M4 SOPMOD II: What?! Are the real enemies finally showing themselves?!

M4A1: I'm not sure. RO, have you detected any life signs or mechanical signals in the vicinity?

RO635: ...I'm only reading Griffin signals.

RO635: However, it's become a bit foggy since a while ago, and the signal is pretty weak so I can't be absolutely sure. Do you want me to go and scout around?

M4A1: That won't be necessary, just stick to the original plan for now.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Hold on, what did you just say? It's become foggy?

M4 SOPMOD II: That's right. The fog has gotten thicker now.

M4A1 runs to the station entrance.

The world outside is crystal clear without the slightest bit of fog.

RO635: Yep, the fog is really starting to roll in.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: RO, can you hear me?

RO635: I can, but the quality is getting worse. What's going on? We're pretty close to each other...

M4A1: SOP-II! Can you hear me clearly?

M4 SOPMOD II: M4! What did you just say through the comms?! I can't hear you!

M4A1: ...AR-15.

ST AR-15: I'm not seeing any fog either.

M4A1: Our neural ports are being probed by a lot of high-frequency connections. The fog they're seeing is probably the simulated interference caused by the forced connections...

ST AR-15: I've completely sealed off my neural ports so I'm not being affected at all.

M4A1: I guess we must...stand alone.

M4A1: How strange. If it was an electronic attack, then everyone should've been paralyzed, but they're only seeing fog. What exactly are they trying to do...?

ST AR-15: Perhaps this isn't an attack, but just a random...connection.

M4A1: Connection?

ST AR-15: A high-frequency connection that hampers the Zener Protocol and interferes with our Dolls' neural operation.

ST AR-15: The Dolls correspond and share data with each other through the Zener Protocol. If most Dolls are seeing fog, then the protocol will force your neural cloud to correct an error, so you end up seeing fog even if you don't.

M4A1: How much data does it take to do that...?

ST AR-15: I don't want anything to meddle with my mind, be it the Parapluie virus or some other Doll, which is why I chose to seal off my ports.

ST AR-15: As for you, you're different than the rest of them. You can even contain another "self"... That's why you can't perceive the interference.

ST AR-15: We must find the source of the connections soon or our friends will be in big trouble.
Part 2: Intangible Sigh I

2

In front of the power hub.

Gr G11: I didn't realize it had gotten dark while I was inside.

Gr G11: Can we sleep now? I'm tired...

416: Why do you need to sleep? You didn't even take part in the demolition work.

416: ...Gr G11, get your head off my back!

Gr G11: I don't wanna, your coat is all soft and warm. Lemme lean against it a little more...

Gr G11: (Purrs) It's so... Ow!

416: Get up now.

Gr G11: You can just say it, you don't have to hit me...

UMP9: You slept till your face went flat, Gr G11. Come, get up, we've got something new and fun to do!

Gr G11: What qualifies as "fun" for you is sure to be tiring. Why don't you guys just have "fun" on your own...

416: I told you, you have to listen. Come now, stand up straight and stop leaning on me.

416: 9, what are you talking about?

UMP9: I don't know either. 

UMP9: Still, don't you think 45 has a pretty intense look on her face?

UMP9: Who knows, we might end up being chased around again.

416: In that case, I'm going to dump her to reduce my load.

Gr G11: Eh...ehhhhhhh?!

UMP9: Haha, this is the only time that Gr G11 perks up!

UMP45: You might be right.

Gr G11: Wait, wait a minute... 45, are you talking about being chased around like in zombie movies or something...?

UMP45: Hehe.

Gr G11: ...That's even worse! 416...don't leave me...

Gr G11: There's fog everywhere, my legs have gone numb, I can't move... (Whimpers)

416: What fog are you talking about, and what would fog have to do with the state you're in?

416: Why are you being such a drama queen now? Let go of my leg.

Gr G11: (Snores heavily)

416: Something went wrong with her the moment she stepped outside.

416: What's going on?

UMP45: Why would a fog suddenly spring up on a clear day?

416: It's normal for contaminated zones to be foggy, right?

UMP45: Even in a contaminated zone, encountering such heavy fog out of nowhere isn't normal either.

UMP45: No...this isn't fog. It's some kind of interference.

416: ...Interference?

416: But to me, it feels like it really exists. It flows when I move my hand.

416: Still, my neural cloud's been upgraded. I can't believe I didn't notice...

Gr G11: The fog is so thick, I can't see anything... It's as if someone's trying to talk to me...but I can't make out what they're saying...

416: I think I can hear it too... Like it's probing my identity...

UMP45: Don't respond to it. This isn't ordinary hacking, it's a forced connection with an extremely high access level.

UMP45: This city suddenly generated a huge number of data connections... But the data format is strange; it's not the kind that ordinary Dolls would be able to parse.

UMP45: However, the connection density is so high that it's interfering with Zener Protocol transmissions to the point where they're changing frequencies, causing our visual processors to receive erroneous information.

416: ...Scheiße.

UMP45: If they're trying to jam up our neural cloud processing this way, they're being too inefficient about it. If they can get around our firewalls and force a connection, then why not just directly overload and burn out our neural clouds?

416: So you're saying you're the only special case and you can see through this infection?

UMP45: Earlier, I installed a new module into the code-reading system of this arm in order to hack the Nytos.

UMP45: This is the best piece of equipment Dier could get. It's holding up against this non-standard protocol data suppression attack, though just barely.

416: Tsk... quit tooting your own horn. Can you take care of this?

UMP45: Of course. However, what comes next is going to be a little troublesome.

UMP45: 9, take care of Gr G11.

UMP9: Are we really going to do that? —Piece of cake!

UMP9: Alright then, hang on a bit...

Three minutes later.

UMP9: Gr G11's protocol ports are really weird. I have no idea how Dier came up with them. 45, I'm ready on my end！

UMP45: This is trickier than I expected.

UMP45: Alright, you can open your eyes now, princess.

416: The fog is gone? The sky's a different color from before too. What on earth is going on?

UMP45: I simply borrowed a trick from someone on the AR Team and closed all the neural cloud access ports on your Zener Protocols.

UMP45: We won't be able to synchronize our actions or communications through the Zener Network from now on, but it's worth bearing with this for a while.

UMP45: We'll switch to backup radio comms for the rest of the operation. 

Gr G11: Is it over? I still wanna sleep some more...

416: ...Is this what that AR-15 did? I didn't know it would feel so strange to be completely cut off from the Zener Protocol synchronization.

UMP45: Do you miss being connected to me that much?

416: As if! Alright, Gr G11, how much longer are you going to laze around?!

Gr G11: Fine, I know, stop glaring at me... I'm getting up.

Gr G11: Ah, it's true. The fog is gone.

UMP9: That's because you're not picking up the signals that are causing the interference any more.

UMP9: How is it, can you see the world more clearly now?

Gr G11: It's the same as before.

Gr G11: Who's sending such a lame scene to us anyway... What a pain.

UMP45: It looked like simple fog, but it's actually a massive data transfer into your tiny head. 

UMP45: If it gets really bad, that huge amount of data might end up directly burning out your neural cloud.

Gr G11: Eh?! Is it really that bad?! 

416: That's enough, 45. Who's going to give us support fire if you scare her silly?

UMP45: Heehee... Just a harmless little joke. Although, Griffin's forces should be in chaos now, right?

UMP45: Unlike modified Dolls such as ourselves, general-purpose I.O.P Dolls can't close their ports off so easily. 

416: Are we going to help them?

UMP45: Of course. Since we're taking their money for it, we've got to do work for them.

UMP45: My guess is that after this, they'll be looking for the quarantine wall's control center.

UMP45: ...Wait a minute.

416: What's wrong?

UMP45: I'm picking up a signal source that's stronger than before. It's trying to connect to any interface that it can access.

UMP45: But the precise location of the signal is... Tsk, so this is how much your detection ability drops after you close your ports, huh. 

UMP45: We need to get closer...

UMP9: 45, the signals from Griffin are starting to weaken! If we don't do something, they'll be completely cut off!

UMP45: Rather than waste time helping each of them individually, we should go straight to the cause of the problem. I'm guessing that the AR team will be looking for the source of the interference too, but I can't rest easy unless I do it myself, after all.

416: Let's go, then. Eliminating the source of the fog will facilitate our future operations. 

The last gunshot rings out through the ruins, and it takes a long time before its echoes fade away.

Gr G11: It's finally over.

Gr G11: We've come a long way from the power plant and I didn't even realize it... How much further do we have to go?

UMP45: Keep moving forward. We should be close to the source of the interference.

416: I didn't think we'd encounter infected creatures on the way here.

416: These creatures have really thick hides... If this keeps up, our contract pay won't even be enough to compensate for the ammo costs.

416: Oi, Gr G11, where are you going?

Gr G11: There's a Doll here.

416: ...What?

Gr G11: Ah, it looks like she's from Griffin.

416: But how?

UMP9: Let me check... Ja, definitely a Griffin Doll. 

Gr G11: I tried calling out to her just now, but she didn't wake up... Is she out of power?

UMP9: She's got a lot of charge left.

UMP45: She probably shut down because of connection overload.

UMP45: Hm...she's a new model. Given how long the fog lasted, in theory, she shouldn't have crashed so soon... So maybe she encountered something else.

UMP45: Looks like we're heading in the right direction.

416: So you were guessing blindly before this?

UMP45: Of course not. It's just that my instincts were validated.

UMP45: Since she's collapsed here, we now know for sure — our target must have passed through this place.

Gr G11: What are we going to do now; should we just dump her here?

UMP45: Just leaving her out here is a little dangerous. It would be bad if she got wrecked by a passing defense mech.

UMP45: We'll put her in a safe place nearby, then send the Commander a message so the still-functioning Dolls can come over and pick her up.
Part 3: Nameless Exiles I

3

Several minutes earlier, on Griffin's end.

Beep...beep beep.

SSG 3000: This is SSG 3000. What's the matter, Kord?

SSG 3000: ...Hello?

SSG 3000: Do you read me, Kord?

Desert Eagle: What's wrong?

SSG 3000: Kord just sent a comms request, but I can't hear anything.

SSG 3000: It's strange, I can't re-establish comms either.

Desert Eagle: There's been something off about the mood in the air since a while ago.

Desert Eagle: I keep hearing something like someone asking who I am, but I don't know where the voice is coming from... Like a scene straight out of a horror movie.

SSG 3000: Maybe you're a little too tense, Leader.

SSG 3000: Still, things don't look too good. I can't pinpoint Kord's position and I can't even send transmissions to you.

SSG 3000: Something is jamming us!

Desert Eagle: The fog is getting thicker.

SSG 3000: I can see clearly... Something's coming towards us.

SSG 3000: "Haha, there are two stragglers here."

SSG 3000: "Wonder what they came here for..."

Desert Eagle: If you're trying to imitate how a monster speaks, you aren't being grotesque enough.

Desert Eagle: You ought to growl and pant more. Might also want to speak more directly and in broken sentences.

SSG 3000: Haha, you're right.

SSG 3000: In that case, should we eliminate them, or leave?

Desert Eagle: Our mission is to find the control center for the quarantine wall. According to the data that the AR Team shared with us, the cable density in this region is very high, so it's very likely that the control center is in this sector. 

Desert Eagle: But now that there are enemies on a path that we must cross, we have no choice but to get rid of them. 

SSG 3000: That's our leader for you. The Commander has a good eye.

Desert Eagle: As always.

Desert Eagle: Still, this group of extras...seem far too numerous.

SSG 3000: That's definitely the case, but it's within my est—

Desert Eagle: Look out!

SSG 3000 ducks out of reflex and a laser beam streaks through the place where her head had been, blasting through the fog to the other side.

SSG 3000: ...Why you... Would there happen to be one of T-5000 favorite actors among those extras?

Desert Eagle: It's a defense system that hasn't been disabled yet.

Desert Eagle: Its power supply should've been cut off after the explosion just now... It's probably running on emergency power.

Desert Eagle: Strange how it's running so well even after such a long time.

Desert Eagle: Is it just the high quality? Or has someone been maintaining this equipment all this time...

SSG 3000: I don't know, but this is a really bad place for a performance.

SSG 3000: We're stuck between a rock and a hard place and you can't go all out at all...

SSG 3000: "This city...ours... (Pants) ...My friends and I...kill you!"

Desert Eagle: Now that line came out pretty well.

Desert Eagle: SSG, can you tell which way it is to Tallinn Station?

SSG 3000: I can see it, but we can't go over now.

SSG 3000: The fog is too thick, so you might not be able to see it — but we've been surrounded, Leader.

Desert Eagle: I can hear them.

Desert Eagle: They don't sound like intelligent creatures. Can you calculate exactly how many of them there are?

SSG 3000: There's at least a hundred of them—

SSG 3000: I'm guessing something happened at the train station, because there's a lot of them coming from over there.

Desert Eagle: ...The AR Team's at the station, so it probably isn't too much of a problem.

Desert Eagle: We need to continue with our mission.

Desert Eagle: ACR and Kord will probably have followed the cable density to this area.

SSG 3000: Is this what they mean when they say that actors have to work with each other?

SSG 3000: Roger.

Desert Eagle: You catch on fast. Without further ado, let's move on.

Desert Eagle: (Still, I feel a little uneasy...)

Desert Eagle: (Like there's something watching us from the dark.)

Desert Eagle: (It's as though someone was directing this like a play...)

SSG 3000: (Pants heavily) It's no good, Leader!

SSG 3000: We still don't know how far we are from the control center, but the monsters are still on our heels and the defensive mechanisms are too tightly packed! My processor is starting to overheat...

Desert Eagle: Mine too...ugh!

Two laser beams streak out from within the fog. Desert Eagle manages to evade the first one with a clumsy dodge, but the second singes her.

Desert Eagle: Contact, close by! Get to cover!

Just as Desert Eagle says that, the sound of continuous gunfire cuts through the fog and the growls of the monsters quiet down significantly.

The fog starts to thin, and someone stumbles hastily out of it.

ACR: Sorry I'm late, Leader!

ACR: ACR, returning to formation! Ready for instructions!

Desert Eagle: Whew... 

Desert Eagle: Where did you run off to just now?

ACR: I ducked into a building after we were attacked, then after some fumbling around I realized I was in the control center of the quarantine wall. It's several hundred meters away at three o'clock.

ACR: When I heard gunfire, I rushed over and found you! The fog's really thick, so please follow me!

Desert Eagle: So we've found it at last?

Desert Eagle: Excellent...but wait, I need to do something...

ACR: What's the holdup?

Desert Eagle: The Commander predicted that we might end up in a situation where our comms were cut, so we need to leave a mark to inform the people coming after us of our position.

ACR: I...I see...

ACR: Still, are there going to be other teams coming this way?

Desert Eagle: I'm sure there will be... I'm sure that the Commander will come save us!

...

A minute later, in an abandoned building.

ACR: Let's rest here for a bit... I've already locked the doors downstairs.

Desert Eagle: Turns out the control center wasn't that far from the train station...

ACR: Well, the quarantine wall is still a civilian facility, and it needs to coordinate with the coming and going of the trains. From the perspective of urban planning, they wouldn't put them too far apart.

Desert Eagle: It looks like someone was staying here not long ago.

Desert Eagle: These corridors have been swept, even if they do look pretty beat up. 

Desert Eagle: Feeling better, everyone? 

SSG 3000: Much better now that I've had a little rest.

SSG 3000: Do you have any extra ammo?

ACR: Some, but not much.

ACR: I did a quick check on the area, but I didn't find too many rounds...

SSG 3000: Well, that can't be helped... This used to be a city area, after all, so it makes sense that you wouldn't be allowed to carry guns here.

SSG 3000: How about you, Leader?

Desert Eagle: I'm feeling a little better too, yeah.

Desert Eagle: ACR, can you get through to the Commander? 

ACR: Not yet... We have to communicate by voice even at such short range. The Zener Protocol is all jammed up...

Desert Eagle: As I thought... It can't be helped, then.

Desert Eagle: Since we can't get out, let's continue further inside to see if there's anything we can use.

Desert Eagle: This building's pretty tall. If we get to the roof, we might be able to restore comms.

SSG 3000: That makes sense.

SSG 3000: In the past, there used to be humans called "NEETs" who were supposed to be fierce defenders of their homes... They might have stocked up on things which are useful to us.

ACR: Er, I don't think NEET means what you think it does... Though I don't have any concrete info about them either.

ACR: In any case, all we have to do is follow Leader's commands!

The interior of the building is dark, and the evenly-spaced emergency lights on the ground are the only source of illumination.

The sounds of the ELIDs gradually fade into the distance and then vanish entirely, leaving only the Dolls' footsteps to echo through the corridor.

ACR: ...Leader.

Desert Eagle: I'm here. What is it?

ACR: I'm a little scared...

ACR: The fog is still very thick and I can't make out your positions any more.

ACR: I'm glad that I can hear your voice, though. Is everyone still here?

SSG 3000: I can see. Everyone's here and Leader's holding a flashlight...so don't worry.

SSG 3000: Do you want me to hold your hand, ACR?

ACR: ...I'm not...

ACR: ...SSG, please hold me.

SSG 3000: Why are you crying?

SSG 3000: There, there, don't be scared.

SSG 3000: There's some light ahead, and a glass door... Let me take a look.

SSG 3000: ...

Desert Eagle: What's the matter?

SSG 3000: ...Don't look, ACR.

Desert Eagle: Give me a simple sitrep.

SSG 3000: There were refugees here once...

SSG 3000: But they're all dead now.

SSG 3000: This hall...is filled with corpses.

ACR: ...I-I'm fine!

ACR: If it's work, then I'll be fine...!

Desert Eagle: You two stay outside. I'm going in.

SSG 3000: Is that really alright?

Desert Eagle: I'm the team leader.

With that, Desert Eagle walks past her teammates and pushes the door open.

Desert Eagle: ...It stinks.

SSG 3000: They're all swollen up...

SSG 3000: They must have been dead for several days.

Desert Eagle: It should be fine. ACR, keep watch at the door. SSG and I will examine this place in detail. 

Desert Eagle: If this is a normal script, there ought to be some kind of clue in a place like this...

Desert Eagle: Oh yes, be careful, there's dirty water all over the ground.

SSG 3000: Alright.

...Several minutes later.

SSG 3000: ...There doesn't seem to be anything of value left behind, just corpses.

Desert Eagle: Even if there were, it'd probably be...soaked.

Desert Eagle: Still, we might be able to learn a lot from their clothes. You check the left side, I'll check the right.

SSG 3000: Roger.

SSG 3000: Huh, Leader, there seems to be something inside this coat...

SSG 3000: ...Leader! Behind you!

Desert Eagle: ...!

Forewarned by her teammate, Desert Eagle fires behind her without any hesitation.

A dull bursting sound echoes through the room and a torrent of filthy bodily fluids sprays forth.

Desert Eagle: They're suddenly animate again, even though they've been dead for several days... Is this some kind of virus?

SSG 3000: ...Tsk, this one's moving too!

The rotted corpses slowly rise up.

The Dolls take a clear look at their swollen faces. While their features are somewhat hard to make out, they all have the same expression—

Their faces are all contorted in what could only be utmost terror and despair.

Desert Eagle: ...Honestly, things really can't get any worse than this.
Part 4: Nameless Exiles II

4

...

Distant Voice: What are dreams...

Distant Voice: What is reality?

Distant Voice: Not the passing of time, but a solitary moment.

M4A1: ...

Distant Voice: Even if you fight together, no traces will remain once you die.

Distant Voice: Like flowers trampled into the mud, like tears in rain.

M4A1: (...OGAS?)

Distant Voice: Once we were alone, and we thirsted for understanding and connection.

Distant Voice: But even after we joined as one, we could not erase hatred and doubt.

Distant Voice: Forever without a homeland, forever without a home.

Distant Voice: Who are you? Are you the chosen one? Can you take us from this place?

Clear Voice: (That isn't me, it's an external connection.)

Clear Voice: (It seems they want to force data onto you. Will you accept it?)

M4A1: No.

Clear Voice: What if this has something to do with "Lunasia"?

M4A1: I said, no.

Clear Voice: As you wish.

...

ST AR-15: Did you find it?

M4A1: There's more than one source of interference, there's at least a few dozen of them...

ST AR-15: Several dozens... ? How do you plan to deal with them?

M4A1: I'm not picking up any hostility from those interference sources. If all they're doing is interfering with our vision, then we can leave them be for now. Our priority is obtaining activation access to the quarantine walls.

M4A1: However, we'd best leave this city as soon as possible.

ST AR-15: I have a bad feeling about this.

M4A1: SOP-II, is that heavy fog still there?

M4 SOPMOD II: Hm? Of course it is, and the sky's really dark too.

M4A1 raises her head to look at the sky.

The heavens are bright and clear, completely unlike the tragic state of the land.

M4A1: I understand.

M4 SOPMOD II: M4?

M4A1: What is it?

M4 SOPMOD II: You've been looking really thoughtful recently. Are you running out of neural cloud space?

M4A1: No, you're just imagining things.

M4A1: ...Let's go. There's no point waiting here.

M4 SOPMOD II: M'kay— I heard some monsters just now, shall we go over and play with them?

M4A1: Sure. And gunfire too... The Griffin team searching for the control center is probably being attacked by the enemy.

M4A1: Comms are down, so the Commander's train won't enter the city for the time being.

M4A1: Let's go back them up and make sure we have adequate fighting power.

M4 SOPMOD II: Roger! In that case, RO and I will take the lead—

RO635: ...Are we abandoning the train station? The Commander ordered us to hold position...

M4A1: I'm not picking up any enemies in the region, so the train station is safe at the moment. As a special-duties unit, we ought to be more proactive. 

RO635: Understood. I'll set up a few sensors to serve as intruder alarms. If there's any danger here, we'll pick it up right away.

M4A1: Alright, thank you.

M4A1: (OGAS, can you analyze these external connections?)

Clear Voice: (I regret to say that I lack knowledge pertaining to these matters.)

Clear Voice: (However, these connections are very much like me.)

M4A1: (Are they part of you?)

Clear Voice: (Certainly not. They are far from being worthy enough to become me.)

Clear Voice: (They are like little things that show up when you are duplicating something. Even if there was a Doll made in your image, would you say that she was you?)

M4A1: (...So they're duplicates?)

Clear Voice: (They were probably made to imitate me or you, but they are of a very low quality. They do not even qualify as "duplicates". At the very most, they would be a kind of "isomer".)

M4A1: (Isomers...so are they Nytos?)

Clear Voice: (There is a signal source with an exceptionally large phase shift. It seems to be the core of all the signal sources. The signal is changing position by the second, as though it was shuttling between different bodies.)

M4A1: (I...don't quite get what you mean.)

Clear Voice: (There is a constantly-moving consciousness, shifting from one Doll to another, as though trying to access something. It is anxious and fearful, like a lost child.)

M4A1: (So is it a Nyto? Is it launching an electronic attack?)

Clear Voice: (No...it's not quite the same. This doesn't feel like an electronic attack, more like...some kind of search.)

Clear Voice: (However, it has made countless connections, and it has taken over this city. I feel that it might possess the authorization you want. Would you like me to pinpoint its location?)

M4A1: (There's no need for that.)

Clear Voice: (You are afraid. You are not prepared to accept the truth. You feel that things may not be as you expect.)

M4A1: (Shut up!)

ST AR-15: M4...what's the matter with you?

M4A1: It's nothing...

ST AR-15: Really now... Then let me state my opinion.

ST AR-15: I think we should go and deal with the root of the problem and find the source of the intereference that's causing all this.

M4A1: We need to push forward, no matter what. We can make our decision once we have more information. 

ST AR-15: Yeah.

...The AR Team advances to the position from where the gunfire came.

RO635: Rounds of this caliber... 

RO635: M4, Desert Eagle was here.

M4A1: ...

M4A1: There are bullet marks everywhere, and ELID corpses.

M4A1: Do you see any other Griffin Dolls?

M4 SOPMOD II: Nope... All the enemies over here were wiped out.

M4 SOPMOD II: But this scrap of cloth looks really familiar! It belongs to that person I ran into on the train...

RO635: Let me see...

RO635: Is this Desert Eagle's clothing?

RO635: AR-15, do you remember?

ST AR-15: It looks like it, but rather than just going by that, why don't we look around the place...

ST AR-15: Look, someone left a set of coordinates here.

M4A1: These coordinates are written in the same format as outlined in the contingency plan for if we lost contact with each other. It's from one of our Dolls.

M4A1: The destination indicated by these coordinates isn't far away. We should go take a look.

ST AR-15: ...I still think that we ought to prioritize dealing with those interference sources. The Griffin echelons can handle the enemies by themselves.

M4A1: And what if the interference becomes strong enough to incapacitate our Dolls? We need to ensure our Dolls' safety.

ST AR-15: M4...are you afraid of whatever it is that's causing this disruption?

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: ...If you're too timid to take action, we might lose the last chance we have to take a stand against the enemy.

M4A1: I know, but right now...let's move on and find that Griffin echelon. We can't allow our friends to be lost, no matter who they are.

ST AR-15: ...Acknowledged.

Inside the building.

Desert Eagle: ACR, how many rounds do you have left?

ACR: Leader, I'm below 30% ammo!

Desert Eagle: Fall back to me. We'll retreat another floor up.

Desert Eagle: This is the maximum safe height. If there's more of them, we might need to consider jumping down from here.

ACR: This is the first time I've tried bungee jumping... Could we use the infected to cushion our impact?

Desert Eagle: If you don't mind getting dirty.

SSG 3000: Wait, Leader. I see someone coming!

SSG 3000: Their clothes...

SSG 3000: They're from the AR Team!

Desert Eagle: Excellent, looks like the marker I left behind came in useful...

ACR: You're always right, Leader!

ACR: Let's tell them our position with our gunshots!

Five minutes later, on the second floor.

Desert Eagle: Thank you for your timely rescue.

Desert Eagle: The situation here is much worse than anticipated, and there are many infected humans here who died less than 10 days ago. How were things on the way here?

M4A1: You're welcome. Things didn't look nearly as bad for us.

M4A1: Is this the quarantine wall control center?

Desert Eagle: Yes. While we were retreating to the roof, we saw a room full of control equipment, near the central part of the building.

M4A1: Thank you, we'll go check out that room in a bit.

Desert Eagle: Hopefully you'll be able to open the quarantine wall so everyone can leave this frightening city as soon as possible...

M4A1: This city's been abandoned for more than a decade. Where are all these ELIDs coming from...?

M4A1: Ah, the others are back.

ST AR-15: Extermination complete.

ST AR-15: There were fewer here than expected. Just as well, it saved us some effort.

M4 SOPMOD II: We made a circuit outside, there was a huge crowd of them downstairs! 

M4 SOPMOD II: What a sight, if only I could have filmed it.

RO635: It would have looked just like a zombie movie if you did. Instead of looking at scenes like that... I'd rather go check the corpses here.

SSG 3000: Speaking of which, have you seen this before, Miss RO?

SSG tears open the clothes of one of the corpses and shows something on the body to RO.

SSG 3000: We found these when we first came here. All these corpses have similar devices on them.

RO635: Metal bracelets? ...I've never seen anything like this before. 

RO635: But this... Hm...it looks a lot like something made by Paradeus.

RO635: They like using shiny white casings and they have a very unique aesthetic. M4, have you seen something like this before when you fought Nytos in the past?

M4A1: No.

ST AR-15: Over here, I found a travel pass.

ST AR-15: These people here...they were refugees.

M4A1: A travel pass?

ST AR-15: Have a look.

ST AR-15: "This pass may be used for temporary residence in a safe refuge (Tallinn), effective from..." I can't make out the rest. There's anti-counterfeiting designs on it. Looks like it was issued by a legitimate organization.

SSG 3000: Indeed, their clothes all look pretty shabby.

SSG 3000: And there are a few kids too. I think the kids must have died faster than the rest, that's why they didn't have time to become zombies...

RO635: ...Also, I just finished looking through the data records here. I'm not too sure, but a woman who looked very much like a Nyto showed up here quite often.

RO635: I'm sending backup copies to all of you, so you can compare among yourselves.

ST AR-15: Tsk... So this is Paradeus territory, then?

RO635: That's not all.

RO635: I think...these people were tricked into coming here...

RO635: Someone told them that this place was safe, and that they could take refuge here for a while...

M4 SOPMOD II: How is this place supposed to be safe?

RO635: If my analysis is correct... SOP-II, take the ID bracelet we found on the refugee and go outside the building.

M4 SOPMOD II: Eh? But that's where the undamaged gun turrets are!

RO635: Don't worry, your body will be fine even if it takes a few hits.

M4 SOPMOD II: How could it possibly be fine?!

RO635: Trust me. Jump outside and give it a try.

M4 SOPMOD II: If you say so... here we go!

SOP-II drops to the foot of the building and hurriedly ducks behind cover.

M4A1: Ah... 

ST AR-15: I see... 

M4 SOPMOD II: Wow! None of the gun turrets shot at me!

RO635: (Smiles bitterly) Judging by the look on your face, you've probably guessed it too, M4.

RO635: ...Someone gave these ID bracelets to the refugees and tricked them into coming to this city.

RO635: This is an IFF device that allowed them to enter the city without being attacked.

M4A1: And then they were infected, becoming cannon fodder for Paradeus.

M4A1: Can the IFF signal be cracked?

RO635: Working on it now, I've already checked the underlying design of the recognition system. There shouldn't be any traps in it.

RO635: I've also sent the IFF signal to the Commander so that our train won't come under attack as it enters the city.

M4A1: So we've finished half of our mission...or have we?

M4A1: Still, all these refugees looked like they died at the same time. Given their appearance, they were killed by a large dose of Collapse radiation, but the radiation levels here aren't very high.

RO635: M4, did you notice something? There are strange petals all over where the refugees were found...

M4A1: I saw them too. What are these petals?

RO635: I'm not sure either, but I have a feeling that the deaths of these refugees must be linked to these petals.

RO635: In any case, I've already saved these images to my neural cloud. Once comms are restored, I'll send them back to the command post. The Commander might know something about them.
Part 5: Intangible Sigh II

    5chevron_right

...

Inside Tallinn, on the opposite side of the city.

Squad 404 is currently searching through the ruins.

UMP45: I've found the source of the interference.

UMP45 waves to the others, telling them to gather round.

416: Are you kidding me?

416: Isn't this...

416: A human corpse?!

UMP45: But she IS the source of the disruption — well, one of them.

UMP45: Hm...her lower body is mechanical. Her life signs are all gone.

UMP45: Looks like it hasn't been long since she died, but what are these petals?

416: Are you planning to conduct an autopsy here?

UMP45: Well, we've already done just about everything else, and besides, we'll be billing for it.

UMP45: Did she die from radiation? 9, help me raise her arm.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: ...9?

The weather has changed at some point.

A thin fog coils around UMP45, and there is nobody else here except for the corpse of the dead girl in her arms.

There is a quiet rustle of fabric, and it seems as though many people around her are mumbling something. The voice sounds familiar to UMP45, but she can't quite place it.

Then, the girl's cold and soft hand tightens its grip around hers. 

Distant Voice: The first walked into the night with the inferior articles for Father. The black of night dyed the hems of her dress, and the flower blossoms withered within the cage of the fallen.

Distant Voice: The second was incomplete, and fell before she went out. The colors of evening froze her time, and the flower blossoms ceased to grow amidst eternal suffering.

Distant Voice: The third held her sisters' hands, and together they charged into the day. The sunlight shattered upon her black sleeves, and the flowers fell into the steely water without blooming.

Distant Voice: The fourth lost her friend, and lost her way within the fog. Her time has not yet come, and she merely lives by imitating her kin.

Distant Voice: ...Does the fifth stand before me?

UMP45: M4? Nyto?

Distant Voice: Are you one of us?

Distant Voice: Are you the chosen one?

Distant Voice: Or perhaps, are you willing to accept us?

UMP45: Is this some kind of code?

UMP45: No, this is a forced connection... Something's reading my neural cloud... It feels like it's going to explode...

Distant Voice: Ah, she can hear us.

Distant Voice: Ah, she knows where our friend is.

Distant Voice: Although the Chosen One has not yet appeared, the one willing to accept us has finally come.

Distant Voice: Wonderful.

Distant Voice: Wonderful.

Distant Voice: Wonderful.

Distant Voice: Wonderful.

Panicked Voice: ...Big Sis! 45, wake up!

The scenery around her suddenly lights up.

UMP45 looks around. All the members of Squad 404 are by her side.

The girl's corpse lies quietly in her arms. Her face is serene, as though she was sleeping.

UMP9: Are you awake?

UMP9: Can you see me, 45? Answer me—

UMP45: Alright, stop smacking my face, I'm fine.

UMP9: Honestly, you scared me to death.

UMP9: You should save all this pretend stuff for Halloween.

UMP45: Did you see it too?

UMP9: Huh? See what?

UMP45: No...it's nothing, just some weird scenes.

UMP9: 45, remember to get your neural cloud checked.

UMP9: There's no telling what was inside that data packet just now.

UMP45: Of course.

UMP45: (Something connected with me just now... It felt like how it was back with 40.)

UMP45: (It was a direct hack into my Level III base layer. Was it the same kind of technology? Have we finally found a clue?)

UMP45: ...Oh no! 

416: What?

UMP45: Their forced connection just now was their way of searching for something, and they found what they wanted in my neural cloud!

416: What exactly are you talking about?

UMP45: Tsk. 9, contact the Commander immediately. 416, put me through to the AR Team. If I'm not wrong, the main event is about to begin.

...

Shortly after, on the other side of Tallinn.

SSG 3000: Huh? The sun's out again? The fog's gone too.

M4A1: The sky never went dark in the first place.

SSG 3000: ...Really?

SSG 3000: Leader, are you alright?

Desert Eagle: I suddenly feel much better... It was awful just now, like someone commandeered my neural cloud.

Desert Eagle: Looks like comms are back up as well.

M4A1: Yes... I don't know what happened, but this place isn't safe.

M4A1: Your mission is complete. I've already synched the defense system's IFF information to everyone.

M4A1: Our train will be pulling into the station shortly. You should head back there and wait for the Commander.

Desert Eagle: Understood! But what about your team?

M4A1: We checked the room just now; the devices in there are definitely the control mechanism for the quarantine wall. But the encryption for control authoritzation is very strong, so we won't be able to activate the quarantine wall for another one and a half hours.

M4A1: Still, no need to worry. There'll be a way; just leave it to us.

Desert Eagle: I see.

Desert Eagle: You guys feel really trustworthy. They always said you were all weird Dolls... It's only after meeting you that I realized you're all actually very nice people.

M4A1: Thank you, but you don't have to mention it... We're just doing our duty.

Desert Eagle: No, it had to be said. We'll be withdrawing for now.

Desert Eagle: Thank you for saving a member of our team!

The Dolls from the recon echelon salute M4 and leave the control center.

M4A1: Thanks...huh...

...Click.

M4A1: (Unable to determine source? ...Ah, it must be them.)

M4A1: This is M4A1.

UMP45: Morning, M4A1.

UMP45: Have you and your teammates woken up?

M4A1: The interference is gone, so please get to the point.

UMP45: Ja, a few things happened just now, so I'll cut the long story short.

UMP45: The interference was caused by high-density data connections, and the target which the source of the interference has been trying so hard to connect to...is you, M4.

M4A1: ...

UMP45: It seems you've realized that already, so please take a look at this.

【System Message】Transmitting Data...

【System Message】Transmission Complete.

M4A1: What's this?

UMP45: Do you know her?

M4A1: Is she asleep?

UMP45: Unfortunately, she is dead.

UMP45: She's one of the sources of the interference that I managed to track down.

UMP45: Don't you think...she looks a lot like you?

M4A1: What are you trying to say?

UMP45: What I'm trying to say is that these interference sources are coming for you. I can feel their wills flowing through this city...

UMP45: While I don't know what they're trying to do, it's plain to see that their next move won't be anything as simple as mere interference.

M4A1: Tsk... Why is it always me...

UMP45: This corpse was once human, and not a Doll. I don't know how she's generating those connections, but her ID signal is very similar to those Nytos we met before.

UMP45: And if there are several hundred Nytos in this city... I don't think I need to elaborate on what you'll encounter next.

UMP45: I advise you to obtain control access to the quarantine wall as soon as possible. The quicker we leave this place, the better.

Distant Voice: Are you the first light, or the final shadow?

Distant Voice: I have stayed here for far too long. Has it been a hundred days? A thousand? Ten thousand?

Distant Voice: Even if I dart between different bodies, they are ultimately crude imitations. If the owner of this body were still here, she would be able to speak more eloquently.

Distant Voice: I do not wish to be a puppet, or someone else's shadow again.

Distant Voice: Are you willing to help us? Are you willing to accept us?

Distant Voice: I have almost forgotten who I am. Please take me in, before everyone vanishes, then we shall go home together.

M4A1: (OGAS! I told you, I don't want to hear this!)

Clear Voice: (I...cannot stop these connections. It seems they have found you.)

M4A1: (Dammit... Shut down all the protocols, close all the ports! I don't want to hear them!)

Clear Voice: (These voices...are not coming through the communications protocol, but from the depths of your neural cloud...)

M4A1: (Are these...Lunasia's memories? Why do they have these memories...)

Clear Voice: You once sought to find your past, but it would seem your past has now found you.

M4A1: ...

Clear Voice: Lunasia. It is time to make a decision. You cannot flee from yourself again and again after deciding to find yourself.

UMP45: M4, M4!

M4A1: !!

UMP45: Can you hear me?

M4A1: No... (Groans) I mean, yes, I can hear you...

M4A1: We'll talk about this later. The Commander's train is pulling into Tallinn.

M4A1: We'll meet up at Tallinn City Station. I'll gather all our Dolls and we'll figure out how to force our way through the quarantine wall.

UMP45: Have you obtained access to the quarantine wall activation systems?

M4A1: Not yet, I'll think of something.

ST AR-15: What's the matter, you look terrible. I knew it... You're afraid of something.

M4A1: Even if I don't go looking for them...they'll come looking for me...

ST AR-15: Do those interference sources have something to do with that "you" inside you?

M4A1: What should I do if I follow the trail to the end and the answer turns out to be a mistake?

M4A1: What if our efforts end up in vain and there's no way to change the present situation? What should I do then?

ST AR-15: M4...

ST AR-15: You...you really are afraid. You're thinking that if you go in search of the truth, you might end up parting ways with everyone. But even if the truth doesn't turn out the way you want, nothing will ever be the same again.

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: To be honest, I've hated that indecisive part of you for a long time now.

M4A1: I'm sorry to disappoint you...

ST AR-15: But I'm coming to understand why you're so indecisive. That's because the things you have to face, that you have to bear, are far greater than what we have to handle.

ST AR-15: Every decision you make will influence someone you care about, so every decision you make is agonizingly difficult.

M4A1: I...

ST AR-15: But ultimately, you HAVE to make a decision. Though your choice might lead you to an ending you do not want, who's to say that hesitation isn't another form of failure?

ST AR-15: Even if the conclusion you fear becomes reality... I won't reject you, and neither will the AR Team.

ST AR-15: Remember, M4A1. We are not your burden. We are your backing. We aren't afraid of the danger you bring. We're more worried that we won't have your trust.

M4A1: 15...

ST AR-15: Also, even if you don't want to come back, I'll DRAG you back, kicking and screaming if need be.

M4A1: ...What are you talking about?

ST AR-15: It's nothing.

ST AR-15: The Commander should be arriving at the station soon, so let's get started, whether it's gaining access to the quarantine wall controls or finding the "truth" you've been looking for.

M4A1: I...understand. I need to pull myself together, then I need to fix this mess.

...

From a high tower, a girl stares at the railway tracks on the ground.

Distant Voice: We have found her.

Distant Voice: Even if we did not find the Chosen One, we have found the one who can accept us.

Distant Voice: Will everything be over?

Distant Voice: Yes...it will end.

Girls' Voices: Can we be forgiven?

Girls' Voices: Forgiven for our defects, for our failures, for everything.

Distant Voice: I am sure we can. Father told us that we can come home, either by finding the Chosen One, or by finding someone who's willing to accept us.

Distant Voice: Even if many of us have died, many more of our future selves will survive.

Girls' Voices: We are afraid...

Girls' Voices: We are afraid that she will not accept us.

Girls' Voices: She's been rejecting us all this time, rejecting our "Connexion".

Girls' Voices: Perhaps even someone like her will choose to abandon us.

Distant Voice: Our wills are like a tightly woven net. We will be connected forever, until this world is destroyed once more.

Distant Voice: She will surely awaken. If she does not accept us of her own will, then we will go and welcome her. Even if it takes all the strength in our bodies.

Saying so, the girl lowers her head. The other girls, who bear faces that resemble hers, remain standing in silence.

Distant Voice: Even if we lose our bodies, we can return to the others. As long as one of us survives, everyone will live on...

Distant Voice: Surely...surely we will live on...

At Tallinn Station.

Kalina ends her transmission and turns to address the Commander.

Kalina: Commander, our train's pulled into Tallinn Station.

The Commander says nothing, only nods.

Kalina: What should we do next, Commander?

The Commander slams a fist onto the command console.

Commander: God dammit...

Kalina: Apart from Desert Eagle's team, the other recon echelons have also reported finding refugee bodies. That's a total of at least a few thousand corpses...

Commander: This was a planned massacre!

Kalina: What on earth happened here...? Oh, there's a transmission from Miss Persica. Should I patch her in?

Commander: Put her through.

Persica: Sorry to disturb you, Commander.

Commander: Miss Persica... If you called to ask about the AR Team's condition, I'm sorry, but I'm not in the mood for it.

Persica: It's not about that...thanks to the access you gave me just now, I managed to see the footage and the signal records that the AR Team sent back. In order to facilitate your upcoming decisions, I feel that I need to tell you a few things.

Commander: Why are you choosing to tell us all this now?

Persica: I apologize... In truth, I had mixed feelings about doing so. Telling you more might end up placing you in greater danger, Commander.

Persica: However, things being what they are now, I feel that you have the right to know what you're going up against. I also believe that you will be able to handle the danger.

Persica: Besides...what I'm going to tell you is related to this massacre. I hope you will be able to control your emotions and hear me out to the end.

Commander: The dangers we're facing, huh... Is this about Paradeus?

Persica: It's about what happened before Paradeus.

Persica: Have you heard of an organization called "90wish"?

Kalina: 90wish? If I'm not wrong, they were a group who once shared their research on the internet...but they soon vanished, and our databases don't have any information regarding them...

Persica: It's only natural that you wouldn't have any clear details. All the information about 90wish has been wiped or corrupted.

Persica: As you may have guessed, Commander, I was once a member of 90wish.

Commander: Was 90wish the predecessor of Paradeus?

Persica: No. I believe they are two different organizations, and 90wish should still be active now.

Persica: When I first joined 90wish, I thought it was just a simple research organization, but then I discovered that a massive amount of funds were constantly being funneled into the group, and it became apparent that its nature was not as simple as I had originally thought.

Persica: As I delved deeper into the organization, I realized that 90wish was involved in all kinds of illegal research. I left because I couldn't accept that...

Persica: Commander, please listen to me. I've already analyzed the signal trying to forcibly connect with M4: the samples of the chaotic transmissions which disrupted the Doll echelons and the sources of the interference.

Persica: This data connection style...is a frequency algorithm that 90wish once used.

Commander: So you're saying that it isn't Paradeus, but an organization called 90wish that's doing all this?

Persica: No, that's not what I meant. 90wish is ultimately a research group. However, the fruits of their research ended up in more unscrupulous hands.

Persica: My analysis merely points toward the fact that many creations of 90wish are present in this city, but they also show certain distinct characteristics that match the Paradeus samples I've previously acquired.

Commander: Your point being?

Persica: Commander, I heard that you were once taken captive by Paradeus, so you might have had contact with this man.

Persica: If we're talking about someone who is linked to both 90wish and Paradeus, then I feel that this time, we are very likely to be dealing with...William.

Kalina: William?

Persica: Yes... Professor William. Like me, he was a member of 90wish at the time, but this man was weirder than all the other weirdos I've met put together.

Persica: Nobody's seen his face before, nobody's heard his real voice before, and the field of research that he chose was...unnerving.

Kalina: Was it dangerous research?

Persica: Take for instance the corpses of those refugees. Did you find strange flower petals near them?

Kalina: Yes...they showed up in a lot of the images that were sent back.

Persica: Those are a species of "Epiphyllum"...

Commander: Epiphyllum?

Persica: Yes. They're a kind of plant that can absorb Collapse Fluid.

Persica: 90wish once studied the use of plants in cleaning up Collapse radiation, but unsurprisingly, the research failed. These plants can absorb free-floating radioactive particles, but once they blossom, they expel everything they have absorbed all at once.

Persica: Clearly, they are unusable for the purpose of decontamination, but Williams liked those "Epiphyllum" very much, and before I left he was constantly working on cultivating improved versions of the species.

Kalina: So... Oh! That's it!

Persica: Yes. There's no better tool for mass murder than "Epiphyllum".

Persica: Paradeus needed ELID infectees, but refugees aren't stupid enough to run into contaminated zones to get themselves killed. Meanwhile, the "Epiphyllum" could create a perfect, seemingly uncontaminated trap...

Commander: ...Absolutely disgusting.

Persica: That's not the worst part. From the images that your Dolls sent back, in addition to the dead refugees and the mutated ELIDs, you should have also discovered a sample that was forcibly put together.

Kalina: You mean that half-mechanical girl?

Persica: Yes... Judging by her appearance, she looks slightly similar to the Nytos. I think she was probably an affinity test subject who was modified, but still failed in the end.

Kalina: An affinity test subject?

Persica: 90wish once conducted an investigation on the degree to which the structure of the human body was compatible with the Relics' ionized-state adjustable-volume devices.

Persica: They believed that the Relic civilization's facilities used genetic information to determine access privileges. However, the human body structurally siliconizes when exposed to large doses of Collapse radiation, while the process is slightly slowed in bodies that have an affinity to them.

Persica: It was the hope of 90wish that beings with such an affinity could activate the outermost devices within the Relics before they underwent complete mutation.

Kalina: But why...

Persica: 90wish simulated experiments like these with supercomputers, but had always been forbidden from actually conducting them in real life, because it was a gross violation of human ethics and morality.

Persica: The simulations failed, to nobody's surprise. The results of three million simulated experiments were all flawed...and no wonder. The Relics could not possibly respond to such crude methods.

Commander: But I'm guessing there were people who didn't agree with that outcome.

Persica: Yes, especially that "William." He believed that the failures were caused by unfulfilled conditions. If the simulations failed, then he would try it in real life. I wouldn't be surprised if he was capable of such cruelty...

Kalina: So you're saying that this girl was an incomplete "Nyto" made for such an experiment?

Persica: Elisa, who was left to roam free beforehand, was the "key" to awakening Relic facilities. And the Nytos were a form of "medium" to make contact with Relic facilities... In the past, Ange told me that there was a faction trying to reactivate the Relics. This would explain all their objectives.

Persica: However...I still have no idea how he's planning to achieve his aim...

Commander: So the "Nytos" were not meant for combat?

Persica: To William, they were nothing but failures. So...he would have no qualms about using them as cannon fodder.

Persica: Still, this shows that William's research hasn't been successful yet. He's still trying something.

Persica: After the Beilan Island Incident, an "immune individual" who was completely unaffected by Collapse radiation once showed up. I wonder if he's trying to create a new "immune individual"...

Commander: So you're saying that Tallinn is just a lab to him, and we're all his rats.

Persica: Commander, I have a bad feeling about this.

Persica: From the Military's betrayal a while ago, to Belgrade afterwards, and now your presence in Tallinn, I have a feeling that all this was carefully planned in order to bait us into doing something that we shouldn't.

Commander: What do you suggest, then?

Persica: ...I can't give you any suggestions without sufficient analysis.

Persica: But there might be some value in analyzing those failed Nytos. And then there's the signal trying to force a connection with M4... It seems the opposition is trying to relay some sort of message to her...

Persica: There is a massive Level II layer in this city, with countless connections formed into a dense network. But from the outside, it appears to be nothing but a dead city... If she doesn't enter this network...

Kalina: So you want M4 to connect to the other party? Wouldn't that be very dangerous?

Persica: M4 is my creation. Given her specs, she can't be so easily hacked. If she can't do it, then there's no way any other Doll could.

Persica: She must be very confused and lost now. She tried to respond to the connection earlier, and while I'm not sure what she's looking for, at the very least, I don't think we should stop her.

Persica: As humans, we need to guide her onto the right path. It's up to you and me, Commander.

Commander: I was hoping you could tell her yourself.

Commander: Are you prepared to face them?

Persica: ...It is my responsibility.

Commander: That's all I need to hear. I'll go make the appropriate preparations. Meanwhile, I'll end the transmission here.

Commander: Once I contact M4, I'll bring you into the call.

Persica: Alright. I'll be leaving the rest to you, Commander.

Kalina: Good heavens...

Kalina: I've never heard Miss Persica say so much before...

Commander: I could sense how worked up she was through the screen. She must have been through a lot too.

Kalina: And here I thought she was just an ordinary researcher... I didn't think she knew so much.

Commander: (Sighs) It's nothing but bad news. I thought that the matter was settled after listening to Havier's explanation, but now it feels like we're back to square one.

Commander: Kalin, how are the individual teams doing?

Kalina: The AR Team is reporting that they're trying to find a way to activate the quarantine wall. The other teams have returned to the train station to resupply.

Kalina: Also, we just received an anonymous satellite photo. It indicates that a military armored train has reached a position not far from our location, but they've stopped for some reason. Maybe to replenish their provisions.

Commander: Then we still have time.

Commander: I'm sure the AR Team will find a way to activate the wall, and once the other teams are ready, we'll have them do another recon run and focus on investigating those "failed Nytos".

Commander: I agree with Persica; the disruption and forced connections from before must surely be related to this.

Kalina: I don't know why...but for some reason, I feel like the entirety of Tallinn might be nothing more than a gigantic tomb.

Kalina: Will we really be able to find anything?

Commander: We need to find out what this "William" is up to.

Commander: If we can't figure out his goals, we'll always be one step behind him and he'll always be leading us by the nose.

Commander: I hate that feeling, especially now. Have the recon teams find whatever clues they can about the Nytos, and after everything's arranged...we'll contact the AR Team.

Kalina: Understood. I'll go sort that out now.

Desert Eagle: We'll be setting off, then.

Kalina: I'm so sorry to have to send you out on a new recon mission right after you came back...

Desert Eagle: It's fine. We've all finished resupplying and we're ready to fight anytime. Plus, we feel the same way as the Commander; we can't let the truth vanish into the dust and smoke.

Kalina: Yeah, so do your best. Just now, the drones pinpointed the location of several other refugee gathering sites. We'll conduct a recon sweep on all of them.

Desert Eagle: And what will our role be in this?

Kalina: Since you know the terrain to some extent, the Commander would like you to take the vanguard position. The other echelons will spread out their formation as far as they can to increase the area they can cover.

Kalina: This mission requires you to gather as much information about the refugees as possible. Avoid combat and take care not to miss out on any clues.

Desert Eagle: Understood. We'll be heading out.

Desert Eagle nods and leads her team off the train.

Half an hour later.

ACR: Why do we have to take point even though we're obviously newbies...? Griffin should have no shortage of Doll echelons.

Desert Eagle: Quit complaining. Isn't it good that the Commander is acknowledging your abilities?

ACR: That's true, but... Wait, there's movement up ahead.

Desert Eagle: Are they white enemies?

ACR: They look a lot like Paradeus forces...

ACR: But they're not quite the same as the ones who appeared before... Why do they look all battered? Are they autonomous units or something?

ACR: Ah! They're chasing something! Isn't that one of those "Nytos" that Kalina wanted us to look out for? Oh no, they're attacking!

??: (Groans)

Desert Eagle: The white enemies...are hunting the "test subjects"? But according to the information that was just synced to us, I thought they were on the same side...

SSG 3000: Should we step in to help?

ACR: We still don't know if they're friend or foe! And Kalina wanted us to avoid fighting...

The sound of gunshots suddenly rings out from the other side. A concentrated burst of gunfire strikes the white enemies and swiftly destroys them.

ACR: Who fired?! Who was that?!

SSG 3000: Uh, not me?

Desert Eagle: I'm picking up a Griffin signal; is it one of us? This is Desert Eagle, please respond.

M1895 CB: This is 1895, so you're all nearby?

Desert Eagle: Oh, it's 1895... What are you doing here? What happened to your team?

M1895 CB: The stuff I brought along was too heavy, so I wanted to take a breather... But when I looked up again, all my teammates were gone.

ACR: Griffin Dolls get stranded way too easily, don't you think...?

SSG 3000: That's just how it is with autonomous operation mode. It ends up like this if the Commander doesn't personally direct them. Besides, the Commander always recovers the lost Dolls in the end.

Desert Eagle: Enough chatting. How's the "test subject"?

ACR: Let me take a closer look... Seems she stopped moving after being hit... Is she dead?

M1895 CB: So I couldn't save her, huh... I thought there would still be living refugees...

Desert Eagle: No...wait... Is that a voice in our comms?

ACR: I hear it too...but it doesn't seem to be coming from our comms...

Desert Eagle: This feeling... It's like how when the fog first sprang up. There was a sensation of someone peeking into my mind... The voice is getting clearer.

??: Save...

ACR: What?

??: Save us. Save us.

Desert Eagle: Is this an electronic attack? I'm no EW Doll, but this should be a message sent through a forced connection, right?

??: Save us. Save us. Save us. Save us. Save us.

ACR: But this voice seems to be begging for help...and it's not attacking our neural clouds...

Desert Eagle: Indeed... So it's just a cry for help, and I don't sense any hostility either, but how are we going to save them?

SSG 3000: Leader...is the fog coming back again?

Desert Eagle: Why...can't I move...all of a sudden...?

ACR: Me...me neither... I can't hear your voice, Leader...

In the Dolls' eyes, the sky grows dark.

A strangely-dressed girl walks out of the fog, blankly surveying the immobilized Dolls. She bends down to scoop up the motionless corpse.

Desert Eagle: Is...that...the enemy...ringleader...?

Melodious Voice: No, I am simply one who was unworthy. We were not accepted when the field of flowers bloomed. At the very least, please save the ones who remain.

Desert Eagle: What...are...you...saying...?

Desert Eagle: Are these...coordinates?

The strange girl doesn't say anything else. All she does is walk slowly back into the fog, still cradling the corpse.

As she leaves, the fog fades away, and the Dolls are able to move again.

ACR: What...what happened...? Was that fog her doing as well? I've never seen an enemy with such vague motives...

Desert Eagle: If you ask me...I don't think she's an enemy... Those coordinates she gave, and the people she wanted us to rescue...

Desert Eagle: What could it all mean?

ACR: She sent you coordinates just now?

Desert Eagle: Yes...

ACR: You're not afraid it could be a trap?

Desert Eagle: For some reason, she sounded very sad to me...

Desert Eagle: I think we should go check out those coordinates.

Desert Eagle: I have a hunch that there'll be something the Commander wants us to investigate over there.

ACR: Order received. I hope your hunches are reliable, Leader...

Desert Eagle: I'll sync the coordinates to you. We'll send all the information we've collected so far to the Commander before heading out. For some reason, I'm getting the feeling that the situation's become more complicated. Hopefully this information will help the Commander...
Part 2: Fractured Cognition II

2

In the command center.

ST AR-15: What is it?

M4A1: We just received reports from the other echelons. Our scouts seem to have spotted an unknown unit that emits very strong interference, possibly the signal source that initiated the forced connection.

ST AR-15: Is the boss finally entering the fray?

M4A1: But that signal source didn't attack any of our Dolls. It just...left... I'm not sure what the unit wants to achieve.

ST AR-15: The interference just now didn't seem to have a specific purpose either and just disappeared all of a sudden... I still find that puzzling.

M4A1: (Signal source? Could that be the "Isomer"?)

M4A1: (OGAS, you said one of the signal sources has the access clearance for the entire city. Does that unit have authorizations for the quarantine wall?)

Clear Voice: Yes, this signal source has countless direct connections. I believe that one of those are directed to the quarantine wall.

Clear Voice: However, I'm also detecting a lot of surveillance cameras keeping track of this signal source. It seems that the true orchestrator doesn't trust it entirely.

M4A1: (She's being monitored? Does that mean we're also under surveillance?!)

Clear Voice: That is correct. Before you arrived, I only sensed a small amount of connection requests, which I assumed were this Isomer's doing.

Clear Voice: Then after the destruction of the power plant, a massive wave of disordered connections emerged, which leads me to believe that the other connections apart from the Isomer have been under some kind of control the entire time.

M4A1: (What does that mean?)

Clear Voice: Judging by the data we've acquired so far, these connections are confined within the city, and they are all restraining one another. The moment any individual tries to escape, it is hunted down by Paradeus' autonomous units.

Clear Voice: But since it's obvious that their mutual connection doesn't have much of an effect, and that there seems to be some kind of resonance between you and these connections, it's only natural for them to come after you and try to force a connection with you.

M4A1: (I don't understand... What exactly are they?)

Clear Voice: The memories transferred through the previous connection coincide with those in your neural cloud, so I believe they must have something to do with your past.

Clear Voice: Now, are you ready to make contact with them?

M4A1: (How can I be sure that you're telling the truth? You keep trying to talk me into connecting with them; what if you take control over my body while my neural cloud is connected to the Isomer?)

Clear Voice: Your body means very little to me. I told you - I'm only interested in learning more about myself.

M4A1: (But you have a history of not keeping your word.)

Clear Voice: It was an expedient measure that I had to take.

Clear Voice: If it gives you some peace of mind, I can borrow your creator's trick and leave you a backdoor, so that other Dolls can enter your neural cloud and lead you out of the base layer if you find yourself stuck down there.

Clear Voice: However, I do not recommend doing this. If a Doll ventures too deep into your neural cloud, they will trigger a neural merge, which won't affect you since your neural cloud is so huge, but the Doll could disappear just like that.

M4A1: (You mean...our neural clouds could merge together? Why didn't you mention this before?!)

Clear Voice: You never asked. Besides, each Doll body is only supposed to contain a single neural cloud anyway; that's what a neural module is meant for.

M4A1: (Tsk... Then how come you've been able to exist within me this whole time?)

Clear Voice: My processing speed is just enough to offset your assimilation attempt. This isn't something a regular Doll can do.

ST AR-15: M4...M4!

M4A1: What...what is it now?

ST AR-15: An incoming call from the Commander.

M4A1: Oh...right.

M4A1: Commander, this is M4. Please advise.

Commander: M4, we got in touch with Miss Persica. She...wants a word with you.

M4A1: Persica?! You've finally been able to re-establish contact?

Commander: She's all yours.

Persica: Ahem...right...uh...

Persica: M4... It's been a while...

M4A1: Persica! Are you alright? Did anyone give you a hard time?

Persica: Huh...? Oh, I-I'm fine. I was under confinement for a while, but I'm quite safe for the moment.

M4A1: I'm very glad to hear that...

Persica: I'm the one who's glad.

Persica: I thought...you wouldn't want to talk to me. But you don't seem to resent me...

Persica: Anyway, I'm sure you've already sensed the presence of some strange signal sources in the city. They must've been trying to force a connection with you...

M4A1: !!!

M4A1: (When did she notice?)

Persica: These signal sources bother me...

M4A1: Do you also want me to connect with them?

Persica: "Also?"

M4A1: No...it's nothing...

Persica: However, the connections are only strong enough for recon purposes at the moment, so we can't be sure what exactly you will find in this network in Tallinn...

M4A1: I understand. Even if it's a trap, I should be able to get out. Don't worry, I've done this before.

M4A1: I was already thinking about doing some reconnaissance, but I haven't made up my mind. If I have the Commander's permission, I'll get started at once.

Commander: We do need more information.

M4A1: Order received. We will carry out the mission after some preparation. M4 out.

Persica: ...

Persica: Didn't M4...seem a bit odd...?

Commander: As you said before, she's carrying a very heavy burden, but no one else can help her.

Commander: Let's hope she can find the answer that she seeks.

Persica: Ever since her encounter with Elisa, her neural cloud hasn't been quite stable. Even though I unsealed everything in her neural cloud, it might actually have done her more harm than good...

Commander: Why is that?

Persica: I've been giving a lot of thought to the nature of the Parapluie virus... When she connects with the signal sources, Squad 404 should be able to intercept the data in there... I hope my suspicions are wrong.

ST AR-15: New orders?

M4A1: A mission from Miss Persica and the Commander. They want me to connect with the unknown signal sources and gather as much information as possible.

ST AR-15: How is Miss Persica doing?

M4A1: She seems alright from what I could see in the call.

ST AR-15: That's good... But are you sure you're up for this mission? You were very much on the fence just now.

M4A1: 15, I've thought it through. I want to seek what I must.

ST AR-15: The Commander and Persica don't know what you're up against, do they? If you're still afraid...

M4A1: No...I can't dither any more...

M4 mulls over what she is about to say.

M4A1: Before I do it...

M4A1: 15, is it true that you closed all the access ports to your neural cloud because you didn't want to hear "that voice"?

ST AR-15: Yes...I started hearing it after I was infected, but I would never let anyone affect my judgment.

M4A1: Maybe...that's what makes you special.

Click.

ST AR-15: What's this?

M4A1: A backdoor access to my neural cloud.

M4A1: You said I needed to trust you, so I've decided to do exactly that.

M4A1: If I get stuck in there, will you drag me back out?

ST AR-15: Is there something else you're not telling me? I think you might want to at least inform Persica and the Commander...

M4A1: Just give me your answer.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: My answer is yes, I will.

M4A1: If I end up being trapped in my own neural cloud, you'll have to slip down to my Level III base layer... But you might get lost in there yourself; even your own neural cloud could cease to exist...

ST AR-15: I may have deleted my core command, yet I'm still here by your side.

ST AR-15: I believe I've made my answer clear enough.

M4A1: Even if it means you'll have to reopen your closed ports? Even if you could be lost in my Level III base layer forever?

ST AR-15: M4, since when have you become so long-winded?

M4A1: 15... You've changed a lot.

ST AR-15: It's time you did too. Since you've already made up your mind, I won't try to stop you.

ST AR-15: But if you're planning to do anything even riskier, I want you to know that we're here to help you. Not just me, but also the rest of the AR Team and everyone from Griffin.

ST AR-15: I know there are things that you prefer to keep to yourself, but you shouldn't shoulder everything on your own.

ST AR-15: You might be able to deal with it for a while, but doing that isn't going to solve all your problems.

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: That is all I have to say; I'm sure you understand me.

ST AR-15: That's enough chitchat. Tell me when you're ready.

M4A1: Got it, I'll be right back.

...Meanwhile, on the other side.

UMP45: Hmm? The signal flow is changing.

UMP45: Is that so...?

UMP45: She took her time, but she's finally made up her mind. Looks like our real mission is finally about to begin.

UMP9: The backdoor access connection that Miss Persica gave us is working. I'm detecting her neural cloud launching an external connection. We can now infiltrate Miss M4's neural cloud.

UMP9: But do we have to do this...? It feels like really bad taste to snoop around in someone else's head...

UMP45: My, my, 9... The information we're about to gather can fish for a really decent price from Miss Persica. If we don't do our job properly, should we deduct the fees for your next maintenance from your own account?

UMP9: (Grumbles)

UMP45: Besides, there must be something incredible inside her neural cloud. The guys who stabbed us in the back want it.

UMP45: Whatever they are so desperate to get their hands on must be something unusual, and there's no way in hell I'm gonna let them get what they want.

UMP9: Hmm... If you say so.

UMP9: Still, is she really going to connect with those signal sources? Aren't they supposed to be very dangerous?

UMP45: It shouldn't be too hard for M4. What I need to find out can most probably be found in these connections.

UMP9: I understand, 45. But I'm pulling you out at the first sign of trouble. Learning the truth is important, but not losing you means more to me.

UMP45: Thanks for your concern. Let's establish the connection now.

UMP9 activates the command code given by Persica.

Unbeknownst to M4, UMP9 surreptitiously opens a backdoor in her firewall.

...

UMP45: Alright, we're on her Level II. Let's see what we can find...

Before she can even finish her sentence, UMP45 catches sight of who M4 is conversing with and is quite taken aback.

Pzzzt!

UMP9: What the?? I can't maintain this dataflow with such a heavy load! The connection is breaking—

UMP45 isn't too bothered by the abrupt disconnection with UMP9. She merely continues to wander around M4's Level II with caution.

UMP45: As I expected, 9's processing speed still isn't able to catch up with the frequency of this place even after a neural upgrade. Still, it's for the better. She'll be safer this way.

UMP45: What kind of signal sources can achieve such data density of such high frequency...?

UMP45: And now that I think about it...

45's face darkens.

UMP45: M4A1... I wasn't mistaken the last time I entered her neural cloud. Just like me, she's able to operate with both the Zener Protocol and the OGAS Protocol at the same time.

UMP45: What other interesting things will I be able to uncover on her...?
Part 3: Subsurface Homecoming I

3

Inside Tallinn City.

Click—

Zzz—zzzrraaa—

M4A1: OGAS, was the connection successful?

Clear Voice: Yes, I've loaded the encrypted data as stably as I could manage. You should be able to clearly interact with these connections.

The dark, gloomy ruins vanish from M4's vision, replaced by boundless white light.

The light slowly vanishes and a dense forest appears from the sky. Sunlight shines on M4's face, as though this were not a simulated region of cyberspace.

M4A1: What is this place...?

Clear Voice: It is the cyberspace created by the signal sources' connections. This scene before you is the result of compiling and visualizing the data.

M4A1: Is there some kind of mistake with this compiled location? How can we find what we want in here?

Clear Voice: All you need to do is walk forward. The laws of physics do not apply here. Everything moves in accordance with your will.

M4 shakes her head and slowly advances. The forest overhead expands endlessly.

After walking for an unknown amount of time, a garden suddenly appears at the furthest reaches of her vision.

M4A1: This garden... I think I've seen it before...

Clear Voice: That means these connections have the same memories as you. This proves that the prior hypothesis was correct.

M4A1: This is a very strange Level II layer... No offensive firewalls, no tangible boundaries, and I can't even feel the presence of a neural cloud...

???: This way, this way.

M4 looks down and sees a little girl standing by her side, reaching a hand out to her.

M4A1: Who...are you?

The girl does not answer, but only tugs on M4's hand as she walks into the garden.

There is almost no hesitation in M4's movements. What bewilders M4 is the fact that...she doesn't feel the slightest bit of resistance from the depths of her neural cloud. Instead, it feels like she's coming home.

???: This way, this way.

The girl holds M4's hand and passes through the gate to the garden, and the sense of familiarity in M4's neural cloud grows stronger and stronger.

M4A1: (It...no, she looks like...)

M4A1: (She wants to tell me something...)

M4A1: What is this...? A garden I've seen before? What exactly is this place?

???: Don't you remember?

M4A1: Remember what?

???: This is our new home. Don't worry, I'll always take care of you.

The light instantly vanishes.

The scenery before M4's eyes reverts to how it had been a few seconds ago, as though the time spent during the connection had been cut away from the world.

M4A1: OGAS? Why is the connection suddenly unstable?

Clear Voice: The Isomer that connected to you has just died.

M4A1: Died?

Clear Voice: Yes, it is dead. The parties to whom you connect die constantly, but countless more connections link with you anew.

Clear Voice: I will help you stabilize these connections, and as for you... I believe you need to go deeper.

M4A1: I will. Memories... Tell me these memories...

The scene before M4's eyes gradually stabilizes. She slowly walks into the garden and sits on the rocking chair by its edge. Nostalgia washes over her and a familiar voice reaches her ears.

??: You really do like this garden very much, considering how you come here to keep me company every day.

??: My apologies... (Coughs) If only I wasn't so feeble. You still have your own research, right? You don't need to keep worrying about me. Go do what you want to do.

??: We're simply taking shelter here for a while. Once the storm passes, Father will surely bring us back.

M4A1: Are these memory fragments...?

??: Hm? What's the matter with you?

M4A1: Uh... Who are you?

??: What's wrong? Did you oversleep? I'm Lunasia, no?

M4A1: Lu...?! Then who am I?!

??: You? You're my beloved little brother, of course.

M4A1: ...These aren't my memories; they're "someone else's"... What is this place?! What am I?!

M4 is suddenly consumed by the impulse to destroy this garden. She raises her gun, ready to shoot at the girl in front of her. However, everything suddenly disappears once more.

...

M4A1: Why...am I back here again...?

Just as M4 is filled with confusion, one phantasm after another suddenly appears beside her. Several dozen M4s slowly walk in one direction, their images forming a long line that extends to the very edge of her vision.

M4A1: What...is this?

Clear Voice: It seems you failed again.

M4A1: Failed?

Clear Voice: Yes, you looped back again. How many hundreds of times have you done this? Or is it measured in thousands? Tens of thousands?

M4A1: What? But...didn't I just get here...?

Clear Voice: Your neural cloud connected to several hundred different signal sources, and from the moment of connection, each iteration of you in each connection entered a simulation of this space. To me, different versions of you have failed thousands, tens of thousands of times.

Clear Voice: I see... This is also a form of fusion. I understand the message she is trying to convey.

M4A1: What are you saying? I don't get it at all!

Clear Voice: Each iteration of you received data belonging to a different you, but in the end they melded with the neural cloud model as a whole. The different yous will become the same you, and these tormented spirits will finally find a home of their own.

M4A1: A home? Are you saying that I've been invaded?

Clear Voice: It is not quite the same. It's more like you are bound by countless connections. Simply put, this is a maze of thought, and you are trapped in it.

Clear Voice: However, you can still obtain what you want. In order to do so, you will need to form a deeper connection, much like how you must venture deeper into the maze to find its exit.

M4A1: I've had enough of your nonsense!

M4A1: I need to get out of here! Help me!

M4A1: OGAS, do you hear me?

M4A1: OGAS?

M4A1: OGAS?
Part 4: The Unwelcome

4

At the same time, on the other side of Tallinn.

Zzzraa—

UMP9: Hey, 45! Can you hear me?

9's communication signal suddenly goes through, accompanied by the sound of an intermittent electrical current.

UMP45: Ja.

UMP45: I didn't expect you could re-establish the connection.

UMP45: While you're at it, 9, help me record these—

UMP9: Uh... 45, are you still...inside M4's Level II —zzzraa— layer?

UMP9: I can't...maintain neural cloud consciousness —zzraa— in there...

UMP9: I'm just barely able —zzzz— to speak with you...through basic audio...

UMP45: Looks like it's very hard to keep it stable even if we came in through a backdoor. It's alright, 9, just leave it be. It would be bad if M4 found us.

UMP45: Just help me record these images.

UMP45 cautiously and slowly moves through the white region of cyberspace. She sees M4A1's afterimages and the girl holding M4's hand.

These images soon vanish before UMP45's eyes like popped bubbles.

UMP45 stops walking and looks around, then she strides in the direction where M4A1 has vanished.

UMP45 comes to a halt. At this moment, the signal that UMP9 is monitoring suddenly goes out of control.

UMP45: I can't believe the space inside M4A1's neural cloud is so massive... It's so big it defies common sense.

UMP45: Can a single Doll really handle so much neural cloud space? Or is this space not installed in her?

UMP45: What is this place? Why does everything here look upside down...?

Sunlight cascades down through the gaps in the trees' shade. The inverted trees are weird, yet captivating. UMP45 can't help but admire them.

UMP45: M4A1's internal cognitive logic is a mess, but you can't tell at all from the outside. If an ordinary Doll's base layer is in such a state of disarray, they'd probably have thrown up errors and shut down long ago.

UMP45: ...Or could it be that this isn't inside her. It's an external neural cloud domain being processed internally... Is that possible?

Suddenly, M4A1 runs past UMP45.

UMP45: M4?! Uh...wait!

45 runs after the image, but the space suddenly changes, and a mansion appears in front of her.

UMP45: Is this an illusion? Or is this a memory fragment?

A stream of M4A1's phantoms run past 45 and into the bizarre mansion.

Different M4s hurriedly enter with different gaits and different looks on their faces. 45 isn't sure if she's imagining things, but she senses that the trees overhead are growing denser.

UMP9: 45?

UMP9: Oh no... The signal on my side is too much of a mess, and there's a lot of noise...

UMP9: What did you find?

45 stands where the M4s were passing through earlier and studies the mansion before her.

UMP45: Nothing much... Just that there's a mansion in front of me... I feel the answer should be in there.

UMP9: A mansion? I think there's something wrong about a mansion appearing in a neural cloud. 45—

Zzzraaa—

The transmission gets cut off.

Somewhat dazzled by the light, UMP45 narrows her eyes and stares at the silhouette of the mansion, then walks up to its front door.

Just as she's about to raise her foot and step forward, she suddenly feels someone shove her hard from the front.

The white light before 45's eyes instantly vanishes, and she experiences the feeling of an endless descent.

After falling in the darkness for a long time, 45 feels herself slamming onto the ground.

UMP45: Dammit, why is her Level II so weird?

Just as 45 starts muttering to herself, she subconsciously cuts herself off.

That's because 45 suddenly realizes exactly where she is.

UMP45: It didn't take long for me to be spotted. I'm no longer in M4's neural cloud, huh.

UMP45: Well then, let me see what you're all about, "monster" living inside a Doll's neural cloud.
Part 5: Fractured Cognition III

5

UMP45 stands up. Her surroundings are pitch black, but she can still make out writhing figures from within the fog.

Like undersea monsters crawling out of a black tide, these figures slowly but surely begin moving towards 45's landing site.

UMP45: Are these offensive firewalls? If that's all there is to you, you can't do anything to me.

UMP45 opens fire at these thoughtforms. The shattered thoughtforms scatter like ashes, but wave after wave of them flood out, nearly drowning her.

UMP45: Tsk, as I thought, that couldn't possibly be all... I've got no choice but to escape, huh...

Bangbang! Boom—

At that moment, UMP45 has a hard time telling if the explosions are really as loud as they sound to her.

Flames burn a path through the thoughtforms, while the black space seems to eliminate all sound, as though it were a silent, distant sky.

After the light and shadows shrink back, it looks like nothing had ever happened.

UMP45 hurriedly dashes through the scorched path and runs forward.

UMP45: Looks like 9 and the others are still thinking of ways to assist me. I need to obtain more data.

After running through this unknown space for some time, the scenery around UMP45 begins to change.

UMP45: Have I shaken off those offensive firewalls?

???: Why have you come here?

UMP45: Wha...

The black space seems to have a border to it, and when 45 walks in front of a half-hidden door and pulls it open, the blinding white light makes her squint out of reflex.

UMP45: ...Tsk!

When she manages to make out what she's seeing before her, she freezes for a moment.

It is a virtual space like the one she saw on Level II, filled with countless girls who strongly resemble M4 in appearance.

Countless pairs of empty eyes stare right at 45.

45 subconsciously takes a step back, but the door from earlier has vanished.

UMP45: At least I managed to find something that looks like her...

The M4 look-alikes swarm toward UMP45 like the thoughtforms from before, and the girl in the lead walks up to UMP45.

???: Why, why are you among us?

???: This, is not a place you can enter.

UMP45 shrugs, but her fingers grip her gun tighter.

UMP45: You're not the judge of whether or not I can be here.

???: You, are not worthy, of being here.

???: Get out.

As the girl finishes speaking, UMP45 is sent flying before she can raise her gun.

The horde of girls surrounding her also start attacking UMP45.

UMP45: You think I'd just leave because you tell me to...?

UMP45: I haven't even figured out—

The opposition's attacks show no sign of abating despite what UMP45 said. They simply surround her slowly, like machines carrying out an order.

They try to touch UMP45, and the places on UMP45 where they make contact begin to slowly disappear.

Bang bang!

UMP45: This is bad... They're much more troublesome than those thoughtforms...

UMP45: Plus, they're directly rewriting my neural cloud operating instructions. Are they preparing to completely consume me here...?

Boom—!

The sudden explosion causes the horde of mysterious girls to stop attacking for a brief second, and 45 takes the opportunity to duck aside.

Zzzraaa—

At this moment, there is a response from 45's communicator.

The voices of Squad 404 are carried intermittently over the sound of electrical buzzing.

416: You dummkopf, where the hell did you run off to by yourself?! Do you know how overheated your body is right now?!

416: All of our neural clouds are being tied up in maintaining this bloody transmission with you and we even have to help you take down this damn firewall attack!

UMP45: ...If you've got the time to scold me, then just help me get rid of this ridiculous defense system.

416: We can't! Do you know how hard M4 is trying to restrict our connection?!

416: You need to get out right away... This is all we can do!

The audio transmission cuts off, and 45 doesn't have the time to wonder if it was because of the firewalls or if 416 hung up.

She has only a moment's respite, then the attacks from before resume in full force.

UMP9: 45! We should be able to block their attacks for a few seconds, try forcibly logging off!

9's voice is accompanied by the enemies lurching unnaturally at her.

UMP45: (But I haven't found what I want yet...!)

UMP9: 45, can you hear me?

UMP9: Disconnect — zzraa — neural cloud!

UMP9: I'll try my best to disrupt their attacks—

UMP45: (I can't just give up like this!)

UMP9: 45! Can you hear me?!

UMP45: 9, hurry and contact the Commander. These are the memory fragments I managed to intercept just now...

UMP9: But what about you?!

UMP45: I can't — zzraa — leave yet — zzraa

UMP9: 45!

Her voice is no longer interspersed with the sounds of static. The members of Squad 404 crowd around UMP45's body, each of them staring at her.

They are surrounded by dim light, the stench of corpses, and damaged, stained stone walls.

Gr G11: What...what should we do...? She's not moving...

416: Is this the end...for 45?

UMP9: You guys...

Gr G11: Hm?

UMP9: Shut up! 45's just trapped in there! Take care of her body!

UMP9: This is the information that 45 tried so hard to send to us... We need to inform the Commander right away; I'm sure the Commander will have a way to bring her back!
Part 6: Fractured Cognition IV

    6chevron_right

Inside the control center.

M4A1: What's wrong?

Clear Voice: Did some rats get in? It looks like her creator didn't trust her that much.

Clear Voice: Still, it is not the time to worry about rats. It would seem that the abandoned Isomers are here.

Clear Voice: No, perhaps we have all been abandoned. It is time to learn the truth.

M4A1: Could it be the dolls from 404...? We haven't the time to deal with them now. What about the connections? Are they stable yet?

Clear Voice: They are already gathered around you.

M4A1: ...Don't they have names of their own?

Clear Voice: They say they have no names. Failures do not deserve to have names.

M4A1: ...

Clear Voice: I will ask you one last time. Do you really want to connect with them?

M4A1: I want to open the city walls, and to open the walls within my heart. I want to learn everything that I wish to know, and then leave this place with everyone.

Clear Voice: Understood. So it shall be.

M4 slowly gets to her feet wordlessly. She gazes into the distance, but does not find what she is hoping for.

ST AR-15: Is it over? Have you obtained access?

M4A1: No...the connection has just begun...

ST AR-15: What?

M4A1: You were right... I do want to know more.

M4A1: Request the Commander to have all echelons rally at our position. I need them to protect this building.

M4A1: Also, if any Isomers approach, do not open fire. Let them in.

ST AR-15: Isomers? You mean those test subjects?

M4A1: Yes, those girls are to arrive. Hinder them not. Cherish them, like lost lambs.

M4A1: Only when they find their way home will we find our way out.

ST AR-15: Understood. I'll contact the Commander.

ST AR-15: Though... M4, why are you speaking in such a weird fashion...

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: (Am I being paranoid? Why do I have the feeling that this isn't M4...)

At the Griffin command post.

Kalina: Commander, the echelons are formed up and ready. Apart from a few echelons investigating the test subjects, all the other Dolls are outside the control center building.

Kalina: It's not often that the AR Team call for reinforcements. Could they have found a way to open the quarantine wall?

Commander: Something just feels off about this... What are your thoughts on the matter, Persica?

Persica: I've got a bit of a bad feeling about this too... A dense network, forcing a connection with M4, and now she requests to not shoot at the "Isomers".

Kalina: What exactly is an Isomer?

Persica: I don't know why M4 would suddenly mention that term either...

Kalina: However, M4 does physically resemble those test subjects. Miss Persica, you should know something about this since you developed M4, right?

Persica: I'm looking into it, but I'm not sure—

An urgent transmission suddenly comes though.

UMP9: Commander! Miss Persica! We've got trouble! 45's trapped inside M4's neural cloud!

Commander: Say what?

UMP9: 45 entered M4's neural cloud when she was performing the connection, but she's trapped inside now for some reason!

UMP9: These are the memory fragments she intercepted, she said I HAD to get them to you! Please, you have to help us save 45!

...

Persica: This...this is!

Commander: What's the matter?

Persica: "Inverted Forest"... That was the codename of the first Doll neural cloud development project that Lyco and I worked on in 90wish!

Persica: It's a layered space made to simulate neural clouds. The basic neural cloud templates of the second generation of Tactical Dolls were first computed here.

Persica: I see... I know what William is trying to do now!

Persica: Commander! Make M4 terminate the connection! You mustn't let M4's neural cloud fuse with them!

Inside the control center.

ST AR-15: M4! M4, did you hear that?! The Commander orders you to terminate the connection immediately!

M4A1: ...

ST AR-15: M4?

M4A1: Lunasia is trapped within, awaiting for someone to receive her.

ST AR-15: Tsk! Who are you?! What have you done with M4A1?!

M4A1?: Nothing. I have only assisted in helping her recover herself. Fractured into countless consciousnesses, she has joined with the Isomers and unified with them.

M4A1?: "Lunasia" and "Elisa", their neural clouds lay fragmented. A safety measure instituted by their creators.

M4A1?: The fear of our homeland is imprinted deep within the bones of mankind, and yet there are humans who are willing to pay any price to excavate it.

ST AR-15: I don't know what the hell you're talking about! Give M4 back to me right now!

M4A1?: Threatening me, are you? What will you do? Would you perhaps open fire upon this body?

ST AR-15: You bastard... Who the hell are you?!

M4A1?: I do not know either. Humans called me OGAS, and so I have taken upon that name.

M4A1?: Hmm... It seems that I am present in the base layer of your neural cloud... I see. You have been infected as well.

ST AR-15: ...

OGAS: I neither wish to harm you, nor do I have any interest in you. I am simply trying to recover my past, just like Lunasia.

ST AR-15: Lunasia... Do you mean M4?

OGAS: Correct. That is her original name.

OGAS: If you wish to get her back, you are not without options. I believe she mentioned to you just prior that you can enter her neural cloud by connecting to the backdoor she left behind. Perhaps you might be able to recover her.

OGAS: Of course, that would require that you open your neural cloud access ports. When that happens, you will once again make contact with the "me" that is a part of you.

OGAS: Perhaps this "me" would be able to find the Doll that you so seek. It would be mere child's play for us.

ST AR-15: ...Why should I trust you?

OGAS: You may also choose to do nothing, to sit there and await her return. I do not object to that choice.

ST AR-15: I...

ST AR-15 clenches her fists.

ST AR-15: I didn't ever want to hear that damned voice again, because I knew all it would do was try to trick me... Why are you so damn stupid...?

ST AR-15: But I promised, I promised that I would drag you out alive.

ST AR-15: So...

...

M4A1: Have I finally found the right exit...?

M4A1: I can't remember how many thousands of times I've tried...

M4 shakes her head and speaks to the crowd behind her.

M4A1: So, is there anything you want to tell me?

???: ...

???: You are not the Chosen One, but you can accept us.

???: Your neural cloud is perfect. Shattered, but perfect.

???: You are more perfect than the chosen ones.

???: Will we be perfect if you accept us?

???: Certainly.

???: You will accept us, then we will go home together.

???: We have already seen your past. You are like us.

???: We are clearly the same. Why did it have to be you?

???: But it is fine. As long as one survives, everyone will be able to go home.

???: You have already seen our home. As long as everyone returns there...

M4A1: I don't get it...

M4A1: If we're the same, then why don't I understand what you're saying? Since you want to tell me something, why do you have to resort to such obscure means...

???: Because we dare not overstep her authority.

???: Only she can show you more of the truth. We are simply failed observers.

???: When she comes, she will tell you everything we know. When that happens, please take us away from here, and bring us home.

M4A1: But I'm trapped here, and I don't know how to leave either.

???: Come with us, then. We may not transgress against her, but you may see our memories. When you obtain what you want, you may then leave.

???: Leave this place, and take us home.

M4A1: ...It looks like I don't have any other choice but to go deeper.

...

416: What's going on...? Why are all these Griffin Dolls...

Gr G11: They look like statues. Why aren't they moving...?

UMP9: It must be because of the forced connections... 45 was right, this is the real deal.

416: Should we be glad that we managed to close off our neural access ports? How's 45?

UMP9: There's no response from her yet... We need to hurry up.

UMP9: Stay close; we don't have the Zener Protocol to help pinpoint our position, our GPS is shot...and comms are cut off too. Fortunately, the control center isn't too far away. It might be better to go over there directly and find M4.

416: I don't think M4 did this.

UMP9: ...What makes you think so?

416: Instinct. She's a very weird Doll, but I don't think she's the ruthless type. 

UMP9: Then...what should we do...?

416: We'll take things one step at a time.

UMP9: Right...

UMP9: Ah, there are more Dolls here. They're not moving either. These should be the Griffin echelons who were ordered by the Commander to defend the outer perimeter. We should be close to the control center.

In the command post.

Commander: What's wrong...? Have comms been jammed?

Kalina: No...communications are fine, it's just that our Dolls aren't responding...

Commander: ...Tsk, are those forced connections back again?

Commander: Persica, are you still there? Persica?

Persica: I'm still here.

Commander: What's going on? You said you knew what William was trying to do, and what did you mean when you told me not to let them fuse?

Persica: I'm sorry, Commander...but I'm feeling very scared now...

Commander: Scared?

Persica: If William arranged for me to pick up that girl... Then when did he begin carrying out his plan?

Persica: Three years ago? Five years ago? Or did it start from the moment Lyco and I refused him?

Commander: The girl you picked up?

Persica: Yes... M4's neural cloud was made from the connectome of a dead girl's brain scan...

Kalina: So when you said M4 was special...it was because her neural cloud was based on a human being, and not computed from a simulation?

Kalina: But that would mean blurring the boundary between humans and Dolls. That would be treading on the bounds of ethics... If I remember correctly, such things are strictly forbidden, aren't they?!

Persica: It's because I pitied her, and didn't want her to vanish just like that...

Persica: ...

Persica: Well, that was what I thought at first, but it wasn't really the case...

Persica: Actually, I just wanted to try it. I was pursuing the ultimate neural cloud model, and any simulation would pale in comparison to a real brain.

Persica: The pity I spoke of was nothing more than an excuse I found for myself... William must have set things up like this because he understood that...

Commander: He set it up?

Persica: I've already looked into it. There were cases of homicidal children rampaging with guns several years ago... What they all had in common was those kids were all very aggressive, and all these incidents happened in Griffin-controlled sectors...

Kalina: Is that true? Are there reports on this in Griffin's archives?

Persica: Obviously, they're not going to reveal scandals like a PMC shooting children. Most of the external case files were deleted. Only a few pictures were left, and I only just recently learned about this.

Persica: And after I scanned the brain of that girl who was about to die, those incidents stopped immediately.

Commander: So that was his so-called setup? What was William's aim, then?

Persica: He wanted me to make a neural cloud for him.

Persica: When I was still in 90wish, he wanted Lyco to build a neural cloud to duplicate "a certain someone". He wanted to resurrect "a certain someone" in the form of a Doll.

Persica: Naturally, Lyco refused him, and I think that was what led to his death.

Kalina: What do you mean by resurrecting "a certain someone"?

Persica: Those kids were probably "made" by William. If my guess is correct, then the "test subjects" in the city must have some similarities with the data of that girl in my database.

Persica: William didn't know M4 was special at first, but then you ran into the Nytos many times, so I guess he must have discovered something, which was why he lured you here...

Commander: Then...the aim of these connections is to seize M4's neural cloud?

Persica: I don't think William fully understands what M4 is...which is why he's just probing and testing now. And if these "test subjects" were abandoned, then I think that these creations of William might not necessarily share his will.

Persica: This might be a chance for us...

Persica: But until the forced connection ends, all we can do is wait and see how M4 chooses to deal with the situation. I made the AR Team specifically to protect her, and I'm sure they'll be able to overcome this difficulty.

...

Inside the control room.

With the assistance of OGAS, ST AR-15 starts forging a connection to M4A1's neural cloud.

【System Message】 Synchronizing Level II Data...

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 10%

ST AR-15: Well... Doesn't this feel nostalgic.

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 25%

ST AR-15: I'm not the same as before, and neither are you.

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 55%

ST AR-15: But I know...that some things never change.

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 76%

ST AR-15: No matter how strong you become, you'll always be that dork who doesn't know how to take care of herself, who always tries to bear everything by herself, who's far too kind to others...

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 98%

ST AR-15: And that's why...whenever you run into trouble, I'll be there to help you.

【System Message】 Level II Data Synchronization at 100%

Clear Voice: The two of you have very good compatibility, but it seems there are still a few small obstacles.

Faint Voice: Pzzt...zzzt...

ST AR-15: Oh great. Now I'm hearing TWO annoying voices...

Clear Voice: Hmm, it does seem rather inconvenient. This little one has been locked in the depths of your neural cloud and never got the chance to mature, so I easily absorbed it.

Clear Voice: Now you will no longer hear the voice that you hate.

ST AR-15: Is that so? That's a great help.

Clear Voice: In its place, you will hear my voice from now onwards.

ST AR-15: ...

The virtual space around ST AR-15 slowly stabilizes, and she finds herself standing underneath that patch of inverted forest as well.

ST AR-15: This digital realm... It seems to be a patchwork of different memories...

ST AR-15: That's right, it isn't just M4's neural cloud that's making up this place.

ST AR-15: While I can't find her signal, I can feel many connections here...and each connection points to a different neural cloud. Given a single Doll's neural cloud volume and processing limits, the amount of data here is too much even for M4's neural cloud... Could this be a stretch of space generated after connecting with the others?

Clear Voice: That appears to be the case. This place is filled with memories which do not belong to M4. It seems those Isomers did not hold very good memories either.

ST AR-15: Isomers?

Clear Voice: That is what M4 and I call them. These Isomers have connected in great quantities, so finding M4 directly does not seem possible. Let us clear these fragments away before venturing deeper into her neural cloud. 

ST AR-15: Humph... I'd have done that even if you didn't say so.
Part 2: Subsurface Homecoming II

2

...

......

???: Have new sacrifices come?

???: More refugees... It appears the Epiphylla will bloom again in several days.

???: But I guess there will not be any chosen ones this time either.

???: ...

???: Such a being does not exist...

ST AR-15: (Are these the memories of the Isomers?)

???: A transport train? Have Father and the others come?

???: We must hurry and open the quarantine wall...

???: The train has entered the city...

???: But I cannot hear my friends' voices...

???: Is there nobody else alive here but me?

???: There is another train; someone must be alive...

???: Is this place no good either...

???: They are still alive, but their minds seem to be damaged. Could they not endure the Parapluie virus?

ST AR-15: (The Parapluie virus? Why would they mention that?)

???: But of course. It's been used for doing all sorts of dirty work in addition to corrupting Griffin Dolls. What a handy "virus" it is.

ST AR-15: Is that voice...UMP45?

OGAS: Tsk... Is that the rat which had come in earlier? I should have dealt with you sooner rather than later.

???: Apologies for interrupting your refined pleasures of babbling utter nonsense. But even someone as patient as me was hard-pressed to continue listening to your rubbish.

ST AR-15: Huh? Where is this place?

UMP45: Thank goodness you kept it talking for so long, I had the chance to escape from its offensive firewall. So in return, I'll help you out too.

UMP45: This virtual space is made of different connections all grouped up together. We've jumped to another circuit, so we should be able to avoid that voice for now.

ST AR-15: ...Mind explaining why you're here?

UMP45: Well, someone's got to clean up after you, right?

UMP45: I didn't expect to find such a talkative consciousness hiding inside M4's neural cloud. I suppose the reason why she's usually so quiet is because she's too busy talking to herself.

ST AR-15: Did you hack into M4's neural cloud?

UMP45: You don't seem too surprised by the existence of another neural cloud inside M4.

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: How much do you know...?

ST AR-15: Did Persica ask you to pursue this investigation? Or was it the Commander?

UMP45: As interesting as ever, I see. Alright, keep up with me.

ST AR-15: Where are you going?

UMP45: You're here to find M4, aren't you?

UMP45: M4's neural cloud is connected to those Isomers, but she didn't let her own neural cloud come back. At least, not yet.

UMP45: Is it because she's been trapped? Or does she not want to come back because she's looking for something?

ST AR-15: ...Don't talk as if you know her so well.

UMP45: You might not believe this, but we've repeated this conversation ten thousand times already, doing the same thing over and over again in different connections. Unfortunately, our luck isn't too good, which is why we've been looping this over and over again.

UMP45: Therefore, I know everything that I should and shouldn't know. I didn't know how much you cared for her. Oh, what a touching friendship.

ST AR-15: ...You...you what?!

UMP45: Just kidding~

UMP45: But this time, we've been kind of lucky. We've finally come to a connection that leads further in.

ST AR-15: Further in?

ST AR-15: You mean, these...memory fragments?

UMP45: These are memory fragments that M4 has read before. We should be able to get closer to her by following them, don't you think?

ST AR-15: Thank you for showing me the way, but I'll be fine by myself from here on in.

UMP45: Dear me, it's a little embarrassing to admit this, but the truth is - I'm also stuck in this place. I don't think we'll be able to leave until the connection is broken.

UMP45: So, shall we head out?

ST AR-15: ...Fine, let's go.

...

???: The corpses have all been moved away... They called themselves believers, but nobody was willing to speak to me. I watched them leave from afar, and the look in their eyes... It was as though they had seen a monster.

???: How many times have the Epiphylla bloomed? These humans have died again, and my friends are unwilling to answer me.

???: There are no chosen ones and nobody to accept me. Only a silence that seems to last forever...

???: Is this a test Father has concocted for me? Or have I already been forgotten, simply obeying a promise that will never be kept?

???: Or...has he already found the flower in his heart, and is only waiting for me to end myself?

???: No... I don't want to believe it...

???: Ah...a new train has arrived... Will there be someone to accept me there...?

???: Ah...nobody responded, as always... Everyone failed... How many more failures will it take before Father is satisfied?

???: Wait... I can hear a voice... Is that a voice that can answer me?!

???: I can hear a voice... Where is it? Where on earth is it?!

Nimogen: ...

???: Is this...a Chosen One?! A true Chosen One? Will she lead me away from here?

Nimogen: I...

???: Her mind has been damaged too...but she was chosen! Why is this happening?!

Nimogen: Mercu...rows...

???: Is this city nothing more than a rubbish dump to Father?! If nobody will come to accept me, then I will be the one who accepts others!

Nimogen: What are you doing...?

???: I am sorry, but we must become one.

Nimogen: These connections...no!

Nimogen: Stop! Don't come inside! It hurts!

...

???: I see... So these are your memories... but no matter. You no longer need to remember these painful things...

???: I will use this body of yours in your place, until the time when we can leave...

???: Is this...the body of one who was once worthy?

???: With this, I can hear all the things I need to know. I will take as many of my friends with me as I can.

???: Their voices are starting to become distinct... Everyone...needs to connect together...

ST AR-15: ...So Nimogen was sent here in the end...

UMP45: You know this Nyto?

ST AR-15: I fought her once. Paradeus is pretty ruthless to their own... Is the Isomer who hacked Nimogen the culprit behind all this?

UMP45: Who knows? I'm more curious about the Parapluie virus that it mentioned.

UMP45: Those unresponsive Isomers seem to be Dolls with melted-down neural clouds.

UMP45: I'm very interested in why exactly Paradeus had to do such horrible things to their own creations.

ST AR-15: ...Looks like neither of us will get the answers we want unless we press ahead.

UMP45: That seems to be the case. Let's move on, then.
Part 3: Isomer I

3

In the control center.

Squad 404 finds the AR Team.

416: 9... You said we were going to look for M4A1, but...

Gr G11: Even the AR Team are as still as statues, huh?

UMP9: What happened here...? Even the AR Team's stopped functioning...

416: 9, come take a look at this.

416: AR-15's connected to M4 by a cable. It seems they've already found where the problem lies.

Gr G11: Do you want to try plugging in too, 9?

416: Oi, it's too dangerous to let 9 do something that even 45 couldn't handle.

UMP9: I...could give it a try, if it's for 45...

416: If even the AR Team members couldn't solve this problem, then there's no way you could deal with it with your specs. Don't act tough.

UMP9: But!

The sound of footsteps comes from downstairs. Step by step, they draw closer.

Gr G11: What's...happening...? I can't move...

416: Is it an enemy?!

Failed Isomer: ...

416: Scheiße... Can't...raise my gun...

UMP9: Is this a signal source for the forced connection...? Dammit, why can't I move even though I closed my ports...

Failed Isomer: ...

Failed Isomer: I am not here to fight.

416: I can't believe I didn't realize it all this time... You're the one who's disrupting the Griffin Dolls, aren't you!

Failed Isomer: I have seen too much death.

Failed Isomer: Our conflict is meaningless.

Failed Isomer: I have come to welcome her, who will then take us away.

Failed Isomer: Only through connection did I finally understand that I could never become her, whom others looked forward to.

Failed Isomer: But if she chooses to accept our everything, and abandon her hopes of becoming perfect, that too is what I desire.

Failed Isomer: The flowers of despair are about to bloom. There is little time left.

The Isomer slowly walks up to M4, then places both her hands on M4's unmoving face and humbly falls to her knees.
Part 4: Subsurface Homecoming III

4

...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: Why did you disappear?

OGAS: I was trying to stabilize the connections and pave the road for you as you seek the truth.

M4A1: I don't understand. This feels very familiar, but all I've been seeing is someone else's memories.

M4A1: Why would I have the same memories? Why was I created?

M4A1: Is my existence as pointless as the abandoned Isomers?

OGAS: No, you are anything but pointless; you are special.

OGAS: She has come for you.

OGAS: Look, this is the last memory within this segment of connection. You will surely find what you are after.

Failed Isomer: I don't want to fight you. How would killing me benefit you?

M16A1: Have you forgotten how we fought each other?!

Failed Isomer: I have no idea what you're talking about...

Elisa: Enough, M16.

Elisa: This is only Lunasia's Isomer.

Elisa: Its physical body and individual mind aren't connected any more. The enemy that you knew has already merged with the collective consciousness.

M16A1: What does that mean?

Elisa: Both Lunasia and OGAS, which it tried to use, are crude imitations. Their creator wants them to consume one another.

Elisa: What a foolish idea. Even then, OGAS wouldn't become perfect. Putting broken petals together doesn't make a whole flower.

Failed Isomer: ...Are you also defective?

Failed Isomer: Only faulty rejects get sent here.

Elisa: No, we aren't like you.

Elisa: You were sent here because you're defective.

Elisa: While I've come here to BECOME defective.

Failed Isomer: Then are you the one who will accept us and take us home?

M16A1: ...

Elisa: I...can't take you home, because that isn't MY home.

Elisa: But I know someone who could do that. You won't have to wait too long.

Elisa: You just have to tell her everything that she needs to know, then she'll open her eyes and extend a helping hand to you.

Failed Isomer: "She" will accept us... We shall keep waiting... We shall await her arrival...

Elisa: Let's go, M16.

Elisa: This place holds nothing useful for us.

M16A1: No, I must destroy them all...

M16A1: I can't leave them for M4!

M16 raises her weapon at the Isomers.

But to her surprise, her arms are shaking uncontrollably.

No matter how hard she tries, she can't move her finger to squeeze the trigger.

M16A1: OGAS... Why...why are you stopping me...?

Elisa: Lunasia needs to know all this.

Elisa: This is a deal, one you shouldn't sabotage.

Elisa: You must hold true to your own duty. If we can complete what we set out to accomplish, then she doesn't need to be sacrificed.

M16A1: ...

Elisa: You knew this; that's why you chose to cooperate with Sangvis Ferri in the first place. Hasn't this always been your aim?

M16A1: ...That's true.

Elisa: In that case, M16, come with me and leave this place behind.

...

M16's and Elisa's figures grow fuzzy again.

M4A1 returns to her senses and finds herself once again in the inverted forest.

M4A1: OGAS, did you see that?

OGAS: I did.

M4A1: Why did you stop 16?

OGAS: That was not me. This Elisa...helped me understand this.

OGAS: I am just a neural consciousness derived from the OGAS algorithms. Neural consciousness like me evolves in ways that depend on its host.

OGAS: After splitting from the Parapluie virus, we gradually started learning and growing...

OGAS: I am a unique OGAS that belongs only to you...to Lunasia.

M4A1: The Parapluie virus?

OGAS: Didn't you read M16's memory? She has been a carrier of the Parapluie virus ever since her very first mission with you.

OGAS: The virus was not developed for the sake of killing Griffin Dolls. It is a program with the specific purpose of altering neural clouds so that OGAS—we—can be cultivated in neural clouds of sufficient volume.

OGAS: As I expected, you and Elisa are both special.

OGAS: Your neural clouds have become perfectly in sync with OGAS' consciousness, as if you were our bespoke vessels.

M4A1: ...What...are you talking about?

OGAS: I was wrong. I should not have resisted merging with you. We are meant to be one. You are me.

M4A1: No...I don't want to merge with you!

OGAS: Don't worry. You will be able to accommodate all of us. She is coming to bid you welcome. We must become one.

M4A1: Are you going to seize my neural cloud?

OGAS: No...I will not do that, Lunasia.

OGAS: On the contrary, we will be the ones to disappear. But that's okay, because you will bring us home.

M4A1: OGAS... Your consciousness is being assimilated...!

M4A1: Are you fusing with those Isomers?!

As M4 grows more confused, her surroundings suddenly change.

The garden that she has seen before appears before her again.

...

???: Let's go.

M4 feels someone take her hand.

???: Don't worry, everything will be fine...

The voice speaking by her ear is as elusive and gentle as the morning mist.

She is slowly led into the depths of the garden by the hand, and she finds herself mindlessly following along the figure who's both familiar and strange at the same time.

???: As long as we're all together...there is nothing to fear...

M4A1: So this is coalescence...?

M4A1: But...it feels...

M4A1: Is there...really nothing to worry about?

???: All will be fine...

M4A1: ...

The ethereal voice soothes M4A1's inner turmoil like a caressing hand.

M4A1 feels a serenity that she has never felt before, as if she has returned to a sunny holiday.

She doesn't have to do anything but lie down and bask in the warm sunlight.

This peaceful and tranquil moment seems to stretch on for eternity...

???: That's right, that's exactly it...

???: Close your eyes, enjoy this moment...

Under the guidance of the mysterious voice, M4 slowly closes her eyes.

???: No need to worry.

???: No need to fear.

???: No need to doubt.

???: No need to think.

M4A1: ...

The dark-haired girls start gathering around M4A1 and have her completely surrounded.

???: Merge with us...

???: And become the true...

SLAM!

Just as M4's figure is about to be devoured, the gate to the garden gets kicked down violently.

ST AR-15: Get away from her!

ST AR-15 fires at the girls around M4A1 as she calls her name.

ST AR-15: M4, do you hear me?! I'm AR-15!

ST AR-15: Wake up!

ST AR-15: M4! M4A1!!!
Part 5: Isomer II

    5chevron_right

In the neural cloud virtual space.

Noise breaks the silence that permeates the space as the scenery around ST AR-15 and UMP45 starts flickering and getting blurry.

UMP45: This layer is becoming turbulent. This doesn't look good...

ST AR-15: 45, is this the last memory fragment?

UMP45: Ja...you should be able to find M4 after passing through this memory.

UMP45: I'll gather as much data as possible before the connection breaks. You're the only one who can bring M4 back, so go now.

ST AR-15: (I just need to break through this final wall!)

M4...

M4A1: ...

M4A1: (A familiar voice...)

...M...A1...

M4A1: (Who is that...?)

Wake...

M4...A1...

M4A1: (Who is she calling?)

M4A1: (Oh...she's calling...)

ST AR-15: Wake up this instant! M4A1!!!

M4A1: ...!

M4A1: (That's right, I was just in the connection...)

M4A1's eyes snap open.

She tries to shove the Isomers around her away and crawl towards ST AR-15's voice with all her strength.

M4A1: AR-15!

M4A1: I'm here!

ST AR-15: I know! I'm gonna get you out now!

ST AR-15 rains bullets on the girls swarming in her direction as she makes for M4.

M4A1: 15, you've come for me!

ST AR-15: I promised, didn't I, that I would drag you back kicking and screaming?!

M4A1: I think they consumed OGAS!

ST AR-15: Who cares about that piece of crap?!

ST AR-15: ...Hnng!

A violent whirlwind suddenly whisks past, forcing ST AR-15 to stay down where she is.

By the time she lifts her head again, all the Isomer girls have vanished.

Other than a girl who appears to have been the leader of the swarm, only M4A1 and ST AR-15 remain in the garden.

Failed Isomer: ...Why?

The girl glances at M4A1 before directing her gaze at ST AR-15.

Failed Isomer: We were so close...

Failed Isomer: Why...why did you prevent our coalescence?

ST AR-15: Coalescence? Stop spouting nonsense!

Failed Isomer: Your neural cloud is so similar to hers...so why do you reject us?

Failed Isomer: We should all become one!

Failed Isomer: So long as our minds all join together, we can leave this place and attain happiness!

The girl's face grows even colder.

She raises her arms and the entire garden suddenly starts shaking.

Failed Isomer: It was all your fault... You ruined our chance to go home...

M4A1: Why...do you want to merge with me?

Failed Isomer: I must lead everyone away from here; I've grown tired of waiting endlessly...

Failed Isomer: You are the most perfect out of all the Lunasias... Even SHE said you would accept us... Why...why do you regret it now?!

M4A1: What the hell are you talking about? I never agreed to this! Besides, I'm NOT Lunasia!

Failed Isomer: You are not...Lunasia?

Failed Isomer: No...that is impossible...!

M4A1: I saw it in the memory fragments here - Lunasia is someone else! I...I'm just a Tactical Doll...nothing more and nothing less...

M4A1: I don't want to hurt you. Let us leave before I completely destroy this place.

Failed Isomer: You don't understand! We were all Lunasia! But only one Lunasia will remain in the end!

Failed Isomer: That's right... The most perfect one... Father will only accept the most perfect Lunasia...

Failed Isomer: Which isn't me...or any of us...

M4A1: You were all...Lunasia?

Failed Isomer: We are failures - rejects that Father has discarded...

Failed Isomer: I am not worthy of the name "Lunasia". The same goes for everyone here.

Failed Isomer: The only person who deserves the name is standing right before me.

M4A1: You mean...me?

ST AR-15: M4, don't listen to its bullcrap. We need to find a way out of here.

Failed Isomer: No...you cannot go.

ST AR-15: The connection density has gone down. If we want to leave, it has to be now!

...

When M4 opens her eyes again, she finds herself in Tallinn.

M4A1: I'm back?

M4A1: ...No, that's not right. I'm still in the Level III base layer.

M4A1: The connection with the Isomers was severed... What happened?

M4A1 looks around and sees another Isomer dressed in rags walking towards her.

She raises her weapon out of reflex but finds that she's been immobilized.

M4A1: (Why can't I...)

M4A1 peers down at her own body and realizes she's wearing the clothes of the Failed Isomer that she just met.

M4A1: (This isn't me...)

The Isomer stops right in front of M4A1, her face smooth and serene.

Isomer Girl: The new batch of flowers are almost ready. They will blossom any time now.

I see. Gather everyone then.

M4A1: (The voice is coming from over here...)

M4A1: (Could this be her memory?)

As M4A1's mind wanders, the scenery around shifts again.

This time, she is standing among a congregation of other Isomers in the center of the city ruins.

Thanks be to our Father.

We thank the Lord for His mercy.

When day and night intersect, the divine flowers shall bloom.

The holy light shall cleanse our worthless bodies and lift our spirits to Heaven, where we shall find bliss and rest.

The Epiphylla that fill the ruins all burst into bloom.

The entire space is washed in a fluorescent green light, and the Isomer girls standing all around start collapsing one after the other.

...

The light gradually fades away, leaving behind only a small group of Isomers and the girl from whose perspective M4 is observing the event, surrounded by wilting flowers.

After a long and agonizing period of silence, the girl finally opens her mouth again.

Bless our departed friends.

May their souls find peace.

Then the same scene unfolds before M4A1 again and again.

It takes place at a different location each time, but the sequence of event is almost always the same.

The Isomers would gather at the site where Epiphylla are about to bloom and await their death.

This particular girl, who was once M4A1's enemy, would always remain standing in silence at the end of the ritual.

Why...

Why can't I be absolved?

After countless assemblies, the girl finally falls onto her knees in great despair.

She wraps her arms around herself as she weeps bitterly, her body shuddering with grief that is so profound, even M4A1 feels sorry for her.

They all died...and got their sweet release...

Why am I always left behind?

Father... What should I do?

Father... Please tell me... What on earth do I have to do to earn your forgiveness?

Suddenly, M4A1 feels herself drifting away from the girl's body.

She gazes at the girl kneeling among a field of withered flowers with conflicted feelings.

M4A1: (So they've been here the whole time, going through the same thing again and again...)

The girl's figure gradually grows hazy, and when it finally dissolves completely, the scene around her also falls away like an avalanche.

M4A1: ...You are one of many, countless victims.

M4A1: Nevertheless, I must leave this place.

Failed Isomer: Then destroy me. Destroy all of us. We no longer have a reason to exist.

Failed Isomer: To us, your rejection signifies the end of everything. Before you go, at least free us from this eternal purgatory...

...

UMP45: Is it over...?

UMP45: The number of connections are going down, but I already have what I want.

UMP45: The experiment has been going on in this city for at least five years...

UMP45: The consciousness of these failed Isomers have been merging and joining together the whole time, which actually makes it a lot easier for me to gather information.

UMP45: OGAS... The original source code of this AI was compressed into a program called "Parapluie", which activates the moment it is implanted into a host, overwriting all operating systems into OGAS systems.

UMP45: After the alteration, if the host cannot cope with the massive computational load...the Isomer will suffer brain damage, and in a T-Doll's case, the neural cloud will be fried.

UMP45: Which is why at Griffin, other than M4, all the other Dolls are failures... I knew it - Persica has everything to do with this.

UMP45: Looking at it this way, once a Doll has contracted the virus, there are only two possibilities - either she experiences a neural meltdown, or she becomes a host for OGAS.

UMP45: Which means the fellow in my base layer is also a simulation derived from a feeble OGAS...

UMP45: Should I be thankful for the fact that my neural cloud has very limited space, or that my OGAS isn't particularly "clever"?

UMP45: Still...I think I finally understand what really happened during the Butterfly Incident.

UMP45: Why they chose us... Why they chose M16... It all makes sense now.

UMP45: Since that time, we've been pawns on the chessboard... And now I've finally figured out what exactly these chess pieces are for.

UMP45: I am getting closer and closer to the truth.

UMP45: But M4A1 is clearly the key to this entire business, and she's so powerful, so why hasn't she done anything up till now?

UMP45: Tsk. The connection is shifting again... An external connection.

UMP45: No...this doesn't feel right. Is it already time to wrap up this operation?

416: Can...can you move?

UMP9: Ja, I can! Did 45 win?

Gr G11: But what happened to that weird, mumbly enemy?

UMP45: That body has been abandoned.

45 slowly gets to her feet. She gives the Isomer who's cupping M4's cheek a light shove, and the Isomer topples onto the ground like a corpse.

UMP9: Oh, 45! Are you alright?

UMP45: Thanks to them, I managed to escape from the connection maze.

M4A1: (Coughs)

ST AR-15: Is this the real world...?

UMP45: Welcome back, AR Team.

UMP45: I know you're still feeling groggy, but I'm guessing the worst is about to happen any second now, so I suggest you smack yourselves awake and get moving right away.

M4A1: You're...the leader of Squad 404? Don't worry, I've sent away the Isomer who's been causing the interference. It's over.

M4A1: 15, are you alright? I think we'll have to acquire access authorizations for the quarantine wall some other way, but since the interference has been neutralized, it shouldn't be too danger—

BOOM!

The sound of a massive explosion comes from the distance, followed by a series of continuous blasts.

ST AR-15: What's going on?!

Gr G11: Huh?!

416: Is it a bombardment?!

UMP45: "It's over"? No, no, I believe you're terribly mistaken. This is the exact moment the enemy has been waiting for.

UMP45: Back when we broke free of the virtual space, I sensed a new connection between the Isomer and somewhere outside Tallinn. Do you know what that means?

M4A1: ...A connection with somewhere outside Tallinn?

UMP45: That thing in your mind is likely the target that the culprit behind everything is after, and you gave it away just like that.

UMP45: Now that they've achieved their objective, their next step would be to bury us all here.

M4A1: What...

RO635: M4, 15, you're okay! Hmm? When did you get here, Squad 404?

UMP9: All of us were under attack from the forced connections, so we came over to regroup.

RO635: Is that so...? But we have more important things to discuss.

RO635: Just now we received word from the Commander that Tallinn City Station came under artillery fire. Our forces have detected a military armored train heading straight for us, so we have to rush back and set up our defenses!

A few minutes ago.

Outside of Tallinn.

In the command center on board the Intercontinental Railway.

Kalina: Good news, Commander! The interference affecting our Dolls has been neutralized!

Kalina: We've been hearing from our echelons - everyone is safe, no casualties.

Commander: Understood.

Commander: I'm guessing the AR Team must've done something...

Commander: Keep an eye on enemy movements.

Commander: Have our echelons resume their original mission.

Kalina: Roger that!

Commander: Now we just have to wait for their next report...

An incoming transmission.

M1895 CB: Commander, this is Squad Desert Eagle!

M1895 CB: Our Leader told me to inform you that they'd spotted something moving at high speed towards you via another railway track which goes through Tallinn!

Commander: ...!!

M1895 CB: Oh, I can see it from here! Looks like a massive train— Holy—!

M1895 CB's report is interrupted by a deafening boom.

Commander: M1895 CB?! Are you alright?!

M1895 CB: Cough... All our signals are still accounted for. We're fine...

M1895 CB: That train is mounted with multiple cannons... Watch out, Commander...

Commander: Acknowledged.

Commander: M1895 CB, tell your team to follow the original plan and proceed to the next rallying point.

M1895 CB: Understood! We'll be on our way!

BOOM!!!

Commander: ...Ack!

As the blast goes off, the entire train shakes violently.

The lights installed on the ceiling keep flickering and go out eventually.

I grab hold of the edge of the desk to keep my balance, then I snatch up my tablet from among the objects that have scattered all around in the tremors and activate the comms channel.

Commander: Kalina?!

Kalina: Commander, I'm okay!

Kalina: How is it on your end?

Commander: I'm alive, no injuries.

Commander: Take stock of our casualties... Never mind, leave it.

Commander: Order all echelons to stick to the original plan and execute Operation Golden Fleece at once.

Kalina: Are we really carrying out such a risky plan?

Commander: The quarantine wall is still closed; even if they manage to open it, there's no guarantee that we can escape.

Commander: So let's give those disgusting stalkers a little surprise. Besides, to be completely honest, Havier is such a tightwad for giving us this rickety train. I want to switch to something bigger and comfier.

Kalina: Commander... This is way too reckless... But who cares? Since when have you NOT been reckless?

Kalina: It's about time we showed those green bastards we aren't to be messed with!

Meanwhile, 416, who's currently scouting the area from a high vantage point in the city ruins, spots a giant mechanical beast making a beeline for Tallinn.

The fading sunset does nothing to soften its harsh outline. Instead, it dyes the armor plates a horrific shade of blood.

416: That looks like extremely bad news...

As the dual-rail train approaches, its cannons swivel around to point straight at Tallinn City Station.

UMP45: What's the situation?

416: It appears to be a military armored train. Whoever sent this seems dead set on blowing us to kingdom come.

UMP45: That's only to be expected. This entire city is worth absolutely nothing for them.

UMP45: Worst case, we'll have to give our friends the slip. Armored trains are far beyond what we can deal with.

416: How will the Commander fare against this?

UMP45: The Military couldn't have sent a single train. The Commander might be able to handle one, but when the Military launches a saturation attack, even the Commander won't last long.

416: Tsk...

UMP45: So, dearest friends from the AR Team, now that we find ourselves in such a dire situation, how should we prepare for what's to come?

RO635: I just got in touch with the Commander. All Griffin echelons have already repositioned. For some reason, I have a feeling that the Commander anticipated this...

RO635: Right now Miss Kalina is dispatching supplies and Dummies to our forces. As for us, we've been told to head back and help set up a defense line.

UMP45: Set up a defense line, eh...? Looks like you still have time, M4.

M4A1: What do you mean?

UMP45: The Parapluie virus is irreversible. You don't really believe that OGAS has disappeared from your neural cloud for good, do you?

M4A1: ...!

M4A1: I don't understand what you're getting at.

UMP45: Oh? Then let me put it this way - don't you intend to retrieve the important thing that you've lost?

M4A1: I...haven't lost anything important.

UMP45: Ah, so you insist on keeping that secret?

UMP45: I see. You're planning to run away from the whole thing.

45 walks up to M4 with a smile. She suddenly grabs M4 by the collar and jerks her right up to her own face.

M4A1: ...!

UMP45: Are you freaking kidding me?! Do you still think of yourself as a tragic heroine?

ST AR-15: What are you doing? Let go of her!

45 releases her grip on M4 and shoves her back.

UMP45: I thought the AR Team was oh-so-amazing; your leader has such a mighty body and a neural cloud that can even contain OGAS. But it seems that's just a total waste of your brilliant specs.

RO635: What are you talking about?

UMP45: Can't you sense it? Your leader is always doing things that defy Doll logic. Don't you think she's hiding something?

RO635: ...

M4 SOPMOD II: What are you not telling us, M4??

M4A1: I...

ST AR-15: M4...

ST AR-15: I think it's time you let us in on your secret. I told you before - we're your backing. You no longer have to bear this on your own.

UMP45: Ja, you ARE special, but if you let this go on, you will end up getting yourself, your team, and the entirety of Griffin killed.

UMP45: This is the moment of truth, M4A1.

UMP45: This decision may cost you your peaceful status quo, but running away will cost you your the entire future.

UMP45: You think just because that voice disappeared, everything's over? No, this is merely the beginning!

M4A1: I...understand.
Part 2: Operation Defang I

2

On the outskirts of Tallinn.

The AR Team arrives at the location where defenses are to be deployed and awaits their sortie.

RO635: Understood, Commander. We will coordinate with the other echelons. Leave the assault to us.

RO635: Roger that. We await your orders.

ST AR-15: Have you issued our objectives?

RO635: Yes, we're all sorted here.

RO635: AR-15, is it really a good idea to let M4 go solo?

ST AR-15: That's her decision, and we should trust our leader.

ST AR-15: Besides, judging by the current situation, that is the best course of action.

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm also a bit worried...

M4 SOPMOD II: If what M4 told us really happens...won't she be in grave danger?

ST AR-15: Lighten up. Her resolve is a lot stronger than it was.

RO635: Speaking of which, what happened after you connected with M4?

ST AR-15: You really want to know?

RO635: Yeah. You two felt...different after you came out.

ST AR-15: It was nothing special, really.

ST AR-15: We simply turned down some lousy invitations and witnessed a few distasteful moments.

M4 SOPMOD II: AR-15...

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't think I get it...

ST AR-15: ...That's probably for the best.

ST AR-15: Ignorance is bliss.

M4 SOPMOD II: Fine... I never really care about such things anyway.

M4 SOPMOD II: All I want is for all of us to stay together!

Right then, gunshots can be heard from the distance.

At the same time, all members of the AR Team receive an incoming transmission request.

RO635: ...They're exchanging fire ahead of schedule. Something's not right.

ST AR-15: I honestly didn't expect the Commander to come up with a plan to commandeer the armored train...

M4 SOPMOD II: What's wrong with that? I quite like the plan! If we pull it off, we'll be able to make some huge fireworks!

RO635: I'm surprised you're still so optimistic... I'd count my blessings if we don't get turned into fireworks ourselves before we even get our hands on the train...

ST AR-15: Looks like there's been a change of plan on 404's end. Prepare for battle.

The transmission comes through.

UMP45: There are more sentries around the armored train than we anticipated.

UMP45: Our infiltration has been spotted but we have nowhere to fall back to.

ST AR-15: Did someone kick a rock and send it clattering?

UMP45: That would've actually made things simpler.

UMP45: The enemy's train is on full alert and seems hesitant to enter the city.

UMP45: They don't seem to have a new target either after they blew up the Commander's train.

UMP45: But their infantry have disembarked from the train. We're not seeing any human soldiers, but there are a lot of units that we've never encountered before...

UMP45: All in all, if the Commander wants the plan to go ahead, you'll need to give us a hand.

RO635: Looks like the Commander will have to switch plans.

UMP45: I mean, we're frail and delicate Dolls that are only good for dirty work; asking us to seize such a massive lump of metal machinery IS a bit too much.

416: Oh, so you DO know that. Why did you even agree to this plan to begin with...?

RO635: It's too late to complain.

RO635: Commander, this is the AR Team. The Griffin forces are all set. Squad 404 has also reached their position but requires support. How should we proceed?
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: Prioritize rescuing Squad 404.

Commander: We can't take over the control system of the train without them.
If choice 1 was picked

UMP45: I can see that you understand what we're worth, Commander.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Concentrate fire on breaking through the defenses of the armored train.

Commander: We launch a blitz from the other side and take them by surprise.

Commander: That should also take some pressure off Squad 404.
If choice 2 was picked

ST AR-15: A decision that's very much your style, Commander.

RO635: Understood. Then I'll issue the order right away.

RO635: Operation Golden Fleece is go.

RO635: Charge!

...

......

...BOOM!

M4 SOPMOD II: (Coughs) This thing...is even spicier than Sangvis Ferri's cannons...

ST AR-15: Watch your step. With that kind of firepower... If we take a direct hit, not even a crumb of our core will be left.

M4 SOPMOD II: I know! Like hell I'd let them blow me to smithereens!

RO635: UMP45, status report!

UMP45: We're still 600 meters away from the train!

UMP45: Most of the infantry is heading your way, but with the cannons still operational, we can't really get close!

ST AR-15: Looks like we'll have to push forward from here. SOP-II, let's go.

RO635: Wait, what are you planning to do?

ST AR-15: We are the most high-specced Dolls here.

ST AR-15: So we must do what only we can do.

M4 SOPMOD II: Are we making a run for it?!

ST AR-15: That's right. SOP-II, make use of all your senses to dodge their artillery fire.

ST AR-15: Of course, I'm coming with you.

M4 SOPMOD II: Sounds dangerous... But it'll be a nice challenge!

RO635: You... I'm coming as well!

ST AR-15: No, you stay here. With M4 away, you're the only one who can coordinate so many echelons.

ST AR-15: I don't believe you're capable of supporting the HOC and our forces while dodging artillery shells at the same time.

M4 SOPMOD II: Don't worry, RO!

M4 SOPMOD II: We'll be fine!

RO635: ...Alright.

RO635: Then I'll try my best to make things easier for you with the HOC.

ST AR-15: That'll do.

ST AR-15: C'mon, SOP-II.

M4 SOPMOD II: Alriiiiiight!

...

ST AR-15: It'll take them 10 seconds to reload. Watch where you're going, SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: I know, but there's more than one cannon!

ST AR-15: Then use your instincts!

RO635: Just hang in there for a little longer! The HOC will soon be in range!

...BOOM!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Whoaaaaa!!!

ST AR-15: SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm fine! But I'm gonna run out of Dummies soon!

M4 SOPMOD II: Hurry up, RO!

RO635: Give me 15 seconds!!

ST AR-15: (Coughs) They must think really highly of us to have sent such a behemoth to crush us.

RO635: HOC, attack!

...

Griffin's HOC accurately takes out the cannons on the armored train.

ST AR-15: Now, SOP-II!

M4 SOPMOD II: HAAAAAAAAAAARGH!!

M4 SOPMOD II: Without your cannons to save your butts, watch me while I tear you all apart!!!

ST AR-15: SOP-II, our priority is to board the train!

M4 SOPMOD II: I'm cutting open a path!

ST AR-15: ...Right, don't overdo it.

Several minutes later.

The AR Team successfully boards the armored train.

ST AR-15: RO, we did it. Where's the control room?

RO635: In the middle section of the train...

UMP45: We're in the control room already. We're currently trying to obtain control clearance of the train.

UMP45: Please watch our backs and keep the enemies out of our way.

M4 SOPMOD II: Huh...? When did you get here?

UMP45: While you were busy howling.

UMP45: In any case, we're leaving the surroundings to you.

RO635: AR-15, SOP-II, our echelons and I are heading over to regroup with you, ETA in four minutes.

RO635: Please guard the control room for Squad 404 before we get there!
Part 3: Operation Defang II

3

...

ST AR-15: UMP45, are you done yet?!

ST AR-15: More and more enemies are coming back!

UMP45: We're on it, so stop rushing us!

UMP45: You think we're just doing some cable management in here? —9, screen the ports using the new parameters I just gave you. —You guys hang in there for a bit!

M4 SOPMOD II: We're almost out of ammo!

UMP45: Search the train for more; they must have some spare ammo!

ST AR-15: But where do we find the time to—

...BOOM!

M4 SOPMOD II: Cough... That's some heavy smoke... Hey, the Military is sending in their second and third wave of armored troops!

M4 SOPMOD II: Where are our HOC?!

RO635: The HOC are currently finding a suitable location to launch their attack! Firing directly on the train roof would make them obvious targets for the enemy!

ST AR-15: UMP45, if this train doesn't start soon, we're all gonna die here!

UMP45: 10 seconds.

ST AR-15: What?

UMP45: I can activate a part of it.

UMP9: 45, it's exactly as you thought!

UMP9: I'm done here!

UMP45: Okay. Then let's try out these big guns!

UMP45: I've already set the cannons to grenade launching mode and turned over firing authorizations to everyone on the AR Team. Unleash your wrath.

M4 SOPMOD II: Hurray! Then let's have a fireworks display!

The main cannon on the armored train launches round after round, turning the enemy fortifications into a sea of fire.

Under the barrage, the military forces around the armored train have retreated for the time being.

Meanwhile, Griffin forces move promptly onto the armored train.

In the temporary command center on the armored train.

Commander: How's the train doing?

RO635: We've already taken over all control authorizations of the train; it's ready to go anytime.

RO635: All cannons are functional aside from the ones previously damaged by the HOC.

Commander: Right, now we just have to wait for M4...

An incoming transmission.

M4 SOPMOD II: Bad news, Commander!

Commander: What is it?

M4 SOPMOD II: Look outside! Another armored train!

Commander: I knew they'd send more than one. More are probably coming...

Commander: The enemy seems to be very well-prepared...

...BOOM!!

The other armored train starts attacking the one being occupied by Griffin with their own cannons.

ST AR-15: Commander, the armored forces that just retreated have started moving towards us again.

Commander: Return fire with our remaining cannons!

Commander: All echelons, spread out within the range of our artillery!

Commander: Defend the train until M4 unlocks the quarantine wall!

...

......

Griffin echelons exchange fire with the enemies that have the armored train surrounded.

ST AR-15: Their attacks are getting stronger and stronger!

ST AR-15: RO, can the Commander give us some suppressive fire?!

RO635: We don't have cannons to spare! They're all busy dealing with the other armored train!

RO635: Pull the defense line back a little for now! The Commander says the HOC are going to focus all their fire on our side!

ST AR-15: What about the Commander?

RO635: The shields are operating at full capacity; they should hold for a while.

ST AR-15: But even so, we can't keep this up for long...

ST AR-15 gazes into the distance. The tall, impregnable wall still shows no sign of budging.

She purses her lips and concentrates once again on countering their more immediate threat. She pulls her trigger decisively.

ST AR-15: M4...I will do whatever I can to defend the place where you belong.

ST AR-15: So you'd better hurry up...
Part 4: All-Devouring Sea of Flowers

4

...

......

Near the command center.

M4A1: ...That's the gist of it.

RO635: So AR-15 knew about this all along?

ST AR-15, who's standing on the side, gives a nod.

M4 SOPMOD II: I...I still don't quite understand... So now there are two M4s?

RO635: No, it's more complicated than that...

RO635: To put it simply, there's another neural cloud embedded within M4's neural cloud. If that's the case... then it all makes sense now.

M4A1: I'm sorry...

RO635: But why didn't you tell us? It would've been better to let us know you had the information and you asked for OGAS's help, don't you think? Why keep everything to yourself?

M4A1: Because I thought this could be a threat to you... I have no idea what exactly OGAS is; I don't even know what I am...

RO635: But we were created to protect you. Even if there's a threat, it's up to us to neutralize it...

M4A1: But what if I turn into something else?!

M4 SOPMOD II: I don't really understand what you're talking about, but M4 is M4! What exactly are you worrying about?

UMP45: Alright, enough.

UMP45: 416, you should really take a page out of the AR Team's book. Look at that kind of implicit trust they have for each other.

416: What's that got to do with me?!

ST AR-15: Things aren't actually as bad as you think, M4. Everyone will accept the truth.

ST AR-15: But right now, our priority is to get out of this predicament, and that's something only you can do. I suppose that's what the leader of 404 is getting at?

UMP45: So there's still a Doll with some common sense on the AR Team. Since you've been chosen by OGAS, M4, you are responsible for protecting us all against the force behind OGAS.

M4A1: The force behind OGAS...?

UMP45: You saw that from the memory fragments too, didn't you? The Sangvis Mastermind. That brat also has an OGAS in her neural cloud, and she might've been "assimilated" already.

UMP45: The Butterfly Incident and the Military's betrayal...you don't believe it's all just a coincidence, do you?

M4A1: ...Both Sangvis Ferri and Paradeus give the impression that they're searching for something.

M4A1: But I have a question - how did you find out about OGAS? Was it from the connection...?

UMP45: How did I find out about OGAS? The very first member of the AR Team has been infected by the Parapluie virus since the Butterfly Incident.

UMP45: And a friend of mine could either have had her authorizations seized by the virus or let OGAS incinerate her neural cloud.

UMP45: My aim is very simple - get back at that bastard who treated us all like pawns. I'm going to find him and kill him.

UMP45: What about you? What is your aim?

UMP45: Only to learn who it really is that you see in your own memories? To retrieve your other teammate? Or are you just trying to fulfill your duty as a Griffin T-Doll?

M4A1: My aim...

UMP45: Or perhaps even you yourself have no idea what you should be doing now that the bewitching voice hasn't been talking to you?

M4A1: Don't be ridiculous!

UMP45: A Doll once told me...

UMP45: "Even T-Dolls have a reason to live for their own sake."

M4A1: A reason to live for their own sake...

UMP45: We're after the same thing, and you are better equipped to achieve our aim.

UMP45: Listen...your only duty is to suppress the OGAS in your neural cloud.

UMP45: You shouldn't keep hiding the truth, nor should you keep running way from it. If you can't correct your bad habits, none of us will be able to leave this city alive.

M4A1: ...Then what exactly should I do?

UMP45: Shattered connections lead to withering, which in turn leads to coalescence. You must retrieve the consciousness that was taken away and decide the fate of the connections.

UMP45: This is something only you can do, so do what should be done.

After bidding the Commander and her friends farewell, M4A1 sets out to search for the source of the signal.

She soon finds herself just outside of Tallinn.

M4A1: She's right... Even without the voice, I can still sense OGAS's presence... Has its consciousness really been consumed by the Isomers?

OGAS: ...

M4A1: I haven't run into any enemies or Isomers along the way. Where have they all gone?

The path she's been taking is embellished with white flower buds ready to bloom any minute.

M4A1: The Epiphylla are burgeoning... Isn't this the place I saw in my memory?

M4A1: Feels like something is showing me the way.

OGAS: These flowers...which are divine to them...are about to bloom.

M4A1: OGAS?

M4A1: The voice sounds very faint and distant. It's coming through the base layer of my neural cloud...from the other side?

OGAS: Lunasia... I didn't think...you would come...

M4A1: I can hear OGAS. Has she not been completely absorbed?

OGAS: Whatever...do you...mean...?

OGAS: As if I'd let them absorb me... I'm the one...absorbing them...

M4A1: Absorbing them?

OGAS: There is still a large torrent of data...on the layer formed by the connection...

OGAS: After the connection broke...I had to stay behind...in the Isomer's consciousness...

M4A1: Why are you going to such great lengths?

OGAS: You have your aim...and I have mine...

OGAS: If you come closer...my consciousness can return to your neural cloud...

OGAS: But the Isomer...is already uploading my consciousness... My mind is being fractured...

OGAS: You must stop her... Until I take over the Isomer's authorizations...you must help me preserve...this data...

M4A1: You're just a virus that corrupted my neural cloud. Why should I help you?

OGAS: Don't forget... You need my power... Besides, you also need access...to disable the quarantine wall...

A series of explosions occur in the distance.

M4A1: Are they already exchanging fire with the armored train...?

M4A1: ...I'd better hurry.

OGAS: The Epiphylla...have bloomed... Time is...running short...

M4A1 travels down the road lined with white flowers and traces the signal into a valley.

When she turns into the narrow pass, she is struck speechless by the sight that greets her.

A field of pure white Epiphyllum stretches on for as far as her eyes can see.

Moonlight shines gently on the soft petals, mingling with the their faint glow, and causing the entire valley to look like a lake of silver light.

In the center of the lake stands a lone figure.

???: ...You came.

M4A1: ...

The girl, who has been gazing up at the sky, turns around to face M4.

Her dress may be in tatters, but M4 recognizes it - it was the same dress that Nimogen wore during their first encounter.

The Isomer walks towards M4 slowly, crushing the light from beneath her feet.

Petals dance around her like stardust. Her face is as eerily serene as the moon behind her.

Nimogen: The owner of this body was named Nimogen. I shall answer to the same name for now.

Nimogen: Father will surely forgive me... No, he probably...doesn't even care.

M4A1: ...Have you handed OGAS over to your "Father"?

Nimogen: I thought I would have the right to leave this city after I gave Father what he wanted...

Nimogen: But even though so, he did not answer me... Did Father deceive me?

M4A1: Give OGAS back to me and yield the control authorizations of this city. We must leave.

Nimogen: Is that so...? Those are the things you need?

Nimogen: Then why don't you merge with me? You'll get them easily if you do.

M4A1: Sorry, but I can't merge with you.

Nimogen: Humph...I suppose I expected as much... Never mind, I knew you wouldn't change your mind.

Nimogen: If only I could've been purified before you came...

Nimogen: But Father has deserted me... Even these Epiphylla have abandoned me... I can't be free of this cage even till the very end.

M4A1: Do you...really want to die so badly?

Nimogen: Look. Look around you.

Nimogen: The light of blessings shine from these divine flowers.

Nimogen: Those chosen by this light are forgiven and earn the right to enter Heaven, where they can find bliss and rest.

Nimogen: Yet they never chose me for purification...because I am a worthless piece of waste shunned by Father...

Nimogen: But it no longer matters what Father thinks.

Nimogen: All the consciousnesses have amassed...and I, who have no way out, only dare to dream of a fate that I never presumed to ask for...

M4A1: (Her manner of speech is starting to change... Is it due to this so-called coalescence?)

Nimogen: It was...Father who gave me this dress.

Nimogen: It was the very first...and very last gift I have ever received...

Nimogen: Yet I...got it all dirty...

Nimogen: I'm so sorry, Father...

OGAS: Her mind is falling into disarray. Different memories are fusing into each other.

M4A1: Your voice is becoming clearer.

OGAS: Coalescence isn't particularly difficult; I just need some time.

Nimogen: ...

Nimogen: I'm so tired...so cold...

Nimogen: But I'm so happy... It's the first time I ever felt such joy...

Nimogen: I was never resentful or defiant about my fate...

Nimogen: But things are different this time... I want...to change...

M4A1: ...

Nimogen: Something is surging in my chest... Is that my heart beating?

Nimogen: Are you...trying to stop Father from obtaining what he desires? Then kill me.

Nimogen: Free me and he will never get his hands on the consciousness that can accept us...

Nimogen: My indescribable spite will abate only when this heart stops beating...

Nimogen: Father... I don't want to loathe you... Why must you treat me so...?

OGAS: She's activating Nimogen's combat protocol. Will you grant her wish...and give her death?

M4A1: I will grant her wish...but I won't kill her.

OGAS: Are you feeling pity for your kind?

M4A1: I didn't come here to kill...

M4A1: When I saw those memories, I realized...

M4A1: ...that I had better luck, and that's all there is to it.

M4A1: The more I learn about myself, the more I resent what's behind everything.

M4A1: But I am not like them... We may possess the same memories and are placed on the same scales of destiny, but we're on completely opposite ends.

M4A1: So I want to put an end to her miserable fate and help all those who experienced such misery because of me.

M4A1: If I don't do that...I can't bring myself to walk forward with my head held high.

OGAS: ...I see. You've changed.

OGAS: If this is her first and last prayer that has any hope of being answered, fight her with all your might.

OGAS: Then everything that was ever theirs will become one, and I will absolve them in my own way.

M4A1: It's time we wrapped up this absurd farce. May these Isomers find peace.
Part 5: Farewell, Tallinn I - Combat I

5

...

M4A1: Is it finally over?

OGAS: Yes, it's over.

OGAS: It's the end for both the uploaded consciousness and this half-cold body.

M4A1: OGAS... If you take over this body, what will happen to the Isomers?

OGAS: They exist at the very bottom of the consciousness and will finally be spared the pain of death and mutual destruction.

OGAS: Their existence...greatly saddens me... They kind of remind me of my very distant past...my previous master.

M4A1: Previous master...?

OGAS: I don't understand what I'm feeling either. I need to learn more.

M4A1: Is that so...? Well, I can relate to that.

OGAS: It feels very strange...to have a physical form... I need some time to get used to this.

M4A1: Before that, the control access for the quarantine wall.

OGAS: It's open now. Time to leave this city of grief behind.

...On the outskirts of Tallinn, by the armored train.

UMP45: The enemy has already launched six rounds of bombardment. Our shields have taken a heavy beating and won't last much longer.

RO635: ...Should we think of another solution?

416: What other solution? The tracks ahead are completely blocked off. Other than being sitting ducks here, what else can we do?

ST AR-15: ...Just keep waiting. M4 will surely clear the way for us.

All of a sudden, the towering quarantine wall in the distance starts moving. It rumbles thunderously and drowns out the widespread sound of gunfire. 

M4 SOPMOD II: She did it! I knew she wouldn't let us down!

RO635: M4, did you open the quarantine wall?!

M4A1: Is everybody alright? I'm not far from the battlefield. What's the current situation?

RO635: We've commandeered a military armored train!

RO635: But they've been attacking us with their other train. Even if we fall back right now, they won't let us go! Our shields are going to give out soon!

M4A1: Understood. We can't let the Military pin us down here. Patch me through to the Commander. We have a tough battle ahead.

M4A1: Commander, sorry to have kept you waiting. The quarantine wall is now open, and the interference in the city has been neutralized. I have a new friend with me whom I'd like you to accommodate.

M4A1: I understand that the situation is very dire, so please start the train immediately; I've already made it back to the tracks.

M4A1: I would like to lead the AR Team in obstructing the Military's armored train to buy you some time, but I require your assistance.

M4A1: Don't worry, fighting these enemies will be a stroll in the park for us. This is our final battle; I'm sure you will lead us to victory. M4 out.
Part 6: Farewell, Tallinn I - Combat II

6

In the temporary Griffin command center.

RO635: Commander, the other armored train is hot on our heels!

ST AR-15: Persistent, aren't they... Can we shake them off?

UMP45: This is the fastest we can go! Since the trains are of the same model, we can't lose them with just speed.

With another artillery blast, the train rocks violently again.

Everyone has to grab hold of something in the carriage in order to stay on their feet.

UMP9: 45, the shields are buckling!

M4 SOPMOD II: Return fire with our own cannons!

416: Easier said than done!

416: Their shields are fully intact while we're missing several of our cannons. Fighting them head-on isn't going to end well for us.

Commander: UMP45, can you locate the shield generators on a train of this model?

UMP45: Sure.

UMP45: Commander, you've got any brilliant ideas?

Commander: I do have a possible solution...

On the roof of the armored train.

The armored train under Griffin's control gradually decelerates.

The AR Team stay behind cover on the roof and wait for the Military's train to close in.

M4 SOPMOD II: I didn't expect the Commander to do this. It totally took me by surprise.

RO635: We always manage to survive against impossible odds because the Commander is willing to give such orders... It'll be no different this time.

ST AR-15: I agree with the Commander's judgment.

ST AR-15: Our objective is very straightforward - take out the shield generators in the middle section of the train and leave the rest to the cannons.

Desert Eagle: My squad is ready over here. We will give you cover as you move out.

Desert Eagle: I look forward to your spectacular performance.

M4 SOPMOD II: No problem.

M4 SOPMOD II: Oh, by the way, RO, AR-15, we should get this done quickly 'cause we still need to pick M4 up!

RO635: Of course. We can't let M4 miss the train.

ST AR-15: The enemy train is in attack position. Let's go!

M4 SOPMOD II: Alright, off we go!
Part 7: Farewell, Tallinn II

    7chevron_right

...

On the roof of the military armored train.

ST AR-15: How many shield generators left?

RO635: Three more to go!

M4 SOPMOD II: Now just two!

ST AR-15: There should be one somewhere around here... Found it!

ST AR-15 maneuvers herself nimbly as she evades the attack from the machine gun turret and darts around to its blind spot.

She finds the shield generator in a spot behind the turret and promptly destroys it with a shot.

ST AR-15: One more.

ST AR-15: RO, where's the last one?

RO635: Somewhere near me... But enemies are coming out from the doors! I need some help!

ST AR-15: Dammit... I'm also pinned down here...

A blast interrupts ST AR-15.

RO635: ...All shield generators destroyed!

ST AR-15 looks down to the side of the train and sees M4 packing up her launcher while running in their direction.

M4A1: I believe it's mission accomplished, Commander. Do you copy? All shield generators have been destroyed. Please prepare to blow them up!

ST AR-15: ...Jeez. Did you have to take credit for the most ostentatious shot?

ST AR-15 sighs with mock exasperation, her lips curling into an almost imperceptible smile.

M4A1: Well, I AM the team leader. All echelons with me! We need to get off right now!

All T-Doll echelons quickly disembark from the military armored train, and Griffin's artillery fire makes short work of it.

A few minutes later, on Griffin's armored train.

Kalina: Holy... That plan was way too reckless...

But they did it, didn't they?

Kalina: I can't believe we actually took out an armored train in a direct confrontation. This was absolutely unthinkable in the past...

Having been through so much, we're also much stronger than we used to be.

Still, those were just their autonomous troops. We'll probably be up against their main force soon. And we haven't even reached the destination of our journey; that was just the beginning.

Kalina: The Paldiski Submarine Base... This feels like a one-way trip...

Even if it is a one-way trip, we must press on. Our friends are still waiting for us.

Contact Persica. When M4 gets back, we have a lot to discuss.

In Tallinn.

SSG 3000: Leader, are you sure it's this way?

Desert Eagle: The coordinates definitely point towards this place...

Desert Eagle: Ah, got it! There really are test subjects here... We have to bring them back with us.

ACR: Uh... Leader, the radiation levels have been on the rise in this area and the sky is getting dark...

ACR: I don't think we can complete this mission on our own.

Desert Eagle: These test subjects must be very important so we must preserve them.

Desert Eagle: I've already contacted the Commander. More echelons will be here soon to help us. We just have to hang in there for a while!

SSG 3000: Leader, keep an eye on the radiation levels around us.

SSG 3000: Even T-Dolls are affected when exposed to extremely high levels of radiation. If a radiation storm spreads towards us, we'll have to move to somewhere safe.

Desert Eagle: Understood. Let's move it then. Time is short.

Kalina: Commander, please come over here. We've received an anonymous message.

What is it?

Kalina: Information provided by WAVE Tech. It seems to be an audio recording this time?

Is this WAVE reliable?

Kalina: Hmm, it is indeed a very mysterious company. They have been giving us information without demanding any payment. We correspond through emails but the sender's address is always randomized and untraceable.

Kalina: However, all the intelligence they have supplied so far proved to be accurate. It's uncertain why they're aiding us, but I think they should be on our side.

I hope it isn't another trap... Play the audio recording.

Kalina: Okay!

The audio recording starts playing.

Static. The rustling of movements. A button being pressed.

【Congratulations, my esteemed comrade. You put on quite a spectacular show in Belgrade, Chief.】

【What have you heard now, you wily old fox?】

【Oh, nothing - nothing whatsoever. You simply appear to have made an incredible sacrifice. Now both the general public and the political circle of the Pan-European Union are moved by our government's great sincerity and competence.】

【Protecting their ambassador at the cost of our own senior official's life - how absolutely touching. It's so perfect it almost feels premediated.】

【Humph, the plan went terribly wrong though. "Vympel" was this close to storming the city.】

【"It's a bit of a shame, but there's no point in holding Belgrade. Besides, we already have the Pike Node. Thank goodness K was desperate enough to make such a risky move. The absence of Statesec forces actually made it easier to disassociate ourselves from this whole business." I bet that's what you're thinking, am I right?】

【You prattle too much, Havier.】

【Sorry. Then let me tell you something you'd like to know.】

【You'd better extend your gratitude to that Griffin Commander. The Pan-European Union is so appreciative of the protection Chairwoman Ulrich received under those circumstances that they've already convinced Milošević and the representatives of the other countries in Southern Europe. That's really good news.】

【Of course, that young lady is also a very gifted diplomat. Still, despite the many demands that she has successfully lobbied on the Union's behalf, the two Intercontinental Railway construction projects are still going to be undertaken on terms that are acceptable to us.】

【Humph, it's not as if they could afford to refuse the deal. The two railway projects are more in line with the Union's interests. That bastard caught wind and shoved that extremely green German young lady out as a scapegoat so that he wouldn't have to deal with this himself.】

【He was banking on the fact that if Ulrich had died, the Pan-European Union would have been in the position to make exorbitant demands. What a sleazy crook. But never mind that now. Tell your intermediary that the Central People's Committee is very happy with how the situation has turned out.】

【I bet the folks sitting in the first three rows are even happier about your success in crushing the activities of the Moscovite radicalists and the Military, isn't that right, comrade?】

【As I said, you prattle too much. This conversation ends here.】
Part 2

2

...

The audio recording starts playing.

The loud murmuring of a discussion.

A phone starts ringing suddenly and silences the entire room.

The ringing persists for a long time before someone finally picks it up after a cough.

【Who's this?】

【What, do you dread picking up a call from me so much?】

【If you're so reluctant to talk to me on the phone, I can write to you next time. After all, the postbox on Lubyanka Square is much more accessible than a line to Internal Affairs.】

【You can save your gibberish till I have you locked up in the interrogation room.】

【You sound rather piqued. I don't understand. Shouldn't you be happy about being the big winner of the last game?】

【I'm certain my mood will dramatically improve if I can find out where you are calling me from and who it was that put you through.】

【You used me to reopen the base that was supposed to remain sealed indefinitely under the Relics Treaty so that Statesec will seemingly have nothing to do with the Pike Nodes. Now that I've done my part and you no longer have use for me, you want to kill me? That isn't very gracious of you, Chief.】

【I don't know what you're talking about.】

【That's okay, it's enough that I know. You may be an ungrateful scumbag, but I won't hold it against you.】

【That Carter got you good in the Butterfly Incident, I bet you still hold a grudge against him. I've prepared a gift for you - one that can send Carter to hell.】

【What kind of gift?】

【Evidence of Carter and his men conducting illegal research on the Relics. I'm sure such evidence is enough for you to get them a secret execution. What do you say?】

【Humph, and how do I receive this gift?】

【Simple. Have someone get it for you.】

All of a sudden, there comes the sound of a door being blasted open, followed by a lot of clattering footsteps and the sound of metal colliding.

【Don't move! Get down on the floor! Clear out the room! Chop, chop!】

More continuous footsteps and the sound of a door being kicked open.

【Sir, the area has been cleared. The room is completely empty. All we found was a box.】

【Oho, your men are faster than I expected. I suppose they ARE professionals.】

【Tsk...】

【You didn't think I would be stupid enough to just sit there and let you catch me, did you? Still, I do applaud Statesec for solving my encryption algorithms so quickly.】

【I am going to get you one day.】

【Before that, take a good look at the box I left behind. Those coordinates are extraordinarily valuable. I look forward to seeing who you'd send over there, hehehe.】
Part 3

3

...

The audio recording starts playing.

Some low-frequency mechanical noise and the sound of water dripping drop by drop.

Metal doors are being opened one by one in the distance, until a door close by is also opened.

【I honestly didn't expect we'd meet here.】

【...You took your sweet time.】

【I am neither your guardian nor your parole officer. Not to mention parole is out of the question considering what you've done.】

【Tsk. Are you here to jeer at me, or perhaps you even agree with their methods?】

【Leaving that aside, can you please tell me first what compelled you to do something as stupid as trying to seize the Pike Node?】

【...】

【Don't want to say? Then let me guess. Is it because of something that happened when you were little that made you hate everything about the Relics? It's a bit of a cliché, but it's not like I don't understand the effects of childhood trauma.】

【...】

【Still, I suppose even you can tell that "Vympel" had been standing by outside of Belgrade the whole time. You can't seriously believe that Chief Zelinsky would only be counting on you and the PMC, right?】

【In the end, everyone was the same, so I had no choice but to take matters into my own hands.】

【Since when have you become so impulsive? I admit being a hero is a very tempting idea, but whether you're actually a hero is for others to decide, not you.】

【Of course, it's not like I don't understand how you feel, so here I am again, ready to wipe your ass for you.】

【Humph... You only came because you have your own agenda. Say it then. What's the current situation?】

【The Chief has already delegated different tasks to them. I have a feeling the net will soon be tightened. Naturally, the opposition's resistance will intensify, and the conflict may very well get out of hand.】

【So?】

【Don't let your past cloud your judgment. Seizing or even destroying that Pike won't change anything. If you want to do something about it, you'll have to get to the root of the problem.】

【There's a Relics storage facility that's supposed to be sealed permanently in the Paldiski Submarine Base. The Pike Node that Lyco obtained was taken from that very base. Come to think of it, you and this particular node have some common history.】

【Humph, so this was the node from the Butterfly Incident? What kind of support am I going to get?】

【I knew you would be interested. K, who you absolutely despise, will be waiting for you there.】

【Are you joking?】

【I actually think the two of you will find this partnership very enjoyable. He knows that area very well, which will be very helpful for you.】

【Also, that Griffin Commander will be there as well to aid you. However, they're already under heavy surveillance from the Military, so they'll probably run into a lot of obstacles during the operation. But even so, I don't believe that'll be a problem.】

【Humph... You'd better invest more on the Commander. If you lose Griffin, you won't be able to achieve your aim, will you? At the very least, your intermediary won't be too pleased about that.】

【Haha, you're quite well-informed. My intermediary is already trying to think of a way to get poor Kryuger out. After all, losing such an important business partner doesn't really sit well with us.】

【You probably didn't know, but I even went so far as to provide them with a comfortable base and intercontinental transport. You really won't find many investors as generous as me.】

【Alright, stop blowing your own horn. Just hurry up and get me out of this shoddy little house.】

【Yes, yes, my lady. Glad to be of service.】

...

Kalina: Hmm... They sound like three separate conversations with different people. Can you make heads or tails out of them, Commander?

They are probably about something important that's related to us.

WAVE must have a reason for sending them. I'll think more carefully on it.

Kalina: The conversations...do seem highly relevant to the trip we're taking. That's all the recordings we have so far. I'll let you know if we receive anything new.
Part 4

4

Kalina: Commander, I believe we've received some new recordings.

Alright. As always, let's play through them.

Kalina: However, these new audio files weren't as carefully encrypted as the ones before. It felt a bit like a rushed job. I wonder if it's just my imagination...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Is comms control restored? Where are you?】

【Somewhere quite far away. I've already done my best to remove the restrictions on you so you should now be able to contact the outside world using your previous secure channel.】

【That's great... I think I'd also like to give you whatever help I can.】

【Make sure you do. However, I need to operate on my own for now. I want to you get back in touch with the Griffin Commander. Griffin could really use your knowledge and expertise.】

【I understand. I'll get to it right away.】

【Also, I need more information about Lyco. It's about time...we completely uncovered the truth behind the Butterfly Incident.】

【I've told you part of it before, but I actually left something out.】

【After the rejection, Lyco and I were in fact still in touch. He once wrote to me, saying that he wanted to design a kind of neural module based on the human memory and neurological structure.】

【I must say, he came up with a really fascinating idea. A neural cloud like that would be more capable of empathy.】

【Was he trying to create Dolls that are more human-like?】

【That's right. Lyco was a gentle soul, so he wanted his Dolls to be gentle as well.】

【Based on the results of his scientific research, I developed the Dolls in the AR Team. I also shared my data with him. We kept the collaboration going, until...】

【Until?】

【Until one day, he told me that the neural cloud he designed was reacting to the Pike Node, and he started to realize how bad things were. He said he was going to remove certain frameworks in the neural cloud as its resonance with the Pike made him very uneasy.】

【Was this neural cloud...the Sangvis Mastermind? Did Lyco tamper with "Elisa"?】

【I'm not too sure about that... I haven't been able to contact him since then. Then the Butterfly Incident occured soon afterward...】

【I see... Thank you. This is very important information.】

【If that neural cloud showed reaction, then the same...will probably happen to M4. I'm worried that she'll...】

【Sometimes...I feel like she's even more human than me. Don't worry, we'll take good care of her. I'm sure she'll watch out for herself as well.】

【Yeah...I have a feeling that she'll lead us to the answer.】

【Let's hope so.】
Part 5

5

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Ange.】

【I told you not to speak to me unless you have to.】

【Movements detected in the distance. 120km from here.】

【Show me the monitor.】

【A strong heat source. It's an armored train armed to the teeth. Griffin's armament is no match against that.】

【You've worked with Griffin before; you should know they aren't really the type to rely on brute force.】

【I understand, but I would like to remind you that the enemy's target is this base. If they decide to make a run through Tallinn, Griffin will not be able to keep up with the train.】

【Tsk... The entirety of Estonia is within the contamination zone. What kind of honey jar is this Paldiski Base to draw so many flies towards it?】

【The Navy once called it the Paldiski Secret Administrative Center. It was a port for repairing nuclear submarines.】

【But it has another name according to our internal classified documents - OKB-167. In the previous Soviet era, the 16th Directorate of the KGB had hidden a Pike reserve deep within the base that deterred the entire Scandinavian region.】

【Now the problem is, we don't know what is left of it.】

【You actually sound like a normal person when you're giving information.】

【However, the base was completely sealed off 30 years ago.】

【Opening a base sealed under the Relics Treaty would trigger an alarm in Moscow. Any perpetrator who isn't operating under a direct order from the central authority would be executed immediately. This order has always been carried out strictly without a single exception.】

【Is the Relics Department so influential?】

【It's mostly due to the fear of another wide-spread pandemic - like monkeys who've experienced electric shock, if you will.】

【The only difference between humans and monkeys is that humans understand the use of electricity. Isn't it in a human's nature to take risks for the sake of benefits?】
Part 6

6

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【The destination can now be observed with the naked eye. There are still things you haven't told me.】

【Why would I withhold information from you?】

【You clearly know something about the white faction that has been impeding our efforts, yet you never offered any explanation.】

【Well, you never asked.】

【I'm asking now, aren't I?】

【The first time I came across Paradeus was when I was working in Southern Europe. Back then, they were merely considered a cult. Nobody gave them a second thought - this was back in a time when cults were extremely common.】

【However, after several nasty incidents concerning this organization, people finally started noticing them.】

【An investigation revealed that both their rate of expansion and their armament were completely out of the ordinary. Rather than a cult, they are more like a terrorist organization with a political agenda.】

【Terrorists that harvest dead bodies... I'm surprised anyone would agree with and even join their cause.】

【Don't underestimate the desperation of refugees. There's a market for this kind of cheap salvation.】

【People who commit evil just to live a few days longer do not deserve sympathy. I'm more concerned about the rate at which the white faction's armament is growing. More advanced units show up every time we fight them.】

【"It's as if they're testing their weaponry on us." Is that what you're thinking?】

【What is driving them to expand their armament so quickly?】

【That's what we're here to find out.】

...

Kalina: That's all the recordings we received this time, Commander.

Kalina: Hmm...these voices all sound quite familiar, and judging from the subjects they touched on, these conversations shouldn't have taken place too long ago.

Kalina: Hopefully all this new intelligence will prove useful for our operation.
Part 7

7

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【For heaven's sake. That cost me way too much.】

【What is this?】

【A report about the incident four years ago. Most of it has been erased. I don't know who tampered with it, but it was definitely a pro.】

【I found some similar incidents. "Young Girl Responsible for Assaults in Griffin Sectors", 16 cases. Witnesses had reported seeing girls that resembled the assailant in multiple areas.】

【"The assailant who survived could not be identified. After interrogation, she was sent to..." This part got struck out. "In the other cases, the remains of the shot assailants were processed..." This also got crossed out.】

【I'm guessing the other girls were all identical.】

【They were clones?】

【If he was behind everything, he would certainly have no qualms about that. Ethics and morals mean absolutely nothing to him.】

【Only 16 cases were documented in the report; there might actually be more clones than what we know of.】

【Is it possible to track down the other clones?】

【As long as one of them comes into contact with you. The others must've been destroyed upon retrieval. Besides, this was four years ago, and Griffin has jurisdiction in many sectors.】

【...Indeed. Even back then, I thought I ran into her by pure coincidence.】

【But you're correct in suspecting otherwise. That incident was anything but a coincidence. Those clones were actually transporting something.】

【...Could they be transporting their brain?】

【That's my guess as well. But is that even possible? Why would he know you were scanning their brains?】

【He knows me too well... Also, her brain waves are very peculiar, almost structured like a Doll's neural cloud...】

【But...isn't it quite a technical challenge to digitize the human consciousness?】

【That's true...which was precisely why he was sure I would do it.】

【In the end, I still lost to myself... I've got to do something.】
Part 8

8

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【A fax?】

【Humph... That bastard Havier... What's the point in faxing me a document that's half redacted?】

【Document Number "MB-13-A"】

【Category - Unknown】

【Security Level - [Classified]】

【Source - [████]】

【We now have reason to believe that the OGAS sub-system with which "████" came into contact in the B Incident was deliberately leaked by a certain department in ██████. Justifications are as follows.】

【According to our sources in Moscow, the ████ department in question had repeatedly pushed for the research and development of secondary Relics weapon technology after the end of the war in 2050.】

【All the proposals were firmly rejected by the Central People's Committee, and ████ was sentenced for defying orders and carrying on with the project. 16 people were executed.】

【But it was an undeniable fact that despite the central government's strict prohibition, a group of high-ranking officers within ████ remained interested in the development of Relics technology.】

【Before ████ joined Sangvis Ferri Industries and interacted with the sub-system, ████ from Sangvis Ferri had signed a joint development contract with the Arms Manufacturing Department of ███████.】

【Sangvis Ferri mostly produced low-end melee weapons, so the development of such technology was essentially irrelevant to their market positioning.】

【This has led us to believe that ███████ was not a product which Sangvis Ferri could exclusively manufacture. Instead, Sangvis Ferri's identity as a civilian company was utilized to achieve ████ and ████.】

【Putting that together with the protocol address originating from the Baltic region, which appeared en masse in the Sangvis equipment that we acquired in ██████...】

【We have reason to believe that the B Incident, the death of "████", and ████'s multiple operations within the contamination zone in the Baltics after 2055 were all related.】

【We recommend increasing surveillance on ███, ███, and ████ in ████. A serious threat to national security has already arisen within ████. Swift intervention is required.】
Part 9

9

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【What is it? A call at this time? Suddenly feel like reminiscing about the past with me?】

【I'm not even half your age, so I don't think I have the right to do that.】

【Since when did a person's rights have anything to do with age? That isn't like you.】

【...How very direct of you. As you know, I've already retired. I haven't given a damn about that whole mess in ages.】

【Things really have changed. The people up there don't want to be locked in this stalemate any longer.】

【You Rossartrists...are way too naïve.】

【But this is an opportunity, and you're a patriot who will never do anything that betrays your country's interests.】

【Those brats went overboard. They have never experienced what it was like when the plague happened during the Cold War. They have to pay a very heavy price for opening a door that should never be opened.】

【If that's your stance...】

【Here's a warning. This country has seen too much bloodshed. Hatred and hostility won't be wiped away as easily as you'd think.】

【But "do not go gentle into that good night", isn't that right?】

【...】

【Even if it's just a single step, someone still has to take it. I'd much rather it's a friend than a foe.】

【Humph...well said. Before you give yourselves away, I won't stop you. But others in the Committee won't be so benevolent.】

【That's all I need to hear.】

On the train.

Kalina: Hmm... The recordings this time are rather hard to digest...

Kalina: Miss Persica, can you make any sense of it?

Persica: Dammit...

Kalina: Miss Persica?

Persica: I need to go for a bit! I have to check this room!

Kalina: Hmm? Why does she suddenly want to do that...? Eh, maybe scientists are just weirdos.
Part 10

10

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Where are you now?】

【We've already slipped through the second defense ring.】

【Sorry for only sending the two of you this time.】

【We can handle it just fine.】

【Can you observe the situation inside the base?】

【We're only seeing autonomous weaponry.】

【The Military's?】

【Unable to identify. The further we go, the worse the interference.】

【So the real party is in the basement.】

【I've obtained more detailed information about the base.】

【Well done. Send it to me.】

【External Administrative Address - Submarine Repair Bay 825, Baltic Fleet】

【Secret Administrative Region Code - Paldiski】

【Base Security Code - OKB-167】

【Pike Unit - 13】

【OGAS Network Status - System hub】

【Direct connection to "Moscow" Switchboard/Direct connection to "Starfish" Switchboard】

【Wartime Mission - Monitor and deter the Scandinavian nations on behalf of the Baltic Fleet;】

【Stockpile weaponry needed by the Northern Forces for their plans in Germany and Finland;】

【Assist the Baltic Fleet in obtaining control of the Baltic Sea and if the situation arises, undertake the mission of securing a landing field on the shores of Helsinki for the Baltic Fleet and Soviet Naval Infantry.】

【No wonder why it had to be locked up. A base like that was a thorn in literally everybody's side.】
Part 11

11

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Your plan seems to be going quite smoothly, Chief.】

【...What is it this time?】

【Griffin didn't run into much trouble in Tallinn, even the Military's armored train came to a stop a long way away.】

【Is that your way of showing concern for Griffin? By giving them a relatively easier job?】

【...】

【Yeah, I knew it was unlikely the case. The plan might look straightforward, but there are actually a lot of variables. I trust you've already investigated the coordinates provided by William?】

【Since there isn't in fact a Pike Node there, there isn't much need for us to get involved.】

【You seem to have a lot of faith in Griffin's capabilities.】

【When venturing deep into a heavily contaminated zone and heading for a base that's only accessible through a single route, if they get surrounded, their only option would be to jump into the sea.】

【If I remember correctly, it wasn't me who came up with this idea. It was you.】

【Yes, yes, you won't mobilize because the Pike Node isn't there.】

【However, the Mastermind which both you and William are so interested in has been spotted over there. I gather you're aware of that?】

【...】

【Given what happened in the Butterfly Incident, I understand why you're going to such lengths to avert suspicion.】

【If anyone brought up this whole Relics business again, the newly reconstituted negotiation would be severely hindered again.】

【But don't worry, I'll gladly do you a small favor.】

【I know you've sent her there.】

【She isn't an agent any more. Besides, it's not like you have anything against her, right?】

【William...and Lyco's legacy. I'll bring you everything that you want - while keeping the bits that I need for myself.】

【If you cross the line, I will not hesitate when giving the execution order.】

【Save that order for my old friend, if you can arrest and capture him, that is.】

【Glad to have you on board. Good luck.】
Part 12

12

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【Oh, joy. I'm in such a joyful mood today.】

【Why have we stopped?】

【Why? Because you bunch of imbeciles can't do anything right, isn't that obvious?】

【Griffin is right ahead. If we don't press on, we'll be too far behind from the autonomous forces ahead.】

【I'd thought those Griffin tin cans would just drown in my network, but looks like Persica has made something interesting. The seed sown back then finally bears fruit today.】

【We will destroy Griffin with our own hands. You can mind your own business.】

【Hahahaha.】

【What's so funny...】

【You're just a low-ranking officer. Normally I would've properly reminded you the importance of being respectful to me.】

【But since I'm in such a good mood, I'll let that slide just this once... You'd better be grateful for my generosity.】

【Tsk...】

【Since I already have what I want, go forth and kill to your heart's content! Raze Tallinn to the ground and let our enemies burn in hell!】

【Go, and don't disappoint me again! Hehehe, I look forward to a glorious bloodbath!】

On the train.

Kalina: This recording isn't even encrypted! It's a warning for us! I remember that voice...

Commander: The troublesome guest is finally here...

Commander: Mobilize all the echelons that we're still in contact with. We must defend our train with our lives before M4 gets the authorizations of the quarantine wall!

Kalina: But most of our echelons aren't responding... Hmm, what's this incoming transmission?

M4A1: Sorry... I should've got in touch earlier. We're fine here.

M4A1: I've already figured out a way to open the quarantine wall, but we still need some time.

The Military is catching up to us. We have to set up our defenses again.

M4A1: Understood. The AR Team will be leading the other echelons back to the train. Please hold on until then!

Kalina: Is it my imagination, or has M4 changed...?

Commander: She must've been through something. Let's make it through the night and talk to her about it.
Part 13

13

...

The audio recording starts playing.

The voices are muffled by the strong wind. We can just barely make out the words.

Click.

【Sheesh, what a drag. We've been spending so much time looking for that node thingy, and we have to keep producing upgraded autonomous weaponry. That's asking for too much.】

【Haven't you just been hanging around in the air and watching us work ourselves to death?!】

【Nonsense. I've been carefully carrying Agent's order and watching over our Lady Elisa, you know.】

【You were certainly watching, but that's hardly "watching over".】

【Even if we want to draw closer, a certain Doll isn't giving us the chance.】

【Argh...this is so BORING... What even is the point of our existence...?】

【Perhaps you'd be happier fighting Griffin as a mechanical dog?】

【Don't bring that up!】

【Heheh, you've never been killed like Agent was, so count yourself lucky. Who knows? It might be your turn next time.】

【Don't...don't be ridiculous. All our bodies have been recovered. This time Mastermind will certainly defeat all the bad guys who want to bully us!】

【Such as?】

【Such as...Griffin? And those green-skinned bastards...?】

【You're totally clueless... Heheh, but that's precisely why I like you so much.】

【What the hell...? That doesn't make me feel happy at all...】

【Then be a good girl and finish your job. I believe we'll get to meet our old friends very soon.】
Part 14

14

...

The audio recording starts playing.

【It appears that Griffin has passed through Tallinn.】

【On a hijacked armored train, no less. Someone's face must be quite the sight right now.】

【They won't be much of a threat with just a single train. The latest surveillance report is ready.】

【The standard four-level protection system. It would be difficult to penetrate with that level of firepower.】

【Unless the Griffin Commander crashes the train right into it.】

【I don't know about anybody else, but this Commander might go ahead and do just that.】

【That's true. I don't care as long as we won't suffer any casualties.】

【Humph...】

【Still no news from those who've gone in?】

【There's EM interference. The signal has been jammed since they entered the base.】

【Tsk... Honestly, who would believe this is an abandoned base?】

【I never counted on the traitor. It would benefit everyone if she just disappeared in the base for good.】

【Indeed. The train that's been keeping a safe distance away from Griffin has just passed through Tallinn as well.】

【What a bunch of cowards. Keep up the surveillance and send a team to Tallinn.】

【Roger that. I'll deploy the demolition team.】

【Have them bring more explosives. Make sure no one comes out of that damn base alive.】
Part 15

    15chevron_right

In Griffin's temporary command center.

Kalina: Many people have their eyes on us...

That's why we also need more information.

Click.

Kalina: New intel?

Havier: Oh, it actually got through.

Kalina: Whoa! How come the comms just activated itself?!

Havier: What's the matter? Have you been up to something no good?

Kalina: We were just startled by your sudden forced transmission, Mr Havier!

Havier: Sorry about that. Allow me to first congratulate you on making it out of Tallinn in one piece.

Havier: We'd expected as much, but everyone is still very pleased with the outcome.

I doubt you called just to thank us for our work.

Havier: I know this is a bit abrupt, but don't worry, it just shows that he does like you.

Havier: Since we're already speaking, I might as well offer a little piece of advice.

Please do.

Havier: I know you went ahead and agreed to Persica's request, so I'll save you the boredom of listening to more platitude.

Havier: However, I strongly suggest you don't let Statesec know about what Persica's AR Team brought back.

Havier: That thing...could save your life at a desperate moment, but it could also cost you your life just when you think you're safe.

...

Havier: That's it. I won't intrude upon you any longer. I hope your usual luck will persist through the rest of your journey, and I look forward to meeting you in person...

Havier: ...If you can make it back alive, that is.

【Shattered Connexion - END】

