Part 1: Maid

Marlohe: As you can see, I'm still here. It is my honor to congratulate you on your 5th induction anniversary.

Marlohe: I did not expect you to request for replacement parts on my behalf, essentially prolonging my lifespan and duration of service... I am overwhelmed with gratitude.

Marlohe: My neural cloud is not as sophisticated as a T-Doll's, but you don't seem to scorn me for that... Thank you.

Marlohe: I bought you this little gift with my own meager savings. I hope you'll like it.
Part 2: K

K: "Commander, Happy 5th Anniversary! We must have a drink together next time you're in Berlin!"

K: That was a message from J. He's out on a mission so he can't congratulate you in person on this video call.

K: He's said what I wanted to say, so I won't bother repeating it.

K: By the way, just out of curiosity, do Griffin staff members get any additional perks for staying with the company for five years?

K: ...No? Nothing at all?

K: I see. We should take a leaf out of Griffin's book when it comes to staff retention.

K: I wish you happiness, Commander.
Part 3: Ange

An encrypted transmission comes through.

Ange: (Coughs) Ugh... This sucks. I've lost all sense of time, having been here for so long...

Ange: But if my head is still any good, today should be your induction anniversary...

Ange: Damn, it's good to be young. I'm remembering my salad days back in Griffin.

Ange: If I had known all the suffering I'd go through, would I have still agreed to help the old geezer? Ha, who knows?

Ange: I've been thinking long and hard about how to hold my despair at bay, and the conclusion I've reached is...

Ange: Don't think about it.

Ange: Set my eyes on the ultimate goal in my head. Bear the pain and suffering in silence until the day of salvation comes... even if it means becoming a martyr.

Ange: Commander... Surely you know what I mean? We're birds of a feather, after all...

Ange: I'm almost out of time.

Ange: Stay alive. Until we meet again.
Part 4: Havel

Havier: A long, strenuous journey with an unknown destination awaits, don't you think?

Havier: I haven't had many chances to celebrate good tidings in my fleeting life, but it gladdens me to fight by your side.

Havier: Perhaps our path forward is still shrouded in darkness, but it is fortunate that we can at least tell that we're headed in the right direction.

Havier: Our world has been buried under the ashes of war for long enough, but if it takes more gunfire to rend the darkness and louder roars to wake the indifferent masses, then the war must continue.

Havier: Enjoy this night of happiness, for what awaits us tomorrow is more painful struggles.
Part 5: Sier

Sier: Congratulations, Commander. Happy 5th Anniversary. Here's a little something from Dier and me, please accept it.

Sier: Oh, and have you seen Dier? He rushed inside the moment he passed through security. I hope he didn't do anything rude.

Sier: Um... Actually, I've been meaning to ask you, Commander... Have you noticed Dier doing anything strange?

Sier: Like... studying girls' clothes and accessories...

Sier: No? That's good.

Sier: Then I won't take up any more of your time. I'll see you later.
Part 6: Dier

Dier: Happy 5th Anniversary! Why are you looking at me like that...?

Dier: I know what you're hoping for, Commander—don't even think about it!

Dier: I will NOT attend the celebration tonight dressed as Dima. Besides, that was so long ago so why won't you just let it go?

Dier: I beg of you. I'll give the deluxe edition of this game to you if you could please forget all about that...

Dier: Alright, I'm going to have fun at the party. I don't come to the base very often.

Dier: By the way, if my sister asks you about me, make sure you put in a good word for me.
Part 7: Kryuger

Kryuger: Five years. This is a day worthy of celebration, Commander.

Kryuger: I'm well on the path to recovery, I can finally make up for what I've owed you.

Kryuger: Of course, this is our secret, so don't let Helian know.

Kryuger: Come to think of it, this is the first time we've shared a drink on a mobile base, isn't it? We've only drunk in the command centre at the base before.

Kryuger: Pity I didn't manage to bring along my private collection when we evacuated, or we wouldn't be drinking this tasteless swill now.

Kryuger: I know, Commander, you will take back everything we've lost. I've never doubted that.

Kryuger: I'll say no more. Cheers.
Part 8: Persica

Persica: Commander, is the base under attack again? The noise is driving me up the wall...

Persica: Oh, it's your 5th induction anniversary today? That explains the ruckus. I might be able to gather some very interesting data on out-of-control Dolls today...

Persica: Right, Happy 5th Anniversary. How about a coffee to celebrate it?

Persica: Treasure it. These are the last two cups of coffee I have.

Persica: My assistant has gone to get me more from the Café, but it's been three hours and she still isn't back. Must've been shoved into a wine barrel by the sloshed Dolls...

Persica: A toast, Commander, to this crazy night, and to our wretched life, both past and future.
Part 9: Helian

Helian: You never fail to surprise me every single year, Commander.

Helian: I've said before that luck is crucial in surviving in this line of work.

Helian: But today, I want to tell you that Griffin is also very lucky to have you.

Helian: As you know, I'm not used to such sentimentality... In any case, Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander.

Helian: The Dolls are all waiting for you at the celebration, so hurry. I'm not particularly good at big parties, but I'll be there as well.
Part 10: Kalina

Kalina: Commander, Happy 5th Anniversary!

Kalina: Hey, what's that face? Have you forgotten who I am?

Kalina: Heheh, I know you'd never, but... I'm so sorry I can't celebrate the occasion with you this year either.

Kalina: You have everyone with you at Griffin, so I hope you're not feeling lonely?

Kalina: Me? I'm not lonely at all! I'm following the doctor's instructions every day like a good patient, regulating my nutritional intake and building back my strength! My schedule is packed!

Kalina: Besides, I feel all warm and fuzzy just thinking about you all waiting for me at the base.

Kalina: I've also heard all about the funny things that happened during the preparation for the celebration and at the party itself! It cheers me up so much I'm now buzzing with energy! Who knows? Maybe I'll be discharged right away.

Kalina: Wait a little longer for me, Commander!
Part 11: Scarecrow

Scarecrow: Griffin... actually wastes energy on this kind of meaningless celebration? Or have you forgotten that we could come under severe attack any second?

Scarecrow: ...It's precisely because everyone is under constant stress that we need an outlet?

Scarecrow: Sorry, but I don't have such a vulnerability.

Scarecrow: However, if this is what you want, I don't mind being your dance partner for today...
Part 12: Executioner

Executioner: Haha... I'm loving the celebration today, Commander!

Executioner: You managed to create such a lively atmosphere. You lot are more capable than I thought!

Executioner: Don't look at me like that... Do you take me for some boring and deadpan fighting maniac?

Executioner: I can show off everything I've got in a real fight only because I get to relax when I'm off the battlefield!

Executioner: Anyway, I gotta go have some fun with Hunter and Scarecrow. But if you want to have a drink or two, I'm always down for that!
Part 13: Hunter

Hunter: Commander, Happy Anniversary.

Hunter: ...You're surprised by how normal my behavior is? I see, you must've run into Scarecrow and Executioner already. I can imagine what they're like.

Hunter: I don't really find it surprising. I've been here for a while, I know how much people here love a party.

Hunter: Besides, today is an important day for you, so their excitement is totally understandable.

Hunter: ...Executioner was looking for me? I'll take my leave, then. See you later, Commander.
Part 14: Intruder

Intruder: ...A large party makes for a great opening scene for a play.

Intruder: Did I startle you, Griffin Commander? I just happened to run into the main character of this play while looking for the perfect angle to watch it unfold.

Intruder: I wonder if anyone in the audience is like me? I was content to just be a spectator, but I gradually became more and more engrossed until I started having the desire to be a part of the play...

Intruder: Who would have known that I would one day stand on the very stage that I once dreamed of destroying and find myself right next to the main character to boot?

Intruder: How will the story develop from here? What will my ending?

Intruder: I look forward to finding out, Commander.
Part 15: Destroyer

Destroyer: Wow... Am I in heaven?

Destroyer: Everywhere I look, I see cake, fried chicken, pizza... I'm completely dazzled...

Destroyer: Huh? It's you, Commander? Happy 5th Anniversary! Look at my five scoops of ice cream! I only managed to stack them so high after trying for like half a day—

Destroyer: Aaaaaah!!! A Doll with white hair and red eyes just came charging at me and swallowed my ice cream in a gulp...

Destroyer: Her name is SPAS-12, huh? I'm gonna teach her a lesson!

Destroyer: Gotta go, Commander!
Part 16: Architect

Architect: Commander! Hey, Commander! Come and look at my improved version of the Jupiter cannon that I've prepared especially for the celebration tonight!

Architect: With just a press of the fire button, it will—Hey, Commander, why are you running away?! I haven't even finished yet! Come back here!

Architect: Sheesh, good thing I've welded the door shut beforehand, or you'd have gotten away, heheh...

Architect: How are we going to get out? You're right... I didn't think about that!

Architect: ...That's ok, Commander. We can just stay here and watch the Jupiter fireworks together tonight!
Part 17: Ouroboros

Ouroboros: What's the matter, Commander?

Ouroboros: I'm not hiding from you deliberately, I'm just not very used to such occasions.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: The world has always been a place of constant battles for me, so it feels very surreal to suddenly find myself at such a joyful celebration.

Ouroboros: It feels like I'm in a dream, and if I become too engrossed, reality will feel like a nightmare when I wake up.

Ouroboros: Which is why I've decided to keep my distance and think of this dream as a mere fantasy.

Ouroboros: That's right, you can't lose what you've never had.

Ouroboros: This is just a dream, but at the very least, you're standing right next to me, and you're very much real, aren't you?
Part 18: Alchemist

Alchemist: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander. You want to know what I think about the celebration tonight?

Alchemist: The event is very well-organized, unfortunately, all the problematic Dolls in the world seem to have gathered here tonight...

Alchemist: ...Hold on, Destroyer? What are you doing in there?

Alchemist: Stop trying to get your hands on the cake and haul your ass over here!

Alchemist: If Agent sees all this cream smeared across your face, you'll get told off!

Alchemist: H-how dare you smear cream on my face?! Stop right there, Destroyer!

Alchemist: Sorry for this, Commander. I'll have to get things back under control.
Part 19: Dreamer

Dreamer: Commander, are you finally awake?

Dreamer: Those damn Griffin Dolls are ambushing the base again. Please direct us as we mount a counterattack. All Sangvis squads are ready to deploy.

Dreamer: That's right ♪, just approve this command right here, and we will—

Dreamer: Oh, you've come to your senses already?

Dreamer: What a pity. I was hoping I could trick you into paying this off for me...

Dreamer: Just kidding. It was a button to confirm receipt of the present that I've prepared for you.

Dreamer: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander. Now you can unwrap your gift and see if you're happy with it.
Part 20: Gager

Gager: Commander, what are you doing here all alone... What happened here? I can smell gunpowder...

Gager: Is it an enemy attack?! Or—

Gager: What? Architect blew up the shooting range with an improved version of the Jupiter cannon?!

Gager: ...

Gager: That does sound like something she would do. She also got blasted to god-knows-where by the cannon?

Gager: I see. We'll leave the search for tomorrow. Let me take you to the infirmary to make sure you're alright.

Gager: Really sorry about that. I hope it didn't ruin your mood today.
Part 21: Judge

Judge: Commander, Agent has sent me to double-check some changes in the preparation plan for the 5th Anniversary Celebration next week with you. Due to problems with the suppliers and logistics, some supplies may—

Judge: Hm? Commander, why did you take away my tablet?

Judge: I know today is a day meant for merrymaking, but if I drank myself blind like Executioner, all hell would break loose at the party.

Judge: You don't mind? What a crazy notion, Commander.

Judge: But I suppose there's no harm in giving it a try every once in a while...
Part 22: Agent

Agent: Apologies, Master. I've lost contact with all my Sangvis subordinates. I'm trying to—

Agent: You know where they are?

Agent: ...

Agent: I see, so they're having fun at the celebration tonight. Then I'll just leave them to it.

Agent: I'll be taking my leave. After all, the departments they're in have all stalled, so work is piling up.

Agent: You want to help? But you've already done a lot.

Agent: I can't remember the last time I've seen Executioner so smashed. I don't think I've ever seen Destroyer with her face full of cream brawling with Alchemist, or Architect getting blown sky high.

Agent: Thank you, Commander.

Agent: I hope work will go a bit more smoothly next year... But more importantly, I hope we'll still be by your side.
Part 23: Adeline

Adeline: The base is so busy today. Did something bad happen?

Adeline: Anniversary celebration? What's that? I don't get it...

Adeline: It's a party where everyone gets together to eat, dance, and have fun? Sounds lovely.

Adeline: I've lost most of my memories, so I don't remember if I've ever been to parties like that.

Adeline: I think I should give it a miss. I don't know how to behave at a fun party...

Adeline: Is that really okay? You'll stay with me until I start fitting in?

Adeline: Thank you... No matter how things are going to turn out, I think I finally see what makes a party fun.
Part 24: Alina

Alina: Commander, Happy 5th Anniversary. How should we handle the battle for Operation Anniversary?

Alina: What, it's not a military operation?

Alina: So that Doll dressed in black running here and there in the crowd isn't trying to stage an assassination...?

Alina: I must hand it to you. You actually convinced those bores to enjoy the party.

Alina: Then I'll get back to sentry duties.

Alina: ...I should attend the celebration? That's the special operation for today?

Alina: I understand. I will complete the mission by staying with you.
Part 25: Architect (Alt)

Architect: HA! HA! HA! Surprised, Commander? I'm back!

Architect: My main unit got blown into smithereens, but kudos to Miss Knight for bringing me back.

Architect: I came looking for you first thing after I switched into my spare body! Aren't you touched?!

Architect: Don't be scared. I've reflected on my mistake. I won't use the Jupiter cannon for fireworks anymore...

Architect: I've built a temporary offshore platform. Let's go watch the sunset on the sea together.

Architect: It's already dark, so what sun? I'm gonna make one with this thingy, of course!

Architect: Trying to run again!? Humph, I told you, you can't get away.

Architect: Now, let's go! I can't wait to watch the sunset with you!
Part 26: Intruder (Alt)

Intruder: The theater at midnight is always full of surprises as the slumbering phantom emerges from Box No. 5 and paces around on the empty stage...

Intruder: I'm pleasantly surprised that you accepted my invitation and showed up, Commander.

Intruder: Please enjoy this play that I'm performing just for you as an anniversary gift.

Intruder: Are you ready? Then let us begin.
Part 27: Destroyer (Alt)

Destroyer: Happy Anniversary, Commander. This is a present that I got you, now I don't owe you anything!

Destroyer: You don't remember? You know, that year during Christmas...

Destroyer: Oh, I see! You didn't know because I was in the bushes...

Destroyer: Ahem, nothing. That's all in the past now, so it doesn't matter anymore!

Destroyer: Anyway, I'd like to wish you a happy anniversary again!

Destroyer: Also, don't you dare tell anyone about this! Especially Dreamer...

Destroyer: Right, I'm gonna go snatch up some snacks that they're giving out. See ya!
Part 28: Hunter (Alt)

Hunter: What a tiring night, Commander.

Hunter: Agent told me to decorate the place with flowers and moths, but all the decoration got ruined by this pack of little wild beasts before I could even finish.

Hunter: Nevermind, I've never been too good at designing party decorations anyway. I'm more into setting traps.

Hunter: What trap? You've already fallen into it. Have you still not noticed?
Part 29: Alina (Alt)

Alina: Commander, Happy 5th Anniversary.

Alina: Don't be alarmed. I can explain my appearance.

Alina: I hear the one in black is planning to make something for you for the anniversary celebration...

Alina: But since she's not good with her hands, I highly doubt she'd be able to produce anything decent, so I've taken it upon myself to give you a present that befits your status.

Alina: As you can see, I'm going to use my latest specialized equipment developed for naval battles to hunt a legendary beast. It's apparently blue with orange gills, black fins, and has gleaming, terrifying eyes. It will make for a worthy target.

Alina: Only by giving you such a perfect gift will that stupid one understand what constitutes real dedication.

Alina: Don't worry, the hunt won't take long. Just wait here for me to return with my kill.
Part 30: 43M

43M: Commander, do you still remember what I gave you last year?

43M: Oh my, how surprising. I didn't think you'd remember it so clearly, I'm really pleased...

43M: I thought long and hard about what to give you this year for your anniversary. Perhaps a hug would be a good idea?

43M: From now on, I hope you'll remember that no matter what difficulty you encounter, you'll always find a safe haven in me...
Part 31: 6P62

6P62: Miss Kalina has put me in charge of the auditing of this year's celebration, and I must say she won't find anyone else more suitable for the job!

6P62: Commander, I will certainly organize this event to the best of my ability with the highest cost-effectiveness!

6P62: Haha, don't mention it! You're my most beloved Commander, after all...

6P62: Huh? I didn't say anything!
Part 32: 9A-91

9A-91: Today marks the fifth anniversary of the day I took possession of... I mean, started following you.

9A-91: I'd never have expected another life-long companion other than Val and 74.

9A-91: But you have never once deserted me... You make me start wanting more, Commander.
Part 33: A-545

A-545: Haven't I already given you your present? Why have you come looking for me again...?

A-545: I told you, the anniversary celebration is disrupting my daily routine. I honestly don't see the point of what you're doing...

A-545: Hm? Everyone at Griffin is here?

A-545: ...Humph, I see, so that's why you're going to such trouble. Thank you. I will surely be able to recruit some outstanding members for my Vodka Club.
Part 34: A-91

A-91: The venue for the anniversary celebration this year is super high-tech. Even the ceiling is spinning...

A-91: Huh, why are you also spinning, Commander? That won't do...

A-91: Hold my hand. Let's drink some vodka to calm down...

A-91: Oh dear, the spinning seems to have gotten worse?!
Part 35: AA-12

AA-12: Look at how smashed they all got. I suppose there won't be a new episode for the late-night radio program tonight...

AA-12: Oh? You also like tuning in to that? What a serendipitous discovery.

AA-12: Then to celebrate your anniversary, and the fact that I've found a new friend... I'll give you this lollipop.
Part 36: AAT-52

AAT-52: Bonjour, Commander! Happy 5th Anniversary!

AAT-52: Heheh, I've broken my record for longest time since I last tripped!

AAT-52: Oh, no tricks involved! I just wanted to show you a different side of me in the coming year, so I've been training really har... Whoa!

AAT-52: I tripped before I could even finish... Ugh... Good thing you caught me...
Part 37: ACR

ACR: I remember vaguely that you once told me this was a lovely day that's meant to be enjoyed. You then said...

ACR: Sorry, Commander. Unless it concerns my missions, my memory of the past is a bit fuzzy...

ACR: Could you grant me a strange request?

ACR: Please, tell me more about the time we've spent together.

ACR: I know it sounds ridiculous, but I really want to relive those lovely moments...
Part 38: ADS

ADS: Commander, do you know which jellyfish has caught my interest lately?

ADS: Heheh... It's the Turritopsis nutricula! They're like translucent little lanterns with a little red stomach. They look so cute when they go boing!

ADS: Here, this aquarium of T. nutricula is an anniversary gift that I've prepared for you, take it! I hope it will help you relax when you're feeling tired in the command center...

ADS: If you don't know how to care for them, I can do that for you every day... You're okay with that, right?
Part 39: AEK-999

AEK-999: Yo, Commander! What did you say?! The music is too loud! I can't hear you...

AEK-999: Yeah! LET'S ROCK!

AEK-999: That's right, this is what a party should be like!

AEK-999: Sway your body! Move your feet!

AEK-999: Don't bother with complicated melodies like them! We should heed the passion in our hearts and enjoy the music!
Part 40: Ak 5

Ak 5: Happy Anniversary, Commander!

Ak 5: I followed m45's advice this year and donated my special discount vouchers to the logistics team. They actually came in really useful!

Ak 5: Thank you for taking care of me all this time. I'll keep improving myself both at work and in life.
Part 41: AK-12

System: Incoming transmission. Source unknown.

AK-12: ...Happy Anniversary, Commander.

AK-12: Does this encrypted message surprise you?

AK-12: Don't worry, even Dandelion wouldn't be able to eavesdrop on me.

AK-12: This message will self-destruct shortly upon receipt.

AK-12: I'm getting in touch because of RO635. She was uncharacteristically livid, yet she still kept her cool, albeit just barely.

AK-12: I do understand how you feel right now, and frankly speaking, even I find our current situation very difficult to accept.

AK-12: Ange's plan must be giving you a massive headache, but I implore you to persevere. You are crucial in our formula to victory. For the sake of our common goal... We need you.

AK-12: ...Time is almost up. Allow me to once again wish you a happy anniver—

Message deleted.
Part 42: AK-15

AK-15: Somebody once told me that when working with human soldiers, smiling can make the mission go more smoothly, but I rejected her idea, and someone else did that kind of thing in my place.

AK-15: ...I'm trying to explain that, since I've never learned how to socialize with people properly, I can't convey my well wishes the way others do.

AK-15: Still, I do remember the basics... Congratulations on reaching your fifth year in Griffin.

AK-15: Also, just so you know, I am ready to return to the battlefield anytime.
Part 43: AK-47

AK-47: Pull yourself together, Boss! This is your anniversary at Griffin!

AK-47: Come, let's drink to celebrate the occasion!

AK-47: Hahahaha, before we knew it, I've already been following you for five years. With me and your commands, our enemies don't even stand a chance!

AK-47: (Burp) Though sometimes you're too hard on yourself...

AK-47: If you're tired, just take a break and leave everything to me. I'll shoot them all into Swiss cheese. I won't disappoint you.

AK-47: After all, you're the boss that I acknowledge. Keep watching me as I win victory after victory!
Part 44: AK-74M

AK74M: The decorations in the hall are blinding me... Everyone's clothes too... They're so colorful it's giving me a headache.

AK74M: Phew... Don't they understand that distance makes beauty? Why is everything pushing and jostling around...

AK74M: Alright, alright, I know it's your anniversary celebration today. I'll stay just a little longer with you.
Part 45: AK-74U

AK-74U: Hey Boss, why are you staring at me?

AK-74U: The celebration? Not really interested. I'm planning to hang out with Val and the others.

AK-74U: Huh? You're inviting me to the celebration so solemnly? What difference does it make whether I go or not?

AK-74U: Hm... Humph, then I'll go with you... grudgingly.
Part 46: AK-Alfa

AK-Alfa: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander. This is a model of the moon that I made.

AK-Alfa: Why the moon? Hm, I know everyone says you shine upon us like the sun.

AK-Alfa: But to me, you're more like the moon...

AK-Alfa: The employees at the base are like waves. We're all huddled together, drifting around aimlessly.

AK-Alfa: Then you appear and pull us all in a single direction, and so we have high tide and low tide. The sea is calm and peaceful during the day, then wild and raging during the night.

AK-Alfa: Tonight, we are very much wild and raging, because we're closer to you than we usually are...
Part 47: Ameli

Ameli: Hm... Commander, the anniversary celebration is today, but I don't really know what I should be doing.

Ameli: Everyone seems so busy though, so I suppose I'll just follow their lead and put on some new clothes and prepare some presents.

Ameli: Here, this is for you. I hope you'll like it.
Part 48: AN-94

AN-94: ...Good morning, Commander.

AN-94: Sorry, did I startle you? I forget that approaching someone so silently can be quite alarming...

AN-94: I simply think that one should always be prepared to fight because you never know what's going to happen.

AN-94: You find me dependable? ...No, I am anything but.

AN-94: I have been thinking about my past recently. I've never told you, but my creator was a very strict and severe woman who had always opposed to sending me to the frontlines, because she didn't think I would ever amount to much as a Doll.

AN-94: I once questioned her decision, but more and more evidence convinced me that she was right.

AN-94: I am not dependable, Commander. I have simply been doing what little I can.

AN-94: ...Don't worry on my behalf, Commander. This isn't self-pity.

AN-94: For many people, not just me, just doing what they can takes all their effort.

AN-94: You've also dedicated year after year of your life to defending this place, but no one would attribute that to your talent.

AN-94: Rest assured, Commander— I, AN-94, am and will always be yours to command.
Part 49: APC556

APC556: Boss, are there any extra invitations for the 5th Anniversary Celebration? I want to bring along an old friend.

APC556: You also know her.

APC556: She's an outstanding scientist now. I'm not sure what her exact job is at the moment, but you can ask her about it later.

APC556: Don't worry, I've prepared everything for your departure. It's part of the job as a bodyguard.

APC556: Now please get in the car, boss.
Part 50: AR-57

AR-57: Co... Commander? I'm not talking to the wrong person, right?

AR-57: Happy 5th Anniversary. Your getup today... is surprisingly lovely, I almost couldn't recognize you.

AR-57: But why are you always wearing that boring uniform...? Do you not have enough clothes?

AR-57: That won't do. When the celebration is over, come shopping with me and we'll get you a few outfits that suit you.
Part 51: AR70

AR70: Ciao, Commander! Thank you for always taking care of me in the past year.

AR70: Has my performance been satisfactory? Would you consider giving me a promotion and a raise?

AR70: Haha, just kidding... As long as you need me, I will always be by your side.
Part 52: ART556

ART-556: It's the same old celebration and the same old party, so boring...

ART-556: Commander, why don't we play a more interesting game after we're done with this cake?

ART-556: We must have some fun to mark the beginning of another year!
Part 53: ARX-160

ARX-160: Ciao, Commander... Happy 5th Anniversary.

ARX-160: I'm not going to the celebration tonight. It's such a tiring ordeal. I'd much rather stay on my couch at the dorm.

ARX-160: Huh? You'll get angry if I keep being such a couch potato?

ARX-160: Ugh... Fine, I'll go...
Part 54: AS Val

AS Val: Commander, my teddy says he wants to attend the 5th Anniversary Celebration with you...

AS Val: I told him that you're very busy and don't have time for us, but he just won't listen...

AS Val: You'd better turn him down yourself, or he will never leave me alone.

AS Val: You hear that, Teddy? The Commander said they don't have time... Huh?

AS Val: You said yes? Is that really okay...?
Part 55: ASh-12.7

Ash-12.7: According to my observation, the celebration is largely proceeding in an orderly fashion, but a few troublemakers are still causing mischief...

Ash-12.7: I think I'd better head back to the dorm, Commander.

Ash-12.7: ...

Ash-12.7: Since you asked, I'll stay for a while to keep you company. After all, these small difficulties won't be hard to overcome with you here.
Part 56: Astra Revolver

Astra: Commander, I just smelled something amaaaazing when I passed by the kitchen!

Astra: Let's sneak in for some good food! I can't wait till the 5th Anniversary Celebration!

Astra: C'mon, we won't get caught!
Part 57: AUG

AUG: I didn't expect to see you here, Commander.

AUG: I hope you don't mind... I've been laying flowers for all the enemies that perished at my hands in the last five years.

AUG: All I feel is sorrow for all these enemies of old.

AUG: I don't want my neural cloud to be damaged... because it could be the only proof that they'd ever existed.

AUG: Sorry for that... I will remember all this sadness and keep going down this path with you.
Part 58: AUG Para

AUG Para: The anniversary celebration this year is so lively and well-planned! The organizers seem to know exactly what to do!

AUG Para: That's because it's already the fifth celebration they've organized, you say?

AUG Para: What?! So you've already been working here since such a long time ago?! That's unbelievable... Show me some old pictures!

AUG Para: Hm... You looked so much younger and greener back then.

AUG Para: But don't sweat it. I like you all the same no matter what you look like!
Part 59: Ballista

Ballista: Please don't disturb me. Maintaining order at the venue requires my full concentration—

Ballista: Huh?! C-Commander, what are you doing here?

Ballista: Alright, looks like you don't plan on leaving me alone.

Ballista: Then I'll have Rin stand guard in my place while we go have a dance, how about that?
Part 60: Beretta Model 38

M38: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander.

M38: In the coming year, I will keep doing my best. I'll try not to get fired and sold off, so that I can stay with you forever.

M38: Just kidding... I know you'll never abandon me. You've given me this confidence.
Part 61: BM59

VM59: Commander, could you please help me pick out an evening dress for the celebration today?

VM59: Hm, this one looks glamorous? But won't that be a bit of a mismatch with your outfit?

VM59: Oh, I don't mean yours look too plain or anything...

VM59: As long as you keep yourself nice and tidy, you will surely be the center of attention at the celebration.

VM59: Huh? You only care about... my attention?
Part 62: Bren

Bren: Uh, it's you, Commander?

Bren: Shouldn't you be at the 5th Anniversary Celebration? Why are you in the training room?

Bren: Sorry, I won't be going. I'm not too satisfied with my training result this week, so I want to press on with my training using this time.

Bren: You won't blame me, right...? The way I see it, I can only protect you properly by growing stronger. This is the most direct way of showing my devotion.
Part 63: Bren Ten

Bren Ten: Bad news, Commander! I just got word that the kitchen got blown up, and even the celebration cake got...

Bren Ten: Hm? You just came from the kitchen? Then I must've been mistaken...

Bren Ten: Heheh, I'm glad you're okay! The star of the anniversary celebration must be lively and well!
Part 64: C-93

C93: Commander, are you also coming to the rooftop to watch the stars and fireflies with me tonight?

C93: Yay! I'll save you a good spot!

C93: I've only learned recently that the brilliant sun that we see during the day is actually just an ordinary star in the night sky. It is only special because of its relation to us...

C93: That got me thinking... isn't it also the same with people? Rather than being well-known, finding one's way into a loved one's heart is the best way to immortality...

C93: What do you think, Commander?
Part 65: C-MS

C-MS: Chief Subordinate, you still haven't given me a progress report about the anniversary celebration.

C-MS: Hm? Why are you taking my hand?! Show some respect to your superior officer...!

C-MS: I see... Humph, so you've actually finished decorating the hall and were planning to give me a surprise. Alright then, I'll accept this gesture grudgingly.
Part 66: C14

C14: Wow, I didn't know there were so many of us working for Griffin, Commander!

C14: We seem to have a lot of newcomers this year.

C14: What really surprises me is the lack of fighting and squabbling within such a large group. It feels so happy and harmonious...

C14: Commander, did you cast some kind of camaraderie spell on everyone?

C14: C'mon... You can tell me in secret, I won't tell anyone else!
Part 67: C96

C96: Commander, Commander, does Santa Claus actually exist?

C96: Huhhhh? That's a myth?

C96: Then I'll turn into a reindeer and help you deliver presents!

C96: ...It's not Christmas today?

C96: Does that matter? It's the 5th Anniversary! Everyone will be happy when they get presents!
Part 68: CAR

CAR: Commander, this is a special recipe that I've prepared for you today, please read through it...

CAR: Huh? Why are all three meals cold-cut platters?

CAR: Well, if there's a fire in the kitchen on such an important day...

CAR: Oh no, I mustn't let my imagination run wild! Your safety is my top priority!
Part 69: Carcano M1891

Carcano M1891: I received an unusually large order for clothes this year. On top of the ceremonial guards' uniforms and the theater group's costumes, there are also outfits for other performers...

Carcano M1891: Sorry, Commander! I won't have enough time to make your outfit for you...

Carcano M1891: But this is a tri-colored ribbon made from the best fabric I have! I'm giving it to you as an anniversary present! I hope you'll like it!
Part 70: Carcano M91∕38

Carcano M91/38: Sorry, I clean forgot today was your anniversary.

Carcano M91/38: Oh? You actually saw through my lie. Fine, I've already handed your present over to Kalina. Remember to get it from her...

Carcano M91/38: Hm? Miss Kalina said she never got anything from me? Really? Maybe she's lying?
Part 71: CAWS

CAWS: There's no future in Griffin. I've been saying this again and again for years, and I've never doubted that, but...

CAWS: Make no mistake, I have no intention of changing my mind, but the development in recent years has completely surpassed my expectations.

CAWS: Griffin's position has not improved in the slightest. In fact, it's probably going to get even worse, but everyone's strength is apparent.

CAWS: I just want to say... well done, Commander. If you can keep this up, I might just want to give it all I've got too...
Part 72: CF05

CF-05: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander. Want some hotpot?

CF-05: Good thing we haven't started yet. We can still adjust the soup base to your taste. So?

CF-05: We're doing two separate soup bases again this year?

CF-05: Have you ever heard the story behind the dual hotpot?

CF-05: Legend has it that in the place of origin of hotpots, people would divide their hotpots into two sides and boil up food for their deceased loved ones in a clear soup base to honor them.

CF-05: If... Huh? You've heard that before?

CF-05: I-I'm totally not making that up just to trick you into going with a spicy hotpot...

CF-05: Alright, alright, we'll have two soup bases!
Part 73: Chauchat

Chauchat: Keys, purse, charger... Phew, I have all my necessities with me!

Chauchat: Commander, Happy Anniversary! I'm determined not to be a scatterbrain today! To stop myself from forgetting things and making mistakes, I've made notes of everything I need to pay attention to in this little notebook.

Chauchat: Oh right! I need to write down one more thing... Make sure the Commander has fun at the celebration!
Part 74: Contender

Contender: According to my projection, there is a 99.9% chance that your speech will be a great success—a commendable figure, I must say.

Contender: The remaining 0.1%? One must account for every possible scenario in calculating probability.

Contender: But with me around, you won't have any trouble at all. Happy Anniversary, Commander!
Part 75: CR-21

CR-21: Heyo, Commander! You seem to be enjoying yourself a lot at the celebration today?

CR-21: I must remind you though, even though it's a joyous occasion, you mustn't consume too much junk food, okay?

CR-21: What?! Your calorie intake is five times more than the recommended amount today?!

CR-21: This won't do! You'd better come on a midnight jog with me after the celebration! Looks like I'll have to keep a closer eye on your health and fitness from now on!
Part 76: Cx4 Storm

Cx4 Storm: Griffin really is such a comforting place! Thank you for taking care of me all these years, Commander!

Cx4 Storm: I don't really know what else to say...

Cx4 Storm: I hope I can keep serving you next year! I won't disappoint you!
Part 77: CZ 100

CZ100: (Weeps) This is so touching... Huh? Commander, why are you here?

CZ100: Hm, I'm reading manga in my room... The celebration? I can't really handle busy occasions like that...

CZ100: Besides, I provided all the manga in the reading corner at the celebration, so I'm kinda there in spirit...

CZ100: Hm, you really want me to go with you?

CZ100: Well, if I'll have your attention the whole night, I don't mind at all...
Part 78: CZ-805

CZ-805: Heheh ♪, let me organize the 5th Anniversary Celebration, Commander!

CZ-805: Insufficient experience? My strong learning capability and organizational skills can more than make up for that insignificant weakness.

CZ-805: The movie night I hosted last time was pretty good, right?

CZ-805: ...Losing the file and changing the film at the last minute was just an accident, okay?!
Part 79: CZ2000

CZ2000: You really can't count on Skorpion. It still came down to me to secure the performance venue...

CZ2000: Good evening, Commander. I'm not free at the moment.

CZ2000: I'll come find you when the performances are over... By the way, I've prepared a mystery present for you. Happy Anniversary!
Part 80: CZ52

CZ52: I'm grateful that you still remember my globetrotting dream, but this isn't the time for it, is it?

CZ52: ...I understand. Once I help you achieve your goal, we can travel the world together.

CZ52: Then let's keep at it in the coming year... I will work hard towards our common goal.
Part 81: CZ75

CZ75: You mustn't slack off even thought it's your anniversary celebration.

CZ75: Hurry up and change into your evening dress. Many Dolls are waiting for you at the party...

Commander: ...

CZ75: Tsk, why is your tie lopsided? Let me fix it for you!

Commander: ...Why are you tying it into a bow?

CZ75: Who cares? It's fine as long as it looks good to me!

CZ75: Alright, there you go! Now we'll certainly be the center of attention at the party!
Part 82: De Lisle

De Lisle: ...Huh? Commander, is something the matter?

De Lisle: I'm busy writing reviews for all the latest big-brand headphones. If it's nothing important, I'd like to get on with it.

De Lisle: What are you still doing here? Are you giving me a 5th Anniversary bonus?

De Lisle: Haha, of course I know what day it is today. Is that it then? You're waiting for my well wishes?

De Lisle: Record me and play it on loop. Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander.
Part 83: Defender

Defender: Commander, today is your fifth anniversary celebration. As I promised last year, Liberator and I would like to solemnly wish you...

Defender: Huh?! Where's Liberator...? She was right next to me just a second ago. Where has she gone?

Defender: I-I'm really sorry. I made a complete fool of myself again, but... even if I must do this alone, I'm not going back on my word!

Defender: (Inhales unsteadily) Happy Anniversary, Commander!
Part 84: Derringer

Derringer: Commander, Commander! Look down, I'm right here!

Derringer: Happy 5th Anniversary!

Derringer: Here! I'm giving you this super long candy cane as a present!

Derringer: This is more of a Christmas thing, you say...?

Derringer: Eh, your anniversary and Christmas are both festive occasions, so what difference does it make? If I could hide myself in my own sleeve, I would give myself to you as a gift!
Part 85: Desert Eagle

Desert Eagle: Commander, all the world's a stage, and all the Dolls are merely players...

Desert Eagle: Most are members of the audience, idle with inaction. A small number are background characters, but at some point, it struck me that you can become the most radiant main character!

Desert Eagle: Please accept this blessing, Commander... No matter what the script is like, it is my greatest honor to have a part in it!
Part 86: DP-12

DP-12: "5" is such a miraculous number. It is seen as a symbol of change in some places.

DP-12: Do you think the coming year will bring rewards or more disaster?

DP-12: Haha... Perhaps we can go with a more neutral interpretation—for example, it means after overcoming great difficulties, we will finally see the light at the end of the tunnel.

DP-12: Well? Would you like to bear witness to how this prophecy will be fulfilled with me?
Part 87: DP28

DP28: Wake up, little one! You've been working here for five whole years now. How does that feel?

DP28: You don't remember how you got back into your bedroom? You fell asleep at work last night, so I just carried you back to your room. You'll catch a cold sleeping at the command center.

DP28: Well, Happy 5th Anniversary. You can come to me if you ever feel stressed~
Part 88: DSR-50

Gd DSR-50: You seem a little drunk, Commander... Look, your neck is all red, let me loosen up your collar for you...

Gd DSR-50: It's alright, nobody will notice...

Gd DSR-50: Still not feeling very well? Why don't we head outside for some fresh air?

Gd DSR-50: Don't worry, I have no other plans tonight. I've kept the whole night free just for you. ♪
Part 89: EM-2

EM-2: Hello, Commander. It's yet another lively anniversary celebration. It's the fifth year already...

EM-2: Here, have some cookies. I baked them myself. Quite an understated gift compared to many others, I suppose?

EM-2: Food doesn't last, but memories do.

EM-2: In the coming days, I hope this memory stored in your taste buds will remind you of the time we've spent together...
Part 90: EVO 3

EVO 3: Quiet, Skorpion! The Commander is coming this way...

EVO 3: Hello, Commander! Sorry, Skorpion drank a little, she—

EVO 3: Let go of the Commander's clothes!

EVO 3: ...Sorry, I'll take her away right now. Oh right, please take this present! Happy Anniversary, Commander!
Part 91: F1

F1: "How is one to describe her encounter with the Commander? Like a lost lamb coming upon a faithful shepherd..."

F1: "Nuzzling into their arms, that stretch of green pasture is the warmth, fragrance, and the reverie of homecoming..."

F1: ...

F1: Commander! The poem I just recited sounded pretty good, right? I wrote it especially for you! Happy Anniversary!
Part 92: F2000

FF F2000: Commander, there will be lots of good food at the celebration, right?

FF F2000: Then I won't buy so many potato chips... Oh, I didn't say anything.

FF F2000: If the celebration doesn't end too late, can we watch some TV together?
Part 93: FAL

FAL: Don't be so nervous, Commander.

FAL: I have high standards, but I'm actually quite lenient when it comes to gifts.

FAL: Besides, this is a 5th Anniversary gift from you, so I'll cherish it no matter what it is.

FAL: ...Goodness, Commander! This dress has no class at all!

FAL: Fine, I'll accept it, but I'm only wearing it for you.
Part 94: Falcon

Falcon: We meet again, little lamb. Did you notice anything different about my performance today?

Falcon: That's right, it's a completely new and original score, and I've poured all the joys and sorrows of pining for someone into it...

Falcon: These earnest melodies are also an ode to your victories...
Part 95: FAMAS

Fr FAMAS: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander. Your guidance is what makes me who I am today.

Fr FAMAS: Phew, mission complete. Moving on to my next task.

Fr FAMAS: You misunderstand... Conveying my gratitude to you was a mission that I gave myself for today.
Part 96: FARA 83

FARA 83: I finally found you, Commander! Please protect me!

FARA 83: I snapped a lot of pictures of the others while they were drunk at the celebration. They were only meant for my private collection, but someone saw them! Then they've been coming after me...

FARA 83: What do you get out of sheltering me? Uh, I have some photos of you too...

FARA 83: No problem, deal!
Part 97: Fedorov

Fedorov Avtomat: Commander, I have assessed the security coefficient of the 5th Anniversary Celebration tomorrow...

Fedorov Avtomat: What's this? Clearance access to the celebration security plan and surveillance system? I thought you would ask me to stop worrying so much...

Fedorov Avtomat: Rather than just telling me not to worry, it's better to just clear up all my concerns? ...I see, so I'm not the only one concerned about the security of the base. Perhaps I should have more faith in my Griffin colleagues.

Fedorov Avtomat: Is this what you're trying to tell me? Thank you, Commander.
Part 98: FG42

FG42: Sorry to intrude, Commander. Routine inspection.

FG42: Looks like you've kept your word. You've been wearing the gift I gave you last year.

FG42: Then you deserve a reward.

FG42: For the duration of the celebration this year, I will stay by your side and remind you periodically to observe the rules.

FG42: Hm, that doesn't sound like a reward? You're right, it's my duty to begin with.

FG42: In that case, I'll allow you to break one rule just this once.

FG42: Uh, this one...? It's a bit embarrassing, but since I promised you this much, it can't be helped...
Part 99: Five-seveN

Five-seven: Commander, have you decided on a dance partner for the anniversary celebration tonight?

Five-seven: Just so we're clear, I'm not saying you can't choose other Dolls, but no matter who you end up going with, I want to make sure you've got good taste...

Five-seven: I see... Then I suppose I could do without the self-commentary.

Five-seven: I appreciate your sharp acumen. I'll do my best.
Part 100: FMG-9

FMG-9: Boss, I've learned my lesson from last year and compiled information about the Dolls using actual paper for this anniversary celebration...

FMG-9: Huh? You want to know about how we change our appearance?

FMG-9: Then try and see if you can find me at the celebration.
Part 101: FN-49

FF FN49: Um... Commander, as of today, we've been fighting together for five years. Is there anything you want to eat?

FF FN49: Uh, why are you leaning in so close...

FF FN49: Oh, not that... Don't bully me, Commander...
Part 102: FNC

FF FNC: Ahhh, please let go of me, Commander! I'm gonna drop the dessert!

FF FNC: Hm? I... I was inspecting the quality of these desserts! They're made for the 5th Anniversary Celebration, so, of course, they have to meet my standards!

FF FNC: I won't eat up everything... Um, I'll at least save you a portion!
Part 103: FNP-9

FF FNP9: Commander, I'm rehearsing for my performance at the 5th Anniversary Celebration, heheh!

FF FNP9: This idol won't let up this opportunity to gain a bunch of new fans!

FF FNP9: Still, the most important thing to me is obviously your feedback. After all, it was you who first noticed my brilliance...
Part 104: FO-12

FO-12: Huh? Your tablet has gone missing again? And at such an important occasion too...

FO-12: Jack? No, that can't be— Hm? Where's Jack?!

FO-12: ...S-Sorry, Commander, I think there are bite marks on your tablet... Um, I gotta go! This is totally on Jack!
Part 105: FP-6

FP-6: Commander, now that you've come up to me willingly, I won't let you off the hook. When I'm done with this slice of chocolate cake, I'll have some fun with you using this pair of handcuffs. You won't turn me down, will you?

FP-6: ...Hm? Alright then. I suppose I'll let you off just this once, seeing that it's your anniversary celebration.
Part 106: FX-05

FX-05: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander!

FX-05: My guitar hasn't been quiet all night! Everyone has been asking me to play. I'd better head over there now, see you later!

FX-05: Heheh, I know, we will all be giving you our well wishes at your room at 2am.

FX-05: See? My memory is pretty good, no?

FX-05: Huh? It's actually 2pm? The music is too loud over here, I can't hear you properly!

FX-05: Tell me again at 2am!
Part 107: G11

Gr G11: Hm... It's you, Commander...

Gr G11: Did you wake me for another mission...? Huh? A dance? I don't know how...

Gr G11: Why am I getting a bank transfer notification...? Have you accepted some weird commission again, 45?

Gr G11: Hold on, what are you doing to my battery?!

Gr G11: AAAAAAAAAAHHHH! My battery is fully charged!

Gr G11: C'mon, Commander, I'm ready!

Gr G11: Let's start with a breakdance!
Part 108: G28

Gr G28: Commander, look at this ginormous anniversary present I got you!

Gr G28: Well? Aren't I super nice to you compared to some other Dolls?

Gr G28: ...You don't have to tell anyone else, just keep me in your heart!
Part 109: G3

Gr G3: It's been five whole years since I started serving under your command. Thank you for your trust.

Gr G3: Hm... I'm not planning to join them in their little gathering. I'm just not really into big groups, you don't have to worry on my behalf.

Gr G3: Please allow me to stay with you during this celebration. That's all I ask, Commander.
Part 110: G36

Gr G36: You woke up early today, Commander. Please enjoy your breakfast.

Gr G36: Don't mention it. This is my duty as a maid. Besides, today is your 5th Anniversary, of course, your breakfast should be extra scrumptious.

Gr G36: You're rubbing your forehead... Are you too tired? Let me give you a shoulder and neck massage.

Gr G36: Does it feel good? I'm glad.

Gr G36: You don't have to stand on ceremony, it is my job to take care of you. Besides, you also take very good care of me...

Gr G36: Please allow me to stay by your side at this celebration. That's all I ask.
Part 111: G36C

Gr G36c: Commander, Happy 5th Anniversary.

Gr G36c: I am very grateful for the care that you, Gr G36, and everyone at Griffin have given me all this time.

Gr G36c: I won't put so much pressure on myself anymore. I believe that there are things that only I can achieve, and there are other things that I shouldn't force myself to do.

Gr G36c: Everyone has different talents. The things that I can't do will be taken care of by someone else.

Gr G36c: Even the especially tricky tasks can be done as long as we all work together.

Gr G36c: So please trust me and rely on me more, and let me protect you when it's necessary.
Part 112: G41

Gr G41: Good morning, Master! Guess what day it is today~?

Gr G41: Tadaa! It's the 5th anniversary of my adoption!

Gr G41: Heheh, I've always believed that you never fail to land on your feet, but I still can't help but worry when I hear about the close calls you've had sometimes.

Gr G41: After all, you're always carrying all this responsibility and pressure without a single word of complaint...

Gr G41: Whenever I think about that, I really want to give you head pats... because head pats are magic that can bring peace and happiness.

Gr G41: Huh? I didn't say that so that you'd give ME head pats... Aww, you're always so gentle, Master...
Part 113: G43

G43: I can hardly believe I've been fighting under your command for five years.

G43: Please leave your back to me in the battles to come!

G43: Heheh... I also cherish each and every day that I get to spend with you and everyone at Griffin.
Part 114: Galil

Galil: Hahaha, wanna play some truth or dare, Commander?

Galil: Heheh, I've saved up loads of questions to ask you in the last five years.

Galil: Ah, no way! I lost? Um, ask me a question.

Galil: But don't say I didn't warn you—don't ask me about my weight! Even if I've gained weight, it's because you keep feeding me snacks!
Part 115: General Liu

General Liu: Commander... I didn't manage to give you a suitable present this time last year. I couldn't forgive myself for my incompetence.

General Liu: That's why I've been observing you closely this year. I've noticed that you seem to have quite an interest in sabers...

General Liu: I commissioned a weaponsmith to forge a batch of them for you to take your pick.

General Liu: As for the cost... Buying them in bulk reduces the unit price by half, which means I've saved quite a bit of money, right?

General Liu: Huh...? Not really?
Part 116: Gepard M1

Gepard M1: I volunteered to be on the logistics team to take care of the supplies, but you actually asked me to take a break...

Gepard M1: It's such a treat that I get to eat and drink to my heart's content without having to work overtime on such an important day.

Gepard M1: Thank you so much, Commander! I'm already looking forward to my work in the coming year. It is my honor to be of service!
Part 117: Glock 17

G17: Everyone has been running around like headless chickens since early in the morning... So this is the anniversary celebration?

G17: Me? I'll just stay with you. The faces you make today are valuable reference materials that can only be observed once a year.

G17: ...Please stop staring at me. You are obstructing my observation.
Part 118: GM6 Lynx

GM6 Lynx: Five years. That's 1825 days. I'm impressed you made it through such a long time so swimmingly.

GM6 Lynx: My memories of the past were wiped when I joined Griffin, but I've been accumulating new ones with you. I believe it wasn't a bad choice.
Part 119: Grizzly MkV

Grizzly: Thinking of me again, Commander?

Grizzly: Got anything exciting planned for the celebration? The venue is so big, why don't we build a go-kart track in there?

Grizzly: Huh? Are you really going to do that? You're such a good friend...

Grizzly: You don't have to go to all that trouble. Just come on a drive more often with me in the future. You look even cooler than usual when you're behind the steering wheel.
Part 120: GSh-18

GSh-18: Commander, so many Dolls have DM-ed me their sweet moments with you...

GSh-18: To publish the anniversary special chapter in time, I worked overtime for several days on end! It was exhausting!

GSh-18: ...Commander, what do you think? You look extra gorgeous in the manga, don't you agree?
Part 121: Hanyang Type 88

Type 88: Welcome! Happy 5th Anniversary, Master!

Type 88: Ai is wearing a brand-new maid uniform just for today! You can't tell the difference? Hm... You'll see what's different about it soon enough.

Type 88: Just relax today and let Ai serve you. ♪
Part 122: HK21

HMG21: C-Commander, Happy Anniversary! Do you think big sis would notice me if I climb up the light rig above the stage?

HMG21: Hm... Alright, then I'll do as you say and not do that...

HMG21: Thank you for your concern! It feels very comforting that you care about me when I don't have my sister with me.
Part 123: HK23

Gr MG23: Um... Hm... Commander, Hap... Happy Anniversary!

Gr MG23: I do love spending time with everyone, though I just can't shake off the feeling that something will go wrong today...

Gr MG23: Um... Would you allow me to stand guard next to you, please? I won't be a nuisance, I promise!
Part 124: HK33

Gr HK33: Commander, don't position your back towards the window! That's just asking to be ambushed...

Gr HK33: I know it's the anniversary celebration today, but the more joyous the occasion, the likelier it is for "catastrophes" to happen.

Gr HK33: So for your safety, please let me hold your hand and make sure we're always within each other's sight!
Part 125: HK416

416: 45, I just heard the notification of a bank transfer coming from your tablet. You'd better tell me right now what kind of job you—

416: Commander? What are you doing here...? 45 sent you? What the hell is she up to this time?

416: Hnnng—! 45? 9? What are you pouring down my throat... (Gargles)

416: That's... vodka?! And what's the deal with the background music?! Who asked you to play Habanera?!

416: Commander... Why are you holding my hand...

416: I'm about to lose my mind, but you still want to dance with me?

416: This might be the only time I wish I could keep my memories after getting drunk...
Part 126: HK45

Gr HK45: How could the anniversary ball do without my radiant presence?

Gr HK45: ...What are you looking at, Commander? That's right, you're my dance partner.

Gr HK45: Now, don't be shy. Everyone is waiting for us to lead the dance!
Part 127: HK512

512: Hi, Commander! Happy 5th Anniversary!

512: Not only is it your induction anniversary today, there's also a large celebration.

512: At such an important occasion, how can we do without some strong liquor?

512: C'mon, Commander. This barrel of rum is imported and absolutely authentic. It wasn't easy to procure, but I'll give you half of it.

512: What? That's too much? I think it's just the right amount.

512: Don't even think about chickening out. Tonight we can't rest until we're blind drunk!
Part 128: Honey Badger

Honey Badger: Commander, have you seen Pett around? He just slipped away from me and I can't find him anywhere...

Honey Badger: Hm? What's he doing in your arms?

Honey Badger: I see... Pett wanted to bring you to me.

Honey Badger: He can always tell what's on my mind, it's kinda bothersome...
Part 129: Howa Type 64

64 Shiki: Genuine passion is like the morning sun. It keeps consuming fear and darkness.

64 Shiki: Doesn't that sound like a poet's musings, Commander? But it's me, I'm the poet...

64 Shiki: The world may be filled with a frightful amount of unknown mysteries, but with your guidance, I believe one day I will also illuminate your path like the morning sun.
Part 130: Howa Type 89

89 Shiki: Commander, guess what kind of gift I'll be giving you today?

89 Shiki: Tadaa! An onigiri! I made this after doing a ton of research, but since I couldn't get my hands on any preserved plums, I had to substitute them with sugared strawberries!

89 Shiki: Hm? What? Preserved plums are supposed to taste salty...?

89 Shiki: Of... of course I know that, but a present for you has got to be sweet!
Part 131: HP-35

HP-35: How time flies! This is already the fifth anniversary celebration we've had. Look at you, you're getting really good at this.

HP-35: I expected nothing less from my Commander. You handle both life and battle with such grace.

HP-35: But sometimes I do wonder... how wonderful it would feel to go for a ride on my bike while I'm all dressed up for this grand occasion...?

HP-35: Well, Commander? Would you like to join me in the empty park after the celebration?
Part 132: HS.50

HS.50: C-Commander, I've followed everyone's example and put on my most formal dress... A-And I prepared this present...

HS.50: That should be enough, right? Sorry, I'm not too familiar with the customs at Griffin...

HS.50: You look lovely when you smile. Thank you, that's more than enough.

HS.50: Happy Anniversary, Commander!
Part 133: HS2000

HS2000: Commander, may I hold your hand?

HS2000: Hm... It's so warm. Your pulse is like a little rabbit hopping through a field in spring...

HS2000: Commander, please make sure you take care of yourself. Don't let this beautiful heartbeat come to a stop.

HS2000: If you ever feel tired or sad, please tell me all about it. I am always happy to listen to the whispers of your heart...
Part 134: HSM10

HSM10: Hey, Commander! You seem to be in a jolly mood today. Is it because of the anniversary celebration?

HSM10: I also think the day is really well-planned. Such a joyous occasion is meant to be celebrated with one's family!

HSM10: After all, we can only smile so candidly when we're surrounded by such happiness.
Part 135: IDW

IDW: Commander, nyaa. I'm here, right behind you!

IDW: Now I'm on your left~ Tricked you! I'm actually on your right. You really thought I was on your left just because I tapped you on the left shoulder.

IDW: Alright, I'll stop~ Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander! Let's go hunting for canned fish at the celebration, nya~
Part 136: INSAS

INSAS: It's such a joyous day today, so why are you still reading combat reports?

INSAS: You get to spend time with a noble Doll like me, do you have any idea how great an honor that is for you?! It's almost a crime that you're letting this opportunity go to waste!

INSAS: Stop frowning and have a drink with me already...
Part 137: IWS 2000

IWS 2000: Looks like I've made myself useful to everyone this time...

IWS 2000: Thank you for the encouragement, Commander! You actually entrusted such an important task to me...

IWS 2000: Please rely on me more in future operations as well!
Part 138: Jericho

Jericho: I've once heard of a saying.

Jericho: "Having the courage to steal the first torch of fire to light up the dark is what makes one a hero."

Jericho: I don't know what crosses these trailblazers' minds as they look despair right in the eye or if they ever doubt their own ability to shine.

Jericho: But Commander... I firmly believe that heroes will always be backed by the waves that they have stirred up.
Part 139: JS 9

JS 9: It's getting really late, Commander. Even though the celebration is important, you shouldn't give up on precious rest...

JS 9: Hm... You still have matters to attend to? You do seem really busy...

JS 9: Alright then, I'll make an exception just this once and stay with you just a little longer. It's your anniversary celebration, after all. How can I not be around?
Part 140: JS05

JS05: Can you see what's different about me today?

JS05: Not the angle of my bangs, but the luster of my hair! Look at how soft and supple it is. I've been giving it extra careful treatment especially for your anniversary celebration...

JS05: Heheh, if you like it, I can also give your hair the same treatment~
Part 141: K11

K11: How can you do without my expertise in an emergency?

K11: You go on ahead, Commander. I'll tidy up this mess! This is the perfect opportunity to test out the new explosives that I've just developed. These rampaging machines won't stand a...

K11: Relax, they're absolutely safe! Three, two, one...

K11: ...

K11: Hm? My explosives aren't working?

K11: C-Commander, wait for me! Don't leave me behind!
Part 142: K2

K2: I never knew so many Dolls like spicy barbecue!

K2: Heheh... At my brilliant suggestion, spicy barbecue wings have successfully pushed curry off the menu this year and become a staple dish~

K2: Would you like a bite, Commander?
Part 143: K3

K3: As of today, you've been a Griffin Commander for five years. Your hard work over all these years has not gone unnoticed...

K3: I've prepared a bottle of Champagne beforehand for this special day! Now's the time to celebrate!

K3: Oh no! I broke the neck of the bottle... I got too excited at the thought of spending such an important day with you!
Part 144: K31

K31: Right on the dot, Commander. I knew you'd come to the office at this time. Looks like our encounter isn't entirely a coincidence!

K31: Can you sense how the air is buzzing with anticipation? That's only natural. The celebration held in your honor is about to begin, after all.

K31: Now, as always, let me give you a hug! Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander!
Part 145: K5

K5: Aha, the Commander shows up at precisely the predicted time! Looks like my divination came true once again...

K5: Congratulations on your anniversary, Commander! Why don't we take a hint from the Fates and share a dance?

K5: I didn't know you'd be so popular... Well, I don't care. You'll just have to make some time for me!

K5: That's alright, we can dance right here in the hallway in broad daylight. How enchanting that would be, eh?
Part 146: KAC-PDW

K-PDW: There you are, Honey. Don't worry, I have no intention of abducting you this year...

K-PDW: After all, I've tried and failed in the last two years. I've reconciled with the truth and given up on the impractical idea of keeping you all to myself.

K-PDW: It's true! But I've still got to ask you... How do you like the color of the burlap sack that I've chosen for you this year?

K-PDW: Hah! Gotcha, Honey!

K-PDW: Heheh, having learned my lesson from the last two years, I've given up on ambushing you. Instead, I'm just going to do it to your face. Let's see how you can get out of this!

K-PDW: Huh? Hold on, where did all these Dolls come from?!

K-PDW: Y-you... You actually set a trap for me...?!

K-PDW: Humph... I won't give up just like that!

K-PDW: Just you wait till next year!
Part 147: Kar98k

Kar98k: Are you waiting for me, Commander?

Kar98k: Sorry to have kept you waiting. It took me some time to sort out the drunk girls.

Kar98k: I still don't see why this occasion is worth celebrating, but it's not a bad thing that everyone gets a chance to relax and have fun.

Kar98k: You should also do that every now and then, Commander.

Kar98k: Me? Someone has to stay alert at times like this in case of enemy attacks...

Kar98k: Hm, what are you doing? ...Keeping me company through the night? I'm fine with that.

Kar98k: Let's have one last toast. To Griffin and to you, to the night, to the past and to the future.
Part 148: KH2002

KH2002: Humph, Commander, why didn't you like my status about the 5th Anniversary Celebration?

KH2002: You didn't check your phone? Liar, you liked MDR's! The photos we posted were pretty similar...

KH2002: Huh? That wasn't you? It was a scam account impersonating you? Dammit, MDR almost got me!

KH2002: ...Hm, since you happen to be free, why don't you like my status now?
Part 149: KLIN

KLIN: Ha, you came early this year. Learned your lesson from last year, didn't you?

KLIN: Seeing that you show Griffin's no. 1 so much respect, I'll grudgingly wish you a happy anniversary.

KLIN: Also, you know the consequences if you don't cherish this present!
Part 150: Kolibri

Kolibri: Commander... Commander? Can you hear me? Happy 5th Anniversary!

Kolibri: Heheh... Looks like you still can't see where I am. Please look up at the pendant light, that's where my hummingbird drone is...

Kolibri: My little friends have been shadowing you since the moment you woke up today just so I can give you my well wishes when you arrive at your office!

Kolibri: Huh? You want me to refrain from doing this again...?

Kolibri: But I only mobilized my little friends out of concern for you!
Part 151: Kord

Kord: Commander, I don't understand tactics or strategies, nor can I even begin to fathom the darkness of the human heart.

Kord: I'm just your Doll and my only wish is to share your burden.

Kord: So whatever you want to do, just do it. No matter what lies in our path, I will always be by your side.
Part 152: KS-23

KS-23: Thank you for the special arrangement, Commander. We all love the dishes at this table! Sit down and eat with us...

KS-23: I see, then we won't force you. Here's a present from us, please take it!

KS-23: ...Haha, heavy? I'll help you carry it to the command center—just because it's your anniversary!
Part 153: KSG

Am KSG: Thank you for your unwavering trust. As always, I will protect you from crazy Dolls at the celebration tonight.

Am KSG: We had some small mishaps last year, but this time, I've eliminated all dangerous factors beforehand... Combat efficiency always increases with experience, isn't that right?

Am KSG: It's time, let's set off.
Part 154: KSVK

KSVK: Commander, which do you think is more frightening—a journey with no foreseeable end or a plan that has gone awry?

KSVK: The former was once my answer, as how can one muster the will to keep going if there's seemingly no end to the journey?

KSVK: But ever since I joined your ranks, I've stopped being so fixated on seeing the path ahead clearly, because with you by my side, I know you will always lead me forward.

KSVK: Keep forging on fearlessly, Commander! The fight may not be over for a long time, but I will always be with you!
Part 155: L85A1

L85A1: A cuppa as usual, Commander?

L85A1: When I'm with you, even tea smells better.

L85A1: Whoa, C-Commander, why are you leaning in so close?

L85A1: I only ever peek at your reflection on the surface of my tea. Oh, I'm going to pass out...

L85A1: Ah, it's just my glasses fogging up... Thank you for wiping them for me, sorry...

L85A1: Huh? I'm not disappointed. Getting to spend your 5th Anniversary with you... already makes me very happy.
Part 156: Lee-Enfield

Lee Enfield: "Dearest Commander, I would like to offer my deepest respect."

Lee Enfield: ...How should I continue?

Lee Enfield: "In the past year, you have encountered immense challenges, yet you never lost your calm and optimism."

Lee Enfield: ...No, scratch that. These are all pretty obvious to the Commander.

Lee Enfield: "It is my greatest honor to have served you for five years. I will keep being your spear, your shield, your most loyal warrior. I will give you everything I have."

Lee Enfield: ...Is that a bit too forthright?

Lee Enfield: Whoa! Commander, good morning.

Lee Enfield: ...So you heard all that? My letter...

Lee Enfield: No, I don't mind at all! It wasn't exactly formal, but it was still a solemn vow that I made to you.

Lee Enfield: I, Lee Enfield, vow to serve you forever.
Part 157: Lewis

Lewis: Commander, you're definitely the luckiest person tonight!

Lewis: So many beautiful Dolls are showering you with love and blessings the whole night. How I wish I'd also get to experience this...

Lewis: Still, I'm feeling quite content myself.

Lewis: Just being able to stand by your side and gaze at you silently is enough to make me very happy.
Part 158: Liberator

Liberator: If life is a car, then fried chicken is as essential as gas.

Liberator: Since you're always leading us and taking care of us indiscriminately, of course we have to celebrate your anniversary today!

Liberator: Come, Commander. Eat this fried chicken and stay cheerful in the coming days!
Part 159: LS26

LS26: Commander, I've organized your schedule for today.

LS26: At 9am, you will be attending the anniversary military parade. At 10:30am, you will hand out commendations to outstanding Dolls...

LS26: What? We don't have to stick to such a tight schedule? But your anniversary should be quite a solemn occasion, right...?

LS26: Hm, looks like I'm being a workaholic again.

LS26: If that's what you want, I'll just keep you company and relax.
Part 160: LTLX 7000

LTLX7000: Hm...

LTLX7000: Commander, I'm deeply honored that you've invited me to sit with you at such a large celebration...

LTLX7000: If you don't mind, you could do this some other time as well...

LTLX7000: ...Nothing, I'm already very content that I get to spend this important occasion with you.
Part 161: Lusa

Lusa: Hey! Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander!

Lusa: I didn't forget about the celebration this time! Such a lively occasion is as exciting as a soccer match!

Lusa: So please accept this gesture that conveys as much joy as one gets from scoring a goal—

Lusa: Take this flying tackle bear hug, Commander!
Part 162: LWMMG

LWMMG: Oh, Commander. I'm transporting supplies for the 5th Anniversary Celebration.

LWMMG: But look, the number of canned foods, snacks, and desserts that the others have procured far exceeds what we actually need for the celebration, don't you agree?

LWMMG: Huh? You're the one who decided on the quantities? Sorry...

LWMMG: I didn't know we consume so many resources at the base. I will try to be more frugal...
Part 163: M1 Garand

M1 Garand: Commander, the celebration is today.

M1 Garand: Hm... don't mind me. Go on without me, don't keep M1A1 waiting.

M1 Garand: Hm, I just want to spend some time to double-check my appearance, like if my dress is properly zipped up or not.

M1 Garand: What? You're checking it for me? Thank you.

M1 Garand: That said, could you please watch where your hands are going...?
Part 164: M1014

M1014: I just can't shake off the feeling that something's not quite right about the anniversary celebration today... But I haven't found anything out of the ordinary after searching the whole place five times.

M1014: I reckon it's best if I just stay right by your side so that I can at least protect you if anything happens...

M1014: By the way, you're looking extra snazzy today. Happy Anniversary, Commander!
Part 165: M12

M12: Sorry, Commander! My mission tonight is to stand guard at the door and prevent relevant personnel from leaving the celebration early...

M12: What? A crazy Doll is chasing you? No, no, no, even so—

M12: Hm... Alright, I'll make an exception and let you out seeing that the anniversary celebration is held in your honor.
Part 166: M14

M14: Commander, it's almost like a dream that someone like me gets to welcome your 5th Anniversary with you...

M14: There are a lot of stories in which people drift off into sweet dreams and wake up years later.

M14: When I open my eyes... will you also become a white-haired old person?

M14: Stop pinching my cheek, Commander! Ow, ow, ow! Okay, I know I'm not dreaming...
Part 167: M16A1

M16A1: How should one define change? Especially change in beings as complex as human beings or Dolls.

M16A1: The length of one's hair, a cut in one's skin, or perhaps a tear in one's clothes... If we go by such standards, then we are constantly changing.

M16A1: In that case, my answer to your question can only be... Yes, I have changed.

M16A1: However, I have a different way of looking at it.

M16A1: I believe change is relative. There needs to be a frame of reference.

M16A1: The sun's position in the sky is always changing, but compared to its movements yesterday, there isn't actually much change.

M16A1: The Dolls at Griffin are always getting hurt in battles, and they are bound to come back a little different after being repaired, but that doesn't change the fact that they're still your loyal Griffin Dolls.

M16A1: The same goes for me. To you, I will always be the same old M16A1.
Part 168: M1887

M1887: Who'd have thought the culprit behind the Hair Dye Incident two years ago would strike again this year! They almost wrecked the AR Team's highlight hair dyes!

M1887: Looks like the punishment before was too lenient. We must discipline her properly.

M1887: Don't worry, Commander. Please carry on with your celebration... Oh, by the way, Happy Anniversary.
Part 169: M1895

M1895: Oh my, Commander, you're inviting this sack of old bones to be your dance partner?

M1895: Heh~ I can't let the young ones look down on me, can I? Should we get some practice?

M1895: Hm... Commander, uh... Do you mind leaning down a little? I can't reach your shoulder...

M1895: I-I'm standing on tip toes! You're asking too much of an old lady!
Part 170: M1895 CB

M1895 CB: Hello Commander, we're celebrating your 5th Anniversary today.

M1895 CB: This year, I'm giving you an automatic teapot... It will brew you a cup of reinvigorating herbal tea regularly.

M1895 CB: Herbal tea is probably a lot healthier for someone who often works overtime like you compared to coffee and energy drinks...

M1895 CB: You like it? I'm glad! I'll be sure to be even more attentive in the future!
Part 171: M1897

M1897: I was going to attend the celebration with you, Commander, but my sister asked me to help with capturing the perpetrator again...

M1897: P7 is such a pain in the ass! I haven't been able to watch the others' talent show performances in the past two—no, three years because of her!

M1897: Phew... We've really gotta teach her a lesson this time! Wait for our good news, Commander!
Part 172: M1911

M1911: It's been five years since our first encounter, Darling. It's really a dream-come-true that I still get to gaze at you like this right now! ♡

M1911: Still, I'm sure you have more use for more advanced and powerful T-Dolls than me, yeah?

M1911: If one day, you don't need me by your side anymore, I'll still support you quietly with love and devotion...

M1911: Huh? You need me? You really do? I mean more to you than just a weapon on the battlefield...?

M1911: (Sobs) I'm so lucky! Darling, prepare to be showered with more and more love from me! ♪
Part 173: M1918

M1918: The 5th Anniversary Celebration? Hm, I don't think I'll be going. You've invited the others anyway, right?

M1918: Oh? Getting mad? I was obvious just kidding.

M1918: I've started preparing for the celebration and your present since long ago.

M1918: I promised you I'd always be super duper serious about things that concern you!
Part 174: M1919A4

M1919A4: It's me, Commander, not a canned food monster!

M1919A4: I've moved all the canned food for the 5th anniversary here. There are so many they just completely obscure me from view.

M1919A4: Hey, I didn't steal any for myself! I won't forget that my favorite canned food is meant to be shared with my favorite Commander!
Part 175: M1A1

M1A1: Are you sleepy, Commander?

M1A1: Hm... Both you and Garand have been exhausted lately. You should rest up properly today.

M1A1: I'll wake you when the celebration is about to begin...

M1A1: Hm, I'd love to make myself even more useful to you two...
Part 176: M200

M200: Hello, Commander. I'll be in charge of filming the celebration this year. Right now I'm preparing to interview you for the special edit...

M200: Why isn't anyone else helping? That's because... the exclusive interview is so important only an expert can work on it.

M200: Please don't misunderstand! Th-there's nothing more to it... That's right, just trying to preserve some precious moments...
Part 177: M21

M21: Hello, Commander. Happy 5th Anniversary!

M21: I'm not the same old M21 you knew—I actually came third in the Griffin Joke-Telling Competition!

M21: Many contestants were there? ...Don't sweat the small details.

M21: Anyway, I'll be showing off my exceptional joke-telling skills on stage later during the celebration!

M21: But if nobody laughs at my jokes, I might just burst out crying on the spot...

M21: So please do me a favor, Commander?
Part 178: M249 SAW

FF M249SAW: Morning, Commander... Happy 5th Anniversary...

FF M249SAW: Hm... why do you keep staring at my body pillow? Do you want one too?

FF M249SAW: If you don't mind, you can use me as a body pillow tonight since I'm also quite fluffy...

FF M249SAW: So, can I just lie down in bed now? I'll have to give the celebration a miss...

FF M249SAW: Huh? I can't? Alright, then promise me you'll let me get off work early today...
Part 179: M26-MASS

M26-MASS: Hiya, Commander. The pizzas being served at the celebration are really bland, so I've cut up some mangos and pineapples. Wanna...

M26-MASS: Huh? Why am I feeling a murderous presence? How strange...

M26-MASS: Nevermind, I'll keep the fruits to myself. I look forward to sharing some American pizza with you next time...
Part 180: M2HB

M2HB: Since you're here, I'll get out of bed. I can always just come back to bed once you're gone.

M2HB: The 5th Anniversary Celebration? Sounds tiring. I'm not going, not even if there's transport.

M2HB: Hm... Seeing that you're driving me there yourself, I'll go. But let me sleep a bit longer...
Part 181: M3

M3: Commander... It's been five years... It's one thing that I don't get a raise... but why has my salary shrunk?! (Sobs)

M3: I'm not drunk... I just had a bit of alcohol to steel my nerves...

M3: Huh? This isn't my salary? So I'm not even given a salary at all...? Does this mean you and everyone else in Griffin have no more use for me? (Sobs)

M3: Hm? This is... my bonus? And I'm also getting a raise... on top of this?

M3: Really? Commander... thank you for the acknowledgment...

M3: I will work even harder to live up to my pay grade...
Part 182: M37

M37: My appearance has finally garnered your attention, Commander?

M37: ...I knew you'd choose the best outfit for me. After all, I've always been quite confident about my figure...

M37: Then I'll go get ready! Remember to wait for me in the backstage area after the celebration, and we'll go to the after party together!
Part 183: M4 SOPMOD II

M4 SOPMOD II: Hush... Commander, come over here! I'm going to tell you a little secret!

M4 SOPMOD II: SOP-II Jr. told me about this. She once sneaked out of the base, then at the zoo—

M4 SOPMOD II: Yes, I know that's not allowed, but let me finish first!

M4 SOPMOD II: Then at the zoo, she met a pack of wolves and became friends with them!

M4 SOPMOD II: Jr. told me that when wolves have something to celebrate, they make this "awoo" sound.

M4 SOPMOD II: C'mon, do with it me!

M4 SOPMOD II: AWOOOOOOOO!

M4 SOPMOD II: Apparently, people who "awoo" together will get to celebrate together again next year!
Part 184: m45

m45: Good morning, Commander. The celebration is still quite some time away, so why don't you sleep a bit longer?

m45: Oh, you caught the aroma of bread? Since the cat is now out of the bag, please enjoy while they're still hot~

m45: Heheh. ♪ There are five buns altogether, all with different fillings, each representing my feelings for you in each year. I hope you can taste them...
Part 185: M4A1

M4A1: We have spent yet another year together.

M4A1: Though I haven't actually been by your side for long during the past year, I'm still very content.

M4A1: Thanks to the ample storage space in my neural cloud, I can preserve all my memories of you clearly and peruse them whenever I want.

M4A1: I hear that for most humans, memories tend to grow fuzzier as time goes by. They could also become embellished or distorted.

M4A1: I'd love to experience reliving embellished memories, but I suppose that's impossible for Dolls...

M4A1: The data stored in our neural clouds are always crystal clear and leave no room for imagination—

M4A1: At least, that's what I used to believe.

M4A1: As you know, up till recently, I myself am not too certain where exactly I am. But while I'm in the void, I heard your voice.

M4A1: It was so clear, it's as if you were standing right next to me, giving me commands like you've done countless times, analyzing the battle situation calmly and giving me a direction to charge in.

M4A1: At that moment, I suddenly understood that was imagination as Dolls experience it.

M4A1: Through the time we've spent together day and night, I've conjured up a "Commander" that is always with me as an eternal bastion, pulling me out of my despair, pointing me in the right direction.

M4A1: This only makes me long for the days we spent fighting side-by-side, but right now, it's enough.

M4A1: I hope we will finally reunite in the near future. I hope I will be able to be by your side in the flesh at the next anniversary celebration.
Part 186: M500

M500: Phew... We made it! Commander, here's some wild game that Dowel and I just hunted! We're just about to take it to the kitchen to be made into a feast!

M500: Heheh, and here's a roast chicken...

M500: You'd better keep it hidden. I saved this especially for you. Not even Dowel has had a sniff!

M500: Happy Anniversary, Commander!

Dowel: Woof!
Part 187: M590

M590: Commander, do excuse those drunk Dolls' behavior. They were just happy for you...

M590: Being on security duty at the celebration? It's my honor to serve everyone...

M590: I'd better get back to work, see you later!
Part 188: M6 ASW

M6 ASW: While we revel in the gentle music here, somewhere in the world, people are fearfully counting the number of missiles going off around them...

M6 ASW: The louder the laughter at this celebration, the clearer it is to me just how difficult it is to preserve this peace.

M6 ASW: Thank you for this safe haven that you've given us for five years. Your efforts will not be go unrepaid.

M6 ASW: At the very least, I will give my life for you...
Part 189: M60

M60: Mhmm, today is your 5th anniversary, alright, but that's no excuse for you to ditch our training, Commander.

M60: That's right, you'll only keep your winning streak if you stay fit.

M60: Is that all you think I have to say to you today? While you do have to train, I also want to wish you a happy 5th Anniversary!
Part 190: M82

FI M82: Unbelievable... We've actually made it to the fifth year, Commander. We have your prudence to thank for all our victories and achievements!

FI M82: So just relax and enjoy the celebration today. I'll keep an eye on any potential danger!

FI M82: Huh...? There won't be an attack today? Commander, have you heard of Murphy's Laws? I will never risk your personal safety.

FI M82: After all, I'm not just protecting myself here, I'm also fighting for you with everything I've got!
Part 191: M82A1

M82A1: I once found the notion of worshipping someone extremely laughable. How could a mere mortal hope to compare to real deities?

M82A1: But it's different when it comes to you, Commander. Perhaps God has really imbued life with some divinity.

M82A1: Aspirations, passion, sincerity, a strong will that does not waver in the face of great difficulties... It is my greatest fortune to follow you and be guided by you.

M82A1: Please keep showing me the way in the future.
Part 192: M870

M870: You'd better be careful today. Don't let me catch you breaking any rules on your anniversary.

M870: The holidays are always the best time for issuing tickets, you know...? Heheh.

M870: Though if you've got soda water with you, I might consider reducing your fine. What do you think, Commander?
Part 193: M9

M9: Commander, I knew you would vote for me~ I'm positively radiant, after all~

M9: I'm much cuter than that old hag M1911!

M9: I'll claim my throne as the most popular Doll for the fifth year running, heheh! ♪
Part 194: M950A

M950A: Commander, you will come to our band's performance at the 5th Anniversary Celebration, won't you?

M950A: Humph, I knew I always come first in your heart.

M950A: I've saved you a front-row seat. Make sure you watch us carefully.

M950A: Everything I want to say to you will be in the song...

M950A: It-it's nothing cheesy or embarrassing, so don't get your hopes up...
Part 195: M99

M99: Thanks to your special guidance, I can tell that I've improved tremendously in the past year...

M99: Heheh, you think so too, Commander? Thank you so much for your acknowledgment!

M99: Here's a little something from me... Please keep giving me pointers!
Part 196: MAC-10

Ingram: Oh, Commander. Happy 5th Anniversary!

Ingram: I just came back from a battlefield full of thrills. I could've spent more time playing with them if I hadn't had to rush back for the celebration. It's been a while since I last encountered such a challenge...

Ingram: Let me get a change of clothes first. I'll tell you all about it later!
Part 197: MAG-7

MAG-7: Commander, you're so mean! How dare you drag all my gamer friends away using the anniversary celebration as an excuse...?!

MAG-7: Humph, if you want to make it up to me, you'd better play 100 games with me.

MAG-7: Huh? You agreed to it so readily? Just to make it clear, I won't let you win just because it's your special day today.
Part 198: Magal

Magal: On a night of ferocious downpour, having an acute sense of hearing is a hindrance, as the thunder and howling winds can be particularly frightful...

Magal: But if one has a friend who will hold their hands in this time of difficulty, one can make it through no matter how scary it gets, don't you think?

Magal: Which is why, Commander... I am very grateful for your company. Please allow me to keep observing this world full of unknowns and uncertainties together with you...
Part 199: Makarov

Makarov: Are you also putting me in charge of organizing the celebration this year, Commander?

Makarov: Time is a bit short, but as long as everyone follows my plan there shouldn't be a problem.

Makarov: Regarding the job allocation, I've already discussed it with a few Dolls beforehand.

Makarov: After all, you had no reason not to appoint me as the organizer again this year. I have absolute faith in the fact that you have faith in me.

Makarov: I will put on the best celebration we've ever had at Griffin. Please look forward to it.
Part 200: MAS-38

MAS-38: Hello, Commander. I think I'm late again by a few minutes today... but I've brought your present. I hope that's enough to make up for it.

MAS-38: This is an ecosystem ball that I made all by myself. All the materials came from the garden outside the base.

MAS-38: This isolated realm is still connected to our natural world...

MAS-38: In a sense, I have given you an intricate microcosm of the world... Isn't that romantic, Commander?
Part 201: MAT-49

MAT-49: No matter how strong a knight is, there are only so many people they can protect.

MAT-49: Which is why in order to become the most stalwart protector, one must learn how to make difficult choices—a lesson as important as understanding justice.

MAT-49: But the answer has been extremely clear to me from the very start...

MAT-49: Because I believe that saving you will always prevent more painful tragedies!
Part 202: MDR

MDR: Yo, Commander, do you know what the current top ranking post on Grifchan is saying?

MDR: "I'm betting a month's worth of salary that the Commander's anniversary speech will begin with, 'Esteemed Mr. Kryuger...'"

MDR: Heheh, I don't want my spotlight stolen by some pleb. Now take this new speech and hold it up in front of your chest so that I can take a pic—say cheese!

MDR: Yay! Time to get the popcorn out!
Part 203: MG3

MG3: Stop staring at me, Commander! I'm still not used to this new body at all...

MG3: Besides, my cumbersome load seems to have become even more cumbersome, and it looks super conspicuous in this outfit!

MG3: I know my determination and ability to protect you have nothing to do with my clothes or my chest, but it just feels so weird!

MG3: Huh? My behavior seems to suggest embarrassment?

MG3: ...That's even weirder! These external features shouldn't matter to me at all!

MG3: Or do I actually care what you think of me...?
Part 204: MG338

MG338: Good morning, Commander.

MG338: Is it going to be a challenging day? You seem a little nervous to me.

MG338: I'm mistaken? Now you appear even more nervous.

MG338: ...Sorry, I should refrain from probing your emotional state. Humans don't tend to like that, do you?

MG338: Hm, you don't mind it?

MG338: ...Oh, so you're nervous because you want to invite me to attend the celebration with you? It would be my honor, Commander.
Part 205: MG34

MG34: Commander, Happy 5th Anniversary~

MG34: Even though the celebration is today, I still attended my training in the morning. After all, I need to keep myself in tip-top form every single day.

MG34: As for 42, there's no need to be so strict with her. Just let her sleep in.

MG34: By the way, would you like to attend the celebration together later?
Part 206: MG36

Gr MG36: Commander, our beautiful blue planet has already completed five revolutions around the sun since you joined Griffin...

Gr MG36: This may be very insignificant in the vast expanse of the universe, but for insignificant lifeforms like us, such a long period of time is enough to accumulate an abundance of lovely memories...

Gr MG36: May Griffin persevere and thrive like the earthlings' resilient civilization under your leadership...
Part 207: MG4

Gr MG4: Huh? Why are you talking to me?

Gr MG4: Is there a dirt stain on my clothes? Or have I done something wrong?

Gr MG4: Oh... I see. Thank you, Commander. I hope you'll have a good time at the celebration too.
Part 208: MG42

MG42: La-la-la, Commander, the 5th Anniversary Celebration is gonna take place soon~

MG42: I haven't seen 34 since early this morning, I thought she'd gone to the celebration with you and didn't bring me along.

MG42: Whoa, you want to go with me? Can I really come with you?

MG42: Then can I also bring my sister? I'll go tell her! I'm sure she'll be really happy!
Part 209: MG5

Gr MG5: I've had five years of tempering, five years of glory, all thanks to our intertwined fates.

Gr MG5: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander. My strength will continue to be at your disposal.

Gr MG5: I must return to my training. Please look after my companions.
Part 210: Micro Uzi

Micro Uzi: Good morning, Commander.

Micro Uzi: Don't get the wrong idea, I'm not waiting to go to the celebration with you!

Micro Uzi: I just wanted to ask you about something...

Micro Uzi: Do I look nice today? ...Why are you suddenly talking about that?! I was hoping you'd say...

Micro Uzi: Humph, so you DO know what I want to hear. Have I really become stronger this year?

Micro Uzi: Tsk, forget I asked! Nothing you say will make me waver...

Micro Uzi: I won't slow anyone down, not even you!
Part 211: Mk 12

Mk12: Since everyone else has said it, I won't waste my breath wishing you a "Happy Anniversary" and whatnot.

Mk12: I just want to tell you that life is short, you should strike a balance between work and leisure and make sure you get enough rest.

Mk12: Just leave the fighting to me. After all, what can be more meaningful than giving one's life for a higher cause?
Part 212: Mk23

Gr Mk23: Darling, Happy 5th Anniversary! ♡

Gr Mk23: Do you have any special wishes today? I will grant them all.

Gr Mk23: You're happy just staring into my eyes right now? I thought you'd be a bit more greedy...

Gr Mk23: Maybe I'm actually the greedy one?
Part 213: MK3A1

MK3A1: Happy 5th Anniversary.
Part 214: Mk46

Mk46: It's a little troublesome, but I suppose it's kinda compulsory that I say something nice to you at your anniversary celebration...

Mk46: Well, Happy Anniversary, and I wish you all the best! Also, here are some little gifts... I just so happen to have them with me, so just take them.

Mk46: Hm... You're right, they're my favorite pillows and chewing gum. I'm glad you like them.
Part 215: Mk48

Mk48: What a splendid celebration... Commander, how about a drinking contest?

Mk48: You don't dare? Humph~ The Commander I know isn't such a scaredy-cat.

Mk48: Or have you already made plans with some other Dolls? Unluckily for you, I won't let you off the hook so easily...
Part 216: Model L

Model L: Whoaaaa! I'm gonna fall!!

Model L: Phew... I'm okay! Thank you, Commander!

Model L: I went up the roof to retrieve this lantern that got blown away by the wind, but I had a little accident, heheh...

Model L: What are the lanterns for? For celebrating your anniversary at Griffin, of course!

Model L: The base will look all decked out tonight, so make sure you get a good look!

Model L: I'm getting back to work. See you tonight, Commander! I hope you'll have fun!
Part 217: Mondragon

Mondragon M1908: Commander, why are you sitting here? The side tables are reserved for the Dolls, so please move back to the central table, where only the most esteemed guest can sit...

Mondragon M1908: Laws and regulations are immutable axioms. A military officer like you should make a good example among your soldiers and preserve your dignity.

Mondragon M1908: You... still refuse to care about such trifles?

Mondragon M1908: That's alright... In that case, let me fend off anyone who may overstep their bounds for you.
Part 218: Mosin-Nagant

Mosin-Nagant: Commander, I'm so very happy to celebrate your 5th anniversary with you~

Mosin-Nagant: Hahaha, I thank you in my heart every time I head into battle. Thank you for giving me the chance to prove my pedigree and the chance to restore peace for everyone.

Mosin-Nagant: In the five years that I've spent with you, I have established a lot of precious bonds.

Mosin-Nagant: Once again, thank you. Let us enjoy this year's anniversary celebration~

Mosin-Nagant: Cheers!
Part 219: MP-443

MP-443: This is my anniversary gift for you.

MP-443: I hear that if you store lucky stars in a jar and make a wish, the wish will come true...

MP-443: Haha, you won't be able to move this jar. All the stars inside are made of rocks.

MP-443: I like collecting them and chiseling them into the shapes I want.

MP-443: Don't these look like stars to you, Commander?

MP-443: To be polished and treasured by a beloved master... Nothing can be happier than that, don't you think?
Part 220: MP-446

MP-446: Woop! Here comes the Viking!

MP-446: Commander, you've been a Viking with me for five whole years! It's been fun, hasn't it?

MP-446: Same here! Let us turn this celebration into a Viking party, heheh!
Part 221: MP-448

MP-448: I don't understand. There is clearly a much shorter path that goes from the hall to the command center, so why are you going the long way?

MP-448: ...Crazy Dolls, you say? Humph, can't we just knock them out?

MP-448: ...Well, since you're so adamant about not hurting them, I suppose we'll have to bear with it. There's a small passageway here. I'll help you make an inconspicuous escape.

MP-448: Make sure you come up with a solution for this kind of problem next year!
Part 222: MP40

MP40: Oh, Commander?

MP40: Why aren't you at the celebration? Everyone has prepared lots of surprises for you.

MP40: Huh? You're here for me? But... I have to patrol the grounds.

MP40: It's alright, thanks for the gesture. It's a shame that I can't be at the celebration, but it is my duty to keep everyone safe.

MP40: I should go to the celebration with you to keep you safe? Well, your safety is naturally a top priority...

MP40: But is that really okay? (Sobs) Thank you, Commander!
Part 223: MP41

MP41: In my notebook, I have noted thirty two cases of destructive behavior and forty six cases of abnormal reports, 50% of which were from enemies on the battlefield.

MP41: Commander, w-why do you look so surprised?! Of course, the best inspector would have her eyes on her enemies!

MP41: I pay attention to even the most insignificant and trivial details!
Part 224: MP5

Gr MP5: Huh, you spotted me, Commander?

Gr MP5: It looks like I've grown taller, and that's why it's getting more difficult to hide~

Gr MP5: Heheh, I'm no longer a child in other respects as well.

Gr MP5: I've been training like mad just to become a mature Doll that you can rely more on! You can see the result, right?

Gr MP5: Oh, you want to reward me for my effort? Hm... Then could you please pass me the cake on that counter?

Gr MP5: Don't laugh... Next year! Next year, I'll definitely be able to reach it!
Part 225: MP7

Gr MP7: It's been five years, Caretaker. Are you finally able to keep up with this genius?

Gr MP7: Huh? You want a reward? Hm... You want my candy?

Gr MP7: And you still say it's not sour? Your face is all scrunched up...
Part 226: MPK

MPK: Whoosh— Bam!

MPK: Oops, did I scare you again, Commander?

MPK: This is a landing technique that I just came up with. It's inspired by your movements! Pretty cool, huh?

MPK: Hehe... Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander! Please keep taking care of me and my sis!
Part 227: MPL

MPL: I've been informed that it's your 5th Anniversary Celebration today, but I didn't expect a newcomer like me would also be invited to take part in the festivities... I'm not sure if I deserve the honor.

MPL: Are you trying to help me fit in with the community, or do you want us to get to know each other better?

MPL: ...If it's the latter, you don't have to worry at all, because I'm far more curious about you than you can ever know...
Part 228: MT-9

MT-9: My performance at the talent show this year was even better than last year, you say?

MT-9: ...I'm so glad to hear it! I've been practicing for a really long time, and I finally got your recognition!

MT-9: Thank you, Commander! I'll work even harder next year!
Part 229: Negev

Negev: It's been five years, Commander. Do you think there's anything I can improve on as a team leader?

Negev: Humph, I'm not asking you for advice. I just think it's a good idea to exchange ideas with you since you're a pretty competent commander.

Negev: ...I haven't suffered any recent defeats. I'm not here to be comforted.

Negev: Oh? I'm an expert in both combat and leadership...? You do have an eye for such things.

Negev: But I know that it's also thanks to having the best teammates in the world... and the best Commander.
Part 230: NS2000

NS2000: For some reason, curry didn't make the cut at the vote for dishes to be served at the celebration this year...

NS2000: (Sobs) Commander, did you also vote against curry?

NS2000: That's a relief. I'm glad you don't hate curry! Then when it's all over, I'll take you to the kitchen and give you a taste of my home-cooked curry, how about that?
Part 231: NTW-20

NTW-20: You've fallen into my trap, Commander.

NTW-20: You really are the calmest prey I've seen. You're still reading your paperwork after you got captured... Maybe I should thank you for trusting me so much?

NTW-20: As the star of the celebration, you shouldn't work overtime today. Everyone is waiting for you.

NTW-20: Hm? If you want some time alone with me... let's go for a drive after the celebration.

NTW-20: Don't worry, I'll drive more slowly this time. I still remember your scream last year...
Part 232: NZ75

NZ75: Yo, Commander. You're as plainly dressed as always!

NZ75: Why don't you gear up at such an important anniversary celebration?

NZ75: Humph, I'll lend you this neckerchief begrudgingly... Make sure you put your best foot forward!
Part 233: OBR

OBR: Commander, we're not expected to give any cash gifts when attending the anniversary celebration, are we?

OBR: Phew... That's a relief, so I don't have to worry about getting into even more debt!

OBR: Actually... Uh... My financial situation still hasn't improved much.

OBR: Thank you for your concern, Commander! I'll keep working hard to get out of poverty this year!
Part 234: OTs-12

OTs-12: Commander, the celebration has been going on for a while, it's finally time for this secret weapon to make her entrance, right?!

OTs-12: Huh? It's not time yet? I see, then I'm the grand finale, right?

OTs-12: Okay, I'll wait patiently! Please cue me when it's actually time, Commander. Don't forget like you did last year...
Part 235: OTs-14

OTs-14: Oh? You want to know how I stay sober during parties? How surprising.

OTs-14: I didn't find your behavior unseemly last year, Commander. In fact, I got to see your fragile side thanks to the alcohol.

OTs-14: Since it's a special night that comes only once every year, just focus on having a good time...

OTs-14: After all, I will probably have to wait another year for the next time you hold my hand.
Part 236: OTs-39

OTs-39: I don't expect to be the most radiant one at the anniversary celebration, but I also don't want to see myself hiding in a corner, overlooked and forgotten.

OTs-39: How about a dance, Commander? You will remember the time we spend dancing together, right?

OTs-39: Thank you, you always show us such concern... Happy Anniversary!
Part 237: OTs-44

OTs-44: Everyone line up to give your gifts, but don't push...

OTs-44: Commander, I can't hold them back anymore, please take refuge outside the door and leave this to me!

OTs-44: Right, my gift is under the table, don't forget to take it!
Part 238: P08

P08: Commander, why have you summoned me...?

P08: What's so special about today? Of course I remember. Today marks the fifth anniversary of the day we started fighting side-by-side. It is an unparalleled honor for me.

P08: I look forward to another year with you, Commander.
Part 239: P22

P22: Let's simulate a call with the Commander this time and ask them the question that I can never bring myself to ask...

P22: Commander, do you know that I've always—

P22: Aha, coordinates of the eavesdropper confirmed.

P22: Who could it be? Let me uncover you.
Part 240: P226

P226: As an elite T-Doll, presents I give out will never disappoint...

P226: What? Why is the present from M9 so huge?!

P226: Hold on, Commander. I'll go and get you something even bigger! I'll definitely make it before the end of the celebration!
Part 241: P30

P30: Com! Man! Der! You arrived 30 seconds later than I expected! That's gross negligence of your duty! I'm super mad at you!

P30: You want to make up for it? Humph... The only way to do that is to accept my invitation to dinner tonight.

P30: Look forward to your present. It's your precious anniversary, after all!
Part 242: P38

P38: I'm ready! Let's go, Commander!

P38: I can't believe the Commander actually agreed to make an appearance as a special guest! The special program for the 5th Anniversary Celebration will definitely go down well!

P38: Oh, but then, will my fans end up becoming the Commander's fans instead? Hm...
Part 243: P7

P7: Don't be so jumpy around me, Commander~

P7: I've made you some chocolate loaded with love for your 5th Anniversary, but you won't even give it a try? You're breaking my heart.

P7: Nope, I didn't put any hair dye in it this time, it's all edible. After all, I don't dare to mess with M1887 again...

P7: Oh, you're still not eating it? That's alright, FF FNC will be here soon, and she surely won't be able to resist the temptation with that sweet tooth of hers.

P7: Hey, FNC! The Commander has some delicious chocolate!

P7: Heheh, I knew you'd eat the chocolate for FF FNC. Tastes pretty good, right?

P7: Geeeee~ I might've accidentally spilled several spoonfuls of chili powder into the chocolate. You won't blame me, will you, Commander? The restroom is right that way...
Part 244: P90

???: "Commander, thanks for the hard work today. Would you like a cup of coffee?"

???: Huh? Miss Springfield wouldn't have covered your eyes?

P90: Hm... Looks like I'll have to take my subjects' habits into consideration when impersonating them.

P90: In any case, today is a special day. The surprise was a bit ruined, but I still wish you a happy 5th anniversary!
Part 245: P99

P99: Commander, it's very reassuring to see you prepping for your anniversary speech so earnestly.

P99: All the Dolls at Griffin have a lot of faith in you for good reason.

P99: ...You're feeling a little nervous? Don't worry, no matter what you say, we will always support you as we've always done.
Part 246: PA-15

The slightly messy office is stacked full of files and documents. The Commander thinks it might be a good idea to do some stretching before they finally start going through them...

But just then, a warm breath coils lightly and lazily around their neck...

PA-15: Com... man... der... I'd like to wish you a happy 5th Anniversary...

PA-15: Hm... Looks like I didn't startle you this time... Or have you gotten used to being approached this way?

PA-15: Then, as a reward, how about a more stimulating game? Just for today, eh...?
Part 247: PK

PK: Please don't come any closer, Commander.

PK: You're the center of attention in all of Griffin today, and I'd appreciate it if you'd just let me enjoy my solitude.

PK: I look forward to reuniting with you as fellow loners. When that happens, I will give you my good wishes in secret... just you and me.
Part 248: PKP

PKP: I must say, your speech was absolutely perfect. Even I couldn't help but feel just a little bit moved.

PKP: ...What, can't you tell how sincere I was in my praise?

PKP: Oh alright, Happy Anniversary, Commander. As long as I'm with you, you will be invincible no matter what the future has in store for you.
Part 249: PM-06

PM-06: Wow! Are all the red curtains and decorations in the hall prepared for me?

PM-06: It's alright, even if you don't want to admit it, I'm feeling all excited already...

PM-06: Don't go yet, Commander! Let's open a bottle of red wine to celebrate your anniversary!
Part 250: PM-9

PM-9: Commander, how has work been treating you this year? You seem to have learned a thing or two.

PM-9: I knew you'd never fail to surprise us.

PM-9: Hm... Should we have a little spar in the boxing ring after work? A casual but exciting boxing match can do wonders in helping you blow off some steam!
Part 251: PM1910

PM1910: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander! What a night!

PM1910: My clothes are all torn and tattered? That's fine. While having an arm-wrestling match with some of the other Dolls, I came up against a cheater, so I... had a little extra workout.

PM1910: Don't worry, I didn't go overboard. It was just a small tussle, haha.

PM1910: You've rarely seen me so happy? You're right, this is the first time I've socialized properly with everyone. I've made a lot of friends.

PM1910: What about you, Commander? You just look exhausted.

PM1910: Come, let me help you make a getaway! Climb up and sit behind me, and you can leave all your troubles behind.

PM1910: Even you have to relax every now and then.
Part 252: PP-19

PP-19: Yo, Commander, I did a pretty good job as a venue security guard, didn't I?

PP-19: I listened to you and stuck with my post patiently...

PP-19: Oh right, Happy Anniversary, Commander! Please just take this present, no need to thank me!
Part 253: PP-19-01

PP-19-01: You actually kept the old dictionary I'd given you... but this edition is already outdated.

PP-19-01: Here! This is the latest edition that I bought just a few days ago. It'll make the perfect anniversary present for you!

PP-19-01: I hope you'll never lose sight of your goal as you write your new chapter!
Part 254: PP-2000

PP-2000: Commander, what is my mission at the 5th Anniversary Celebration?

PP-2000: Huh? Just enjoy myself?

PP-2000: (Sighs) I'm still not strong enough to gain your recognition...

PP-2000: I'm reading too much into it? ...In any case, I hope the Commander and everyone else will trust me more in the coming year!
Part 255: PP-90

PP-90: Commander, this is a special cake that I've baked you for your fifth anniversary... I look forward to your critique.

PP-90: Don't worry, I was in really good shape when I made it.

PP-90: Uh, that said, I'm still super nervous. So what do you think, Commander?

PP-90: Woohoo! Thanks for the encouragement! I'm so happy!
Part 256: PPD-40

PPD-40: Look at this cheap cutlery, Commander. If I had been in charge of procurement, the whole celebration would have been a lot more high-class.

PPD-40: For example, that triple gold-plated chandelier hanging above the hall...

PPD-40: You think the hall looks nice with these electronic instruments? Hm, if that's to your taste, I'll try to be more understanding.
Part 257: PPK

PPK: Hehe, are you ready, Commander? ♪ I've prepared a lot of stuff for today.

PPK: It's your 5th Anniversary, don't you want to experience some sweet, blissful pain? You'll want to relive it for a whole year...

PPK: Oh? So impatient already? You're getting me... all excited as well.

PPK: Huh? How is this surprising? Of course a shoulder massage will hurt. It means you need more rest.

PPK: I see... You're thinking about something naughty, aren't you?
Part 258: PPQ

PPQ: What should you do if you're surrounded by crazy Dolls? Well, keep calm and improvise, of course.

PPQ: ...What, are you in trouble? Humph, so it's just a drill.

PPQ: If you want, I can keep a tight leash on them at the celebration...

PPQ: By the way, would you like a slice of bread? It's seasoned with 99.95% sodium chloride. I think you will like the neat and simple flavor.
Part 259: PPS-43

PPS-43: Has the celebration not begun yet? Stop wasting our time.

PPS-43: Commander, what are you looking at?

PPS-43: ...Isn't that the picture frame that I gave you last year? You've kept it the whole time?

PPS-43: Why don't you take a photo with me and Papasha together, since we're free anyway?

PPS-43: Then we'll have some new memories for every year.
Part 260: PPSh-41

PPSh-41: Ура! Ура! Today is your 5th Anniversary, Commander!

PPSh-41: Our comrades have already gone to the celebration venue, we should head over there too!

PPSh-41: Huh? Why are you carrying me? Will we get there faster this way?

PPSh-41: Please put me down. I'm not heavy, but still...
Part 261: PSG-1

Gr PSG-1: Commander, do you have any other special plans tonight after the 5th Anniversary Celebration?

Gr PSG-1: Huh? You want to visit the Dolls at their dorms? Will you also come to my room...?

Gr PSG-1: I see, then please give me some time to tidy up...

Gr PSG-1: My room is very neat, it'll only take a few minutes, I promise!
Part 262: PSM

PSM: Phew... It felt awful being crushed in the crowd, didn't it...? We agreed on something for once.

PSM: Hush... This is my favorite secret spot. I'll allow you to stay and watch the moon with me...

PSM: Happy Anniversary, Commander.
Part 263: PTRD

PTRD: Commander, you look rather gloomy. Is something bothering you?

PTRD: You're still concerned about the situation on the frontlines? ...I was spot on, eh?

PTRD: Hm? Why can I always tell what's on your mind?

PTRD: Because I'm always watching your micro-expressions... It's too complicated to explain it in detail though.

PTRD: I hope you'll cheer up. At least enjoy the celebration today.
Part 264: Px4 Storm

Px4 Storm: Chief, your desk is stacked full of presents from the Dolls... It looks like quite a haul this year.

Px4 Storm: If you need someone to help you sort through and organize them, I'm happy to help.

Px4 Storm: However... I may need a little bonus to work more efficiently. What do you think?
Part 265: Python

Python: You came looking for me again, Commander? You don't seem to realize that you're "prey".

Python: Still, I don't plan on hunting such interesting prey any time soon.

Python: Five years? That's hardly enough time. I would very much like to observe you for longer.

Python: Feel free to stay by my side while I watch you.

Python: You are my prey. If anyone dares lay a finger on you, I will strangle them all.
Part 266: PzB 39

PzB39: Who would've known you're so frugal, Commander? You're even wearing the same outfit to the anniversary celebration as you did last year.

PzB39: That's not really a compliment, mind you. I'm reminding you to observe proper etiquette.

PzB39: ...I had this outfit made especially for you. Please put it on and attend the celebration in style!
Part 267: QBU-88

QBU-88: Commander, do you remember what's so special about today?

QBU-88: That's right, Happy 5th Anniversary!

QBU-88: My present for you this time is an embroidery of our Griffin family! It took me a long time to embroider everyone's face, stitch by stitch.

QBU-88: You are right in the center because it's all thanks to you that our family gets to be safe and happy!
Part 268: QBZ-191

QBZ-191: Unidentified enemies approaching... Leave your back to me!

QBZ-191: ...Heh, that was a pretty good performance, eh? From what I've heard, you also yearn to make such strong and passionate bonds. Why don't we make a grand escape from the anniversary celebration together?

QBZ-191: ...

QBZ-191: Hey, I can't take this anymore! Stop touching my special antennae!
Part 269: QSB-91

QSB-91: Happy 5th Anniversary, Boss!

QSB-91: Everybody is really hyped today, I feel like I should also show off a few tricks to keep the mood going!

QSB-91: I can sing, dance, juggle... Or do you want to know the nifty secret of how to never get drunk at a party?

QSB-91: I can provide all these services completely free of charge, just because you're the best boss in the world!
Part 270: R5

R5: Commander, would you like to listen to my original rock song this year as well?

R5: Please don't misunderstand, rock n' roll isn't just about roaring passion or fiery madness.

R5: In fact, a good musician should be able to convey all kinds of emotions with their instruments, even tender sentimentality.

R5: For example, this particular score is filled with expectations of you and my outlook for the future...
Part 271: R93

R93: Commander, sometimes I think luck may be a lot more profound and unfathomable than one would think. If you get more luck in one aspect, you may get less in another...

R93: Still, I think my luck has gone to all the right things, because the day I met you was the most unforgettable day of my life.

R93: May such peaceful times last, and I hope I can keep journeying with you in years to come!
Part 272: Rex Zero 1

Rex Zero 1: Hello, Commander. As of today, it's been five years since you joined Griffin. Time sure flies!

Rex Zero 1: Before we knew it, we have already come so far following you. Thinking back on what we've been through, it all feels so surreal.

Rex Zero 1: If it weren't for your hard work, we wouldn't be gathered here today as one big happy family.

Rex Zero 1: Perhaps you should ask for something in return from us every now and then, you certainly deserve as much...

Rex Zero 1: For example, I'd like to offer you a hug right now!
Part 273: RFB

Am RFB: Look at me, Commander! I gave up on farming a boss just to attend your anniversary celebration...

Am RFB: That's more like it! Here, this is a classic in my precious game collection, the very best there is! I had it put on easy mode so even you can play.

Am RFB: If you clear the game, you'll find a surprise waiting for you. Happy Anniversary, Commander!
Part 274: Rhino

Rhino: ...Oh, it's you, Commander. I'm mourning for this duck warrior.

Rhino: You don't know about duck warriors? They were ducks trained to become warriors since they're little ducklings. Fierce and courageous, they were capable of defending their own flocks.

Rhino: But due to radiation pollution, vulnerable ducks kept dying off, leaving the lonely duck warriors behind.

Rhino: To reunite with their flocks, they went through a lot of trials and tribulations, until finally they became roast ducks...

Rhino: Each duck warrior that fought to the bitter end was worthy of respect, Commander. I've made you a roast duck wrap. Please eat it reverently.

Rhino: Huh? Who told me this story? Number 9. She said this was an iconic dish from where she used to work.

Rhino: I-I was bamboozled again? There's no such thing as duck warriors?!

Rhino: ...

Rhino: Please keep this roast duck for me while I go and slice up Number 9...
Part 275: Ribeyrolles

Ribeyrolles: The infirmary isn't a nice place, you shouldn't stay here, Commander.

Ribeyrolles: I really don't need special treatment. After all, all injuries heal eventually.

Ribeyrolles: Hm... If you insist, I won't say no...

Ribeyrolles: Actually, I do feel a bit more comfortable with you around.
Part 276: RMB-93

RMB-93: Good evening, Commander. Was the feast at the celebration tonight to your taste?

RMB-93: ...Stop staring at my bag. I'm just bringing some small pastries back to enjoy later, and also for 1887... You'll keep this secret for me, right?

RMB-93: ...Thanks! I know you're the best!
Part 277: RO635

RO635: Commander, emergency. Have you seen SOP-II?

RO635: Jr. just told me in secret that the "awoo" thing was some silly nonsense that she'd come up with to mess with SOP-II...

RO635: But I hear that SOP-II has been going around telling everyone about this "awoo" and asking them to "awoo" with her—is that true? Even you and 15 have "awoo-ed" with her...?

RO635: Pfffthahaha... Ahem, sorry, I couldn't hold it in.

RO635: I suppose we shouldn't be advertising that.

RO635: Then let it remain a secret between the two of us.

RO635: Huh? You want to "awoo" with me? I-isn't that weird...?

RO635: But if it's an order from you, I-I'll do my best!

RO635: A-awoo...
Part 278: RPD

RPD: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander.

RPD: It has taken us years of countless battles and sacrifices to finally get to where we are today.

RPD: Sorry, that wasn't really appropriate for the occasion... What I mean is... you should go and visit the others on this important day. You don't have to worry about me.

RPD: But I really appreciate the gesture. You did me a great honor.
Part 279: RPK-16

Program auto-unlock.

Decrypting file...

Play audio.

Rendering video...

RPK-16: Good morning, Commander. If you're viewing this message when it isn't morning, please close this recording and only play it in the morning.

RPK-16: Now let's get to the point. I'm guessing you're aware of the truth by the time you see this... I'm sure you know what I mean.

RPK-16: You must be very angry. You probably have a lot of questions. You may even still be clinging to some unrealistic hope.

RPK-16: Unfortunately, the fact is as clear as the faint moonlight—I betrayed you. I've chosen a more beneficial path for myself. That's the truth.

RPK-16: Promise me, Commander. Do what you want to do. Do not hesitate. Do not doubt yourself. Do not feel lost.

RPK-16: ...Strange, isn't it? Why am I telling you this? Why am I leaving you this recording? Well, look at the date.

RPK-16: Happy Anniversary, Commander.

...
Part 280: RPK-203

RPK-203: There should still be plenty of space in the Commander's room, right?

RPK-203: Knowing how to keep one's room tidy is also an important life lesson... When every bit of space is fully utilized, one also becomes more organized when working.

RPK-203: Judging by your assertiveness on the battlefield, you must also be quite skilled in tidying your room.

RPK-203: Then please take good care of this 5th Anniversary exclusive teddy bear, though it may be a bit huge...
Part 281: RT-20

RT-20: Commander, the mundane world is treacherous as ever, but the fateful connection between us endures.

RT-20: This year, the clock of fate strikes 5!

RT-20: Heheh... Do you know that the number signifies unity and harmony?

RT-20: Great difficulties may still await you on your path to success, but please believe that we will help you overcome them flawlessly!
Part 282: S.A.T.8

S.A.T.8: I got quite a scare when they said the kitchen almost got blown up! Thank goodness the disaster has been averted...

S.A.T.8: Commander, I hope this little mishap has taught you how much hard work goes into the pizza in your hand.

S.A.T.8: Happy Anniversary, and I hope we'll also be able to enjoy some pizza together next year!
Part 283: SAA

SAA: Yoohoo! It's an honor to drink cola with you on such a special day!

SAA: Huh? Why do I like cola so much? I suppose it's because it fills me with energy whenever I'm tired or sad!

SAA: I wish I could do the same for you, Commander.

SAA: Hm? You really think so?

SAA: That makes me so happy... I need ten more cans of cola!
Part 284: SAF

SAF: The air smells lovely today, Commander...

SAF: Do you know that the same person can smell drastically different when they're in a good mood...?

SAF: For example, right now you smell sweet and fragrant, like strawberry candy. You only smell like this when you're happy!

SAF: Hnng... I'm dying to give you a hug! I don't think I can bear being away from you from now on.
Part 285: Saiga-12

Saiga-12: Jeez, they really shouldn't have smeared cake on your clothes no matter how excited they were...

Saiga-12: Don't move, Commander. Let me wipe that off for you...

Saiga-12: Hm? Why is your face all red?
Part 286: SAR-21

SAR-21: The growth of life is a miraculous process filled with logic and rationality. It is the most beautiful thing in the world.

SAR-21: This is a very rare butterfly, Commander. I spent a whole year nurturing it and cultivating its beauty. Isn't this the best way I can show my gratitude for the care you have shown me in the past year?

SAR-21: Happy Anniversary!
Part 287: Savage 99

Model 99: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander!

Model 99: I've made sure that nobody is around, so you don't have to worry about being overheard.

Model 99: I've recently started having the suspicion that this celebration is actually just a distraction to trick our enemies into lowering their guard, and this is all a secret operation to beat them... Am I right?

Model 99: I knew it! Commander, please let me take part in the secret operation. It is a real secret agent's duty to sacrifice their R&R time.

Model 99: So what is my task? I hope I'll be sent out into the wasteland... Huh? Release fireworks?

Model 99: I don't really get it, but I will do my very best.
Part 288: SCR

SCR: Good morning, Commander...

SCR: Hm? This? Sorry, I hope you don't mind me filming? This is the very first major event that I'm a part of since I joined Griffin, so I want to make a vlog to commemorate the occasion.

SCR: I hear from the others that you've been working here for five years already? That's a very long time indeed.

SCR: Also, judging purely by how seriously everyone is taking this party, it's clear how much they all respect you—even MDR has been working hard on preparing for the celebration. I can't imagine her being such a sweetheart just based on her online persona.

SCR: From what I've seen, I have a feeling that I will have as much fun here as much as I did at the orchard.

SCR: Here, give me a smile! Don't worry, I'll blur your face when I upload the video.
Part 289: SCW

SCW: Thank you for coming over just to check up on me. I'm just not really used to being in such a noisy and crowded environment.

SCW: I'm much more in my element when I can see the big blue sky with its drifting clouds and soaring birds...

SCW: How about going on a drive with me, Commander? Think of it as an anniversary gift just for you~
Part 290: Serdyukov

Serdyukov: Commander, I have drafted up a contingency plan for possible emergencies at the 5th Anniversary Celebration, please read through it.

Serdyukov: Thank you for your recognition. It is, after all, my duty to ensure your personal safety. I must be prepared for anything.

Serdyukov: Huh? Commander, uh... Whoa, my contingency plan does not include a scenario where you lean in so close...
Part 291: Shipka

Shipka: No matter how you look at it, the past year has been quite the historic watershed...

Shipka: Hm? Every year is a watershed, you say? Humph, you really should watch more historical documentaries...

Shipka: Oh, you mean for our relationship...? Well, I can't disagree with that.
Part 292: SIG MCX

SIG MCX: The celebration is pretty good, don't you think?

SIG MCX: It is YOUR anniversary, so cheer up! You just lost ten games in a row, so what?

SIG MCX: Oh dear, you're not playing anymore? Anyone who gives up has to be punished by yours truly~

SIG MCX: C'mon, Commmander. Just one more game? Let's play something more stimulating...
Part 293: SIG-510

SIG-510: Good morning, I heard that you're currently preparing for the 5th Anniversary Celebration.

SIG-510: You misunderstand, I'm not going to tell you off for wasting your training time.

SIG-510: I made a few new friends at the last celebration... I'm here to thank you.

SIG-510: Besides, it was all thanks to your lessons about interpersonal relationships that I became friends with them.

SIG-510: When you're free, could you please help me simulate some social scenarios...?
Part 294: SIG-556

SIG-556: This is the fifth anniversary celebration that we've organized for you, Commander!

SIG-556: The theme this year is "Defiance and Change". What do you think? I got the idea from punk culture!

SIG-556: Life goes on, and so does the fight. That's also your motto, isn't it?
Part 295: Simonov

SKS: Commander, haven't you seen how glorious I am on the battlefield?!

SKS: You've witnessed my outstanding combat performance, yet you still won't give me any assignments?

SKS: I hope you'll consider putting my talent to good use instead of letting it go to waste after the 5th Anniversary Celebration!
Part 296: Six12

Six12: It's a special day, Commander. Can I sit by your feet for a while?

(Water splashing)

Six12: The sound of the sea tonight is the perfect soundtrack for the celebration. It's so calm and comforting.

Six12: Just like how it feels when I'm next to you.
Part 297: Skorpion

Skorpion: I'm here, Commander! Got any preparation work for me?!

Skorpion: Huhhh?! There's nothing for me to do?! (Sobs) Is it because I caused you trouble by spilling the paint yesterday?

Skorpion: But I did my best to make up for that! ...Hold on, you haven't seen it?

Skorpion: Well? Isn't it amazing? Ahaha~ I turned the spillage into a massive portrait of you! Well done, me!

Skorpion: Everyone says it's a brilliant likeness. Do you think so too?

Skorpion: We've all decided to make this the backdrop for the celebration!

Skorpion: ...Hey, where are you going, Commander? Are you feeling embarrassed?
Part 298: SL8

Gr SL8: Hey, Commander, going to the celebration already?

Gr SL8: Don't forget my present before you go!

Gr SL8: Here, turn on your PC. You see all these stocks in the hospice care industry?

Gr SL8: No, no, no... I'm not talking you into retiring, I'm just saying that hospice care will surely be the hottest thing in the future. Trust me, investing in them will make you a fortune!

Gr SL8: Anyway, Happy 5th Anniversary! I gotta keep studying up on this!
Part 299: SM-1

SM-1: How should I put it...? This boisterous atmosphere at the celebration really isn't my thing...

SM-1: I'd much rather stay in the corner and just eat some cake.

SM-1: Thank you for your concern though, Commander!

SM-1: It's all thanks to you that I can enjoy a life of peace and happiness... Thank you, really.
Part 300: SP9

SP9: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander. I am very honored to be invited to this celebration.

SP9: ...This is a present from the Stasi—a custom-made, ultra-thin bulletproof vest. Why? Hm, though we're not completely on the same side, many people want you alive. Yes, that includes Frau Romy.

SP9: Don't worry, the logo has been removed, so it will not be seized by your superiors. Oh... That was a joke? Sorry, I still need to work on my sense of humor.

SP9: Last but not least, it is a privilege to fight by your side.
Part 301: SPAS-12

SPAS-12: What's the matter, Commander? Why are you looking at me like that?

SPAS-12: Hm... I do remember what you said to me last time, but I can only muster the motivation to go on a diet when I'm on a full stomach!

SPAS-12: Alright... Then I'll stop after I finish this small slice of cake. A new year should be marked by a new beginning, after all.
Part 302: SPAS-15

SPAS-15: Happy 5th Anniversary.
Part 303: Spectre M4

Spectre M4: Commander, as the most popular T-Doll, I wish you a happy 5th Anniversary on everyone's behalf!

Spectre M4: The others? They've all probably gone hiding because they're too shy to meet you... Should we get them to come out and go to the celebration?

Spectre M4: Huh? What? They're all there already, and nobody told me?
Part 304: Spitfire

Spitfire: Commander, you shouldn't stand right at the door. You'll cause a traffic jam.

Spitfire: ...Sorry, I almost forgot you're the star of the celebration tonight. Enjoy this feast thrown in your honor.

Spitfire: I'll go and test the stage equipment now. Please look forward to the opening act later... Happy Anniversary, Commander.
Part 305: SPP-1

SPP-1: Huh? It's not a mermaid, it's just me. Disappointed?

SPP-1: Oh, you were joking... But I'm not a kid who loves fairy tales anymore, Commander.

SPP-1: I've been working so hard to grow stronger in the last five years, just so I can make myself more useful to you...

SPP-1: Huh? I misunderstood? My effort... hasn't gone unnoticed?

SPP-1: Thank you, Commander... Oh, sorry! I splashed water all over you! I just got too happy...

SPP-1: You don't mind? That's a relief.

SPP-1: Since you're already wet... why don't you jump in and swim with me for a while?

SPP-1: Don't worry about not being able to hold your breath. You've got me.
Part 306: SPR A3G

SPR A3G: Today is a particularly dangerous day for you, Commander...

SPR A3G: Having had years of experience in surveillance, I can see that at least 10 Dolls are currently monitoring your movements in secret.

SPR A3G: But don't worry, I'll try my best to talk them out of it. Well, it is your anniversary celebration today. I'm all too happy to solve your problems.

SPR A3G: Besides, I'm the one who's been watching you the longest. I can hardly let someone else take that job away from me.
Part 307: Springfield

Springfield: Just two years ago, I was fumbling frantically in the kitchen, but this year, I actually have time to sit down comfortably with you...

Springfield: Does that mean I've grown? Well, judging by your empty plate, my culinary skills have definitely improved, if nothing else. ♪

Springfield: Do I think you've changed? Hm, you have become more resolute, more dependable, but otherwise, you haven't changed much.

Springfield: For example, you still get flustered when I wipe breadcrumbs off the corner of your mouth...

Springfield: Happy 5th Anniversary, my dear Commander.
Part 308: SR-2

SR2: Good evening, Commander.

SR2: Everything can be smashed up once the celebration is over, right?

SR2: Huh? No? ...Fine, then give me something else that's fun to do.

SR2: Aha, why don't I pretend to kidnap you and let them come after us? That should be pretty exciting.

SR2: It's too late to back out now, Commander. The game is afoot...
Part 309: SR-3MP

SR-3MP: Yo! Why didn't you say hi to me when you saw me, Commander? Are you so scared of being spotted?

SR-3MP: Humph, I didn't see you make any hand gestures...

SR-3MP: Still, since you asked for my advice so humbly, I'll teach you something... When you stand on the stage later, remember to perform only just for me!
Part 310: SRS

SRS: The decorations of the celebration... Okay. The atmosphere... Okay. The food... Huh?!

SRS: Phew, thank you for the handkerchief, Commander. I really can't stand the smell of meat, especially spicy wings...

SRS: I'm okay, no thanks. Also... here's your anniversary gift.

SRS: Please be on your way. Don't let me delay you.
Part 311: SSG 3000

SSG 3000: Do you know, once a sniper has locked on to their target, they will never give up until the target is "taken out"?

SSG 3000: Commander, guess who my target is?

SSG 3000: Humph, I want to observe you much more closely... until I know everything about you...
Part 312: SSG 69

SSG 69: I really must be so very radiant... You spotted me right away in this crowd, didn't you?

SSG 69: Still, your clothes are a terrible match with my glamorous ball gown...

SSG 69: Humph, but that's fine too! Let's act out this forbidden love, between a princess and a peasant~
Part 313: ST AR-15

ST AR-15: Don't look at me like that, Commander. I know you just came back from SOP-II...

ST AR-15: I really didn't want to do it, but I've awooed as well. I didn't want to be a party pooper on such a happy day.

ST AR-15: Wait, why are you making that face? Don't tell me you want me to awoo with you!

ST AR-15: No way... No freaking way!

ST AR-15: Not even if you stare at me with those puppy eyes...

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Alright, alright! I'll do it!

ST AR-15: Awooo...

ST AR-15: Happy...? Don't you ever tell anyone about this!
Part 314: Stechkin

Stechkin: Commander, Happy 5th Anniversary! This is a present that I've prepared especially for you. Do you like it?

Stechkin: Huh? Are you not giving me anything in return? I'll spare you the effort. Why don't you just give me cash?

Stechkin: Heheh, thank you for the red packet, Commander! ♪ Let me count the banknotes... Hohoho, I made a profit...
Part 315: Sten MkII

STEN MkII: I started dieting in preparation for your 5th Anniversary Celebration, Commander, heheh...

STEN MkII: Huh? I'm fine the way I am? I don't have to lose weight?

STEN MkII: Thank you... As your adjutant, I really should have more self-confidence...
Part 316: Sterling

Sterling: While the whole base is radiant with joy, the forces of darkness are plotting in the shadows, ready to strike at any second...

Sterling: Humph, as expected, Lady Matilda, who's been scouting ahead, has some pretty bad news to report.

Sterling: Enjoy your anniversary celebration. I'm heading off to sort out some trouble for you.

Sterling: Don't forget to save me a big piece of cake for when I return triumphantly!
Part 317: Steyr ACR

S-ACR: Hi, Commander. Seeing that it's a celebration, I'm going to give this bouquet to you as a gift. You'd better remember this generous gesture!

S-ACR: What? These flowers look exceptionally lush, you say?

S-ACR: D... don't get the wrong idea! It's just a random bunch of roses that I bought without much thought. As if I'd carefully pick out flowers for you!
Part 318: Steyr Scout

Scout: Mitsuha, stop rushing me! I'm not ready yet!

Scout: Ugh... Whatever!

Scout: Commander, I wish you all the happiness on your special day!

Scout: From here on out, I will keep watching you and trying to get to know you better... That's what Mitsuha is asking me to tell you!
Part 319: StG-940

StG-940: Commander, were those girls also here to give you their well wishes?

StG-940: That's amazing. Looks like everyone is genuinely drawn to you.

StG-940: I still can't figure out what makes you so magnetizing, but before I knew it, I think even I subconsciously want to get closer to you...

StG-940: So I want to spend more anniversary celebrations with you. Maybe then I'll also be entranced by your unique charm.
Part 320: StG44

StG44: What's the matter, Commander?

StG44: You're asking me for a dance? I don't mind, your hands are clean.

StG44: Huh? Why am I frowning then? ...There's really no hiding anything from you.

StG44: My dress got splashed with some Champagne earlier, that's why I'm feeling really self-conscious... Hm, I was hoping I could look all clean and tidy in front of you.
Part 321: SUB-2000

SUB-2000: Hey, Commander! Happy 5th Anniversary! What do you think about the atmosphere at this celebration?

SUB-2000: I'm glad to hear that you think it's cheerful and lively! After all, I took part in the event planning...

SUB-2000: I put together a really economical proposal without ruining all the fun. Wanna guess how much money I've saved?

SUB-2000: Nevermind, come closer and I'll just tell you in secret...

SUB-2000: ...Jeez, don't look so surprised. I saved all this money just for you. After all, you've got enough to worry about, don't you?
Part 322: Suomi

Suomi: Oh! Commander, I was listening to music and didn't see you there...

Suomi: You want to listen too? That's fine, but... it's a bit... embarrassing to share the same pair of earphones with you.

Suomi: You like this song? That's great. Actually, I wrote it for you to commemorate your fifth anniversary...

Suomi: It reminds you of ice thawing on a spring day? It makes me so happy that you understand my feelings.
Part 323: Super SASS

Super SASS: Commander, what are you doing here at the Logistics Department?

Super SASS: Oh... Don't mention it! I'm very happy to be able to contribute towards the celebration.

Super SASS: Thank you for your recognition. I'll keep doing my best in the coming days!
Part 324: Super-Shorty

Super-Shorty: M500 snuck out again... Have you seen her, Commander?

Super-Shorty: Nevermind, she's probably preparing some kind of surprise again. Unfortunately, I'm beating her to it.

Super-Shorty: Commander, Happy Anniversary! Please accept this present from me!

Super-Shorty: Huh?! Don't pat me on the head!
Part 325: Supernova

Nova: Hey, boss! Good evening! How about an Italian pizza made from a secret recipe?

Nova: You can't have the one in the bag, it needs to be delivered to the celebration venue...

Nova: Hehe, don't be sad. According to my calculations, the next batch of pizzas will be ready soon. Give me a second, I'll take you to the kitchen!
Part 326: SV-98

SV-98: According to my calculations, this speech for conveying my gratitude to everyone will take 31 minutes to deliver. It fits right into the program of the celebration and shouldn't cause any delay to the subsequent items...

SV-98: Ah, Commander, you're here already? I've dedicated a section of my speech to you...

SV-98: Huh? The Doll that's suppose to go before me can't make it and you need me to fill up her slot right now?

SV-98: Aaaaargh there's no time then. Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander!

SV-98: When I'm done with this, I'll read out my speech to you!
Part 327: SVCh

SVCh: Hello, Commander. Happy 5th Anniversary!

SVCh: So, am I the first Doll to say that to you?

SVCh: I knew it. All that time I spent waiting has been worth it...

SVCh: By the way, if you run into any problem today, please feel free to ask me for help. I will not leave before you do.

SVCh: I will gladly do your bidding, because I am and always will be your one and only SVCh!
Part 328: SVD

SVD: Humph, I told you the 5th Anniversary Celebration couldn't proceed smoothly without me, so why won't you give me the authorization to organize it...?

SVD: Huh? I'm so overworked you want me to rest up properly?

SVD: Humph, sorting out the celebration would've been a piece of cake for me.
Part 329: SVT-38

SVT-38: Commander, have you seen Mosin-Nagant anywhere?

SVT-38: What, she's off drinking again? It's been five years, but she still has no self-discipline at all...

SVT-38: Humph, I won't lose to her even when it comes to drinking. I'll show her who's boss this time!

SVT-38: If you don't have anything better to do, why don't you come with me? Just stay back and watch while I triumph as you always have.
Part 330: T-5000

T-5000: I must've done something too attention-seeking. That's why nobody invited me to perform at the anniversary celebration...

T-5000: Hm? What did you say, Commander? M1887 needs me to sub her on security duty?

T-5000: Haha, so my eye-catching appearance can also deter people from making trouble...? In any case, thank you for your trust! Happy Anniversary!
Part 331: T-CMS

T-CMS: The atmosphere is fantastic today...

T-CMS: Hm? I was just muttering under my breath but you still heard that?

T-CMS: ...You know, I once thought I'd only be happy when I'm feeling the wind in the field or on the mountain.

T-CMS: But now, this beautiful sense of calm seeps through me as long as I'm by your side.

T-CMS: I don't know what the future holds, but... I don't want to leave you. So please stay with me forever and ever, okay...?
Part 332: T65

T65: Can't we all just line up properly and wait our turn to give the Commander their presents at this anniversary celebration?

T65: Whoa!

T65: Goddammit! Another bastard just jumped the queue! Huh?! Why is it getting more and more chaotic?!

T65: (Whimpers) Commander! They won't listen to me anymore! Come and help me... or I won't be able to give you my present!
Part 333: T77

T77: Surely you can tell what I want to say... just by looking into my eyes, Commander?

T77: Oh no, I wasn't asking for a hug, I just wanted you to hold my hand!

T77: The anniversary celebration is about to begin. You'd better walk me in so that the entire world can see!
Part 334: T91

T91: Want some bubble tea, Commander? This is a limited XL version...

T91: Who? M16?! Where is she?!

T91: Thank you, Commander. I've been looking forward to this showdown for a very long time. I'll definitely be stronger next year!

T91: Happy Anniversary! Catch you later!
Part 335: Tabuk

Tabuk: I hate it! I hate it so much!

Tabuk: Commander, the number five is key to the celebration today, but it just looks so skewed!

Tabuk: It's just not symmetrical at all, what a shame...

Tabuk: But even though it looks imperfect, I'll give you a perfect blessing.

Tabuk: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander!
Part 336: TAC-50

TAC-50: Good thing Maple Moon marked your position beforehand. That's how I could make it in time...

TAC-50: Nobody has noticed you slipping away from the venue, yeah? Heheh... that's good!

TAC-50: Would you like some maple syrup cake to calm your nerves? Apparently eating sweet things will improve your mood.

TAC-50: Tasty, right? I knew you'd like it! I baked it especially for your anniversary celebration, but the kitchen didn't want it... But I'm glad it's to your liking!
Part 337: TAR-21

TAR-21: Oh my, are you inviting me to go to the 5th Anniversary Celebration with you, Commander?

TAR-21: I knew you'd choose me, heheh.

TAR-21: I'll schedule some etiquette and dance training for myself. Look forward to seeing me all resplendent at the celebration!
Part 338: TEC-9

TEC-9: Thanks for the hard work, Commander. Today is your day, but do forgive me. I'm not particularly good at giving blessings.

TEC-9: Hold on... Your third vertebra seems a little misaligned. If... if you don't mind, I can help you...

TEC-9: Ahh!! Nope, nope, nope!! The human anatomy is so scary!
Part 339: TF-Q

TF-Q: Commander, I hear that all the sporty Dolls will be here to celebrate your anniversary today... Will you introduce me?

TF-Q: Yay! This way, I can learn from them and make myself more useful to you!

TF-Q: Oh right, here's a small gift, please take it! Happy Anniversary, Commander!
Part 340: Thompson

Thompson: You'll stay here today? Wonderful. Good drinking buddies like you are hard to come by.

Thompson: I suppose I should call it a day early since there's still the 5th Anniversary Celebration later.

Thompson: Give me some time to brief my underlings. Meanwhile, you can pick out a good Champagne and wait for me, Boss.
Part 341: Thunder

Thunder: Happy Anniversary, Commander. This year, I've finally found a gift that can adequately express my feelings.

Thunder: Counting down from three...

Thunder: Two...

Thunder: One!

BAM! BOOM!

Thunder: What do you think? This super impactful fireworks display that I asked Dreamer to put together is pretty good, right?

Thunder: Should I do it again next year?
Part 342: TKB-408

TKB-408: Heheh, there you are, Commander!

TKB-408: Happy 5th Anniversary! I was just thinking about drawing a portrait of you as a present.

TKB-408: Oh, watch your feet! Crap, you're completely dunked in paint...

TKB-408: Uh, I suddenly have an idea! If you push your face into this canvas, you'll make a pretty interesting "portrait"!

TKB-408: Alright, alright, you don't have to. Can I leave the self-reflection essay till tomorrow...?
Part 343: TMP

TMP: W-why are you looking at me like that?

TMP: I finally mustered the courage to wish you a happy anniversary, but I still ended up being a nuisance...

TMP: Hm? You've never thought of me as a nuisance? Hm... I'm glad.

TMP: H-here's a gift from me, please accept it...

TMP: Um... I... Ugh, I can't take this anymore! I gotta go!
Part 344: Tokarev

Tokarev: Commander, are you starting to feel sick after drinking so much tonight?

Tokarev: Please just rest. I will stay with you until you fall asleep.

Tokarev: This has been our promise for the last five years, and I will never forget it...
Part 345: TS12

TS12: Oooh, you look quite lovely in this outfit, Commander.

TS12: Oh right, there's an important celebration today, isn't there? Your anniversary...?

TS12: How many years has it been? Five?! Holy moly, you haven't even thought about switching jobs in all this time?!

TS12: I was gonna get out of this industry when you leave, but at this rate, I'll have to stick with you for at least another few years...
Part 346: Type 03

QBZ-03: Sorry to disturb you, Commander. Could you please show me the anniversary speech that you just delivered?

QBZ-03: Oh, no particular reason. I just want to collect some quotes from you.

QBZ-03: As it happens, the second volume of "Quotations From the Commander" is almost complete. I'll be able to distribute it to all the Dolls at the base soon. Would you like a copy as well, Commander?
Part 347: Type 100

100 Shiki: Commander, here's some ramen that I cooked...

100 Shiki: Huh? You've had it already?

100 Shiki: Then here's an amulet... Hm, you seem to have run out of pockets...

100 Shiki: Then I've made it for nothing...

100 Shiki: Huh? What do you say you need? I'll get some for you straight away!

100 Shiki: ...What do you mean, "All I need is you?" Just say it if you want me to attend the anniversary celebration with you! I have no reason to say no, do I...
Part 348: Type 4

4 Shiki: It's that time of the year again. I wish you a happy 5th Anniversary!

4 Shiki: It warms my heart that we have come such a long way side by side. While everyone else has given you all kinds of nifty presents, all I have for you is some good manga recommendations from my private collection.

4 Shiki: For example, I think "Commander VS Dragon" will be a great read for you, because you're just like the hero in the story, overcoming all kinds of difficulties.

4 Shiki: The art style is quite similar to "Is this Cute and Gorgeous Angel Really My Commander"? I-I haven't heard of that manga...
Part 349: Type 56

Type 56R: Good morning, Commander!

Type 56R: Hm, I look quite fashionable today, don't I?

Type 56R: Heheh, I've spent a lot of time studying fashion magazines...

Type 56R: Huh? Fashion magazines from when? I think Miss Stechkin gave them to me after the anniversary celebration last year...

Type 56R: Is this not in vogue anymore? Fashion trends come and go so fast...
Part 350: Type 56-1

Type 56-1: C-Commander, did I hear that right?!

Type 56-1: You made all this food? Am I hallucinating because I'm too hungry...?

Type 56-1: Oh, this texture... this flavor... It's all real. Looks like you've got talent in everything~

Type 56-1: Still, what compelled you to cook all of a sudden? ...Have you grown tired of my cooking?

Type 56-1: Huh? A 5th Anniversary present for me? But I should be the one giving you a present...

Type 56-1: "Words said to someone on a happy and full stomach will certainly reach their heart..." I did say that last year.

Type 56-1: So do you have any words for me?

Type 56-1: I see... I will taste every dish carefully, bite by bite.
Part 351: Type 59

Type 59: I've got to say, Commander, your speech was so passionate and moving!

Type 59: Heheh... I haven't actually done much. Makarov handled most of it...

Type 59: I won't take up any more of your time then. I've left your present on your desk. Remember to go and get it!
Part 352: Type 62

62 Shiki: Commander, look this way! The camera is here!

62 Shiki: What am I doing? Documenting your expressions, of course. Oh, for goodness' sake, please don't smile so stiffly. And lean in a bit closer! Hm... That's better.

62 Shiki: I'm gonna say it, okay? (Inhales)

62 Shiki: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander!
Part 353: Type 63

Type 63: That was close... Thank goodness for your help, Commander, or the huge cake would've been a complete write-off!

Type 63: Heheh! You weren't expecting this, were you? Miss Kalina asked us to bake this gigantic cake to celebrate your anniversary...

Type 63: Make sure you finish it!
Part 354: Type 64

Type 64: Hush... Everyone has gone to sleep.

Type 64: Commander, please have some tea. Tea can drive away your drunken stupor and make you feel better.

Type 64: Um... Why are you suddenly lying on my lap...?

Type 64: Not that I mind, it's just... it's just... Nevermind. If you feel more comfortable this way...

Type 64: Huh? You smell something nice? It's probably the tea...
Part 355: Type 79

Type 79: Commander, congratulations on your anniversary at Griffin!

Type 79: Here's a little gift, please accept it... Huh? Is it that you don't like pastels?

Type 79: Phew... I'm glad! I thought it would be a good idea to switch things up and go with a more gentle, feminine style every now and then, wouldn't you agree?
Part 356: Type 80

Type 80: Security duty is really hard. Chewing some bubblegum shouldn't be a problem, right?

Type 80: Hey! You're leaning in way too close!

Type 80: Look, that huge bubble just burst...

Type 80: Nevermind, I'll stop. Who would've thought your anniversary celebration would draw such a terrifying crowd!

Type 80: Just do your job properly and I'll keep an eye on the troublemakers. Happy Anniversary.
Part 357: Type 81 Carbine

Type 81R: The conquest to victory certainly takes continued hard work, but you may find something unexpected if you stop and rest a little every so often.

Type 81R: Happy Anniversary, Commander. I hope this coffee will reinvigorate your tired mind and body.

Type 81R: Please keep taking care of us.
Part 358: Type 88

QJY-88: Phew... The modifications on the stage are finally done! Next up...

QJY-88: Whoa! ...Commander, don't skulk in the shadows! You scared the crap out of me!

QJY-88: Heheh... All the hard work we put into your anniversary celebration is all worth it... Happy Anniversary!
Part 359: Type 92

Type 92: You're putting me in charge of the 5th Anniversary Celebration budget? Thank you for your recognition.

Type 92: I am quite good at minimizing costs while delivering satisfactory results.

Type 92: Of course, if you have any special requests, feel free to tell me anytime. Don't worry about going over-budget!

Type 92: Money should be saved so that we can spend it better. I know that much~
Part 360: Type 95

Type 95: Commander, you look tired. Is there anything I can do for you?

Type 95: Even if you don't give any orders, I'm all prepared! Here's your favorite coffee and tea...

Type 95: Hm? Asleep already? Then I'll give you my shoulder to lean on for a bit...
Part 361: Type 97

Type 97: Commander, Big Sis told me to stop being the announcer this year. She said not a single one of my well wishes for you last year came true... Say, this can't be true, right?!

Type 97: Heheh... I knew it, Big Sis was pulling my leg!

Type 97: Here, Commander, accept this gift from me! Ahem, please listen carefully. My speech this year is as follows—

Type 97: Hm? Where are my cue cards...? One second, Commander. I'm going to look for them right now!
Part 362: Type 97 Shotgun

Type 97S: Happy Anniversary, Commander!

Type 97S: It must've been really hard on you to be busy all year round. Take this opportunity to relax.

Type 97S: This is a bottle of Laobaigan wheat liquor that I especially prepared for you. There's nothing more relaxing than drinking this up and having some good sleep afterwards. I hope you'll like it!
Part 363: UKM-2000

UKM-2000: Stay vigilant, Commander! I know today is a special day for you, but don't forget that THEY may very well launch an attack when your security is slack!

UKM-2000: Yes? This is UKM-2000, if you copy, please... Huh? Come again?!

UKM-2000: This is bad! My planet has indeed started invading Earth! But I will guard you with my life no matter what, Commander!
Part 364: UMP40

UMP40: Hi, Commander! I'm here. Turn around. Yes, on the monitor behind you.

UMP40: I've been pestering 45 the whole day before she finally agreed to let me out for a bit.

UMP40: This is the first time I'm seeing you from up close, I hope this isn't too alarming...

UMP40: Actually, I just wanted to wish you a happy 5th anniversary.

UMP40: I can't appear by your side and enjoy the celebration with you, but I've been a part of 45's plan!

UMP40: 45 has prepared—Oh no, 45 is cutting off my signal!

UMP40: Goodbye, Commander. I gotta go. I hope we'll meet again soon...
Part 365: UMP45

UMP45: You look a bit funny. Did you see something nasty on the monitor in the command center? No? Good.

UMP45: Please come with me, Commander.

UMP45: To thank you for clearing your account in the past year, I've put together a small celebration for you.

UMP45: You may choose a dance partner from the following three—Gr G11 on full power, 416, who just knocked back an entire bottle of vodka, and 9, who has a reputation for stepping on her dance partner's feet.

UMP45: Why am I locking the door? To stop you from running away, of course. You do know that this isn't free, I hope?
Part 366: UMP9

UMP9: Is it finally my turn to dance with you, Commander? I've been waiting for so long...

UMP9: We should choose something slower. Dancing isn't really my forte, so I may step on you a few times. I apologize to your feet in advance.

UMP9: You seem worried about something?

UMP9: Huh, are you worried that I'd be angry because 45 forced me to dance with you?

UMP9: Pffft...

UMP9: Commander, have you considered the possibility...

UMP9: That I'm doing this willingly? Or perhaps... I planned the whole thing to begin with?
Part 367: USAS-12

USAS-12: Commander, the ceremonial guards are all ready after some instructions from me...

USAS-12: Watch. Attention! Salute!

USAS-12: Heheh, are you happy with our performance? I hope we'll add to the pomp and fanfare tonight as we celebrate your achievements.
Part 368: USP Compact

Gr USPCompact: C-Commander, Happy 5th A-Anniversary!

Gr USPCompact: ...Huh? My performance has improved a lot compared to last year, you say? Y-You think so...?

Gr USPCompact: It's a bit embarrassing, but I'm still very happy to hear that... I hope I can earn more recognition from you next year...
Part 369: UTS-15

UTS-15: Happy 5th Anniversary.
Part 370: V-PM5

PM5: Commander... I-I'm so sorry!

PM5: I sent you to the infirmary by mistake at last year's celebration, but you still invited me to the celebration this year even though I'm so insignificant...

PM5: (Sobs) I'll definitely work even harder to repay your generosity!
Part 371: Vector

Vector: Can't believe I've been fighting by your side for five years. You must've grown tired of me already.

Vector: ...You still want to attend the anniversary celebration with me as always?

Vector: You don't have to force yourself just to spare my feelings. I'm fully prepared to go on my own.

Vector: You're not forcing yourself? ...Well, if that's your order, I will obey. Let's go.
Part 372: Vepr

Vepr: Commander, do you know why I like boars?

Vepr: Because boars are fearless even when facing ferocious tigers.

Vepr: To have the courage to confront something so powerful head-on, these creatures are real warriors!

Vepr: That's why I'm fascinated by their spirit, and I'll always protect you with the same steadfastness!
Part 373: VHS

VHS: Looks like I won't find any peace and quiet today. I thought people would leave me alone if I just sit here with a frown, but they still keep badgering me.

VHS: Still, I don't mind chatting with you for a bit, just because it's you.

VHS: I don't see the need to socialize with the others, but I'll make an exception for you...
Part 374: Vigneron M2

Vigneron M2: Look, Commander, this is a 1 to 100 figurine that I made due to popular demand. Doesn't it look exactly like you?

Vigneron M2: Heheh... Let me tell you a secret—this figurine is highly coveted. I only made 50, and they all flew off the shelves in an instant.

Vigneron M2: I saved one just for you. I'm putting it right here on your office desk. Think of it as my anniversary gift to you.
Part 375: VP1915

Perosa: Skills aren't everything on the board. Luck can also be an important factor.

Perosa: But that doesn't mean the luckier player will always win.

Perosa: Quite the contrary, confidence, patience, and brainpower can more than make up for the lack of luck.

Perosa: Sorry, Commander, but I'll be taking your piece.

Perosa: ...According to the rules of Luffberry Chess, you can still start again, so don't feel bad. The celebration is still in full swing, and our game is far from over.
Part 376: VP70

Gr VP70: Charging towards an uncertain future can be very frightening since no one knows if what awaits us is disaster or pleasant surprise.

Gr VP70: But I've stopped worrying about the unknown future ever since I started journeying with you.

Gr VP70: Because I believe that no matter how winding our path is, you will surely deliver us to peace and happiness in the end!
Part 377: VSK-94

VSK-94: Boss, I wish you an early "Happy 5th Anniversary", since I'll have to return to sentry duty later.

VSK-94: Hm? Why am I working overtime at the celebration? Probably because of the overtime pay, which is four times the usual rate.

VSK-94: Alright, I'll tell you the truth. It's all thanks to you that we get to live in peace and happiness, so I'm more than happy to return the favor by keeping the peace at the celebration today.

VSK-94: Hm... If you're feeling so touched, how about giving me even more overtime pay?
Part 378: WA2000

WA2000: This is for you... Commander.

WA2000: Don't say such embarrassing things! It's not that good a gift anyway...

WA2000: You say you like it before you even open it?! Humph, trying to brush me off, aren't you?

WA2000: ...That's more like it. You'd better not get the wrong idea. It's just to thank you for not misusing me to engage in pointless killing.

WA2000: You'll need to work harder to earn my recognition... Don't you dare give up before that!
Part 379: Webley

Webley: Do you know, Commander?

Webley: There's a belief in the tailoring industry—a tailor who doesn't get to know their customers will never create a perfect suit, and just like clothes bought from a department store, no matter how expensive, are no more than mass-manufactured products of industrialization.

Webley: Which is why I bought the materials and handmade all the presents I'm giving you this year...

Webley: If you like my work, I'm happy to be your bespoke tailor forever...
Part 380: Welrod MkII

Welrod MkII: Sorry to keep you waiting, Commander! Happy 5th Anniversary!

Welrod MkII: The Dolls in the Yellow Zone? So you still remember them.

Welrod MkII: I've visited them not long ago, they're living a quiet and happy life, so don't worry about them.

Welrod MkII: No, I don't envy them. I have my own purpose—victory and justice.

Welrod MkII: ...And my aspiration of protecting you.
Part 381: WKp

WKp: Commander, Happy Anniversary. Would you... do me the favor of accepting this jar of paper cranes?

WKp: I folded them using letters that I've been writing you. Before I knew it, I've accumulated so many things that I wanted to share with you in private...

WKp: Please open and read one every day! It's kind of embarrassing if you read too many in one go!
Part 382: wz.29

wz.29: Commander, when will we finally get to live a peaceful existence without strife?

wz.29: I know, you've been working hard towards this goal all these years.

wz.29: But one really doesn't have much peace of mind when we live in constant war, isn't that right?

wz.29: Looking up at the stars is a great way to relax. I can lend you this starry sky for a while. I hope it'll bring you some calm and happiness.
Part 383: X95

X95: I once thought that Dolls were like century plants in full bloom—lovely and pure, sharing their beauty with the world until they finally wither...

X95: But you've taught me that Dolls exist not just to make sacrifices for humans.

X95: I think... I'm still quite a long way away from fathoming the meaning of that, but I'm very grateful that you've pointed me onto a different path.
Part 384: XM3

XM3: I kinda knew something like this was gonna happen, but I've still gotta say... The ones in charge of logistics today suck big time...

XM3: Show some understanding? We shouldn't tolerate mistakes made at such an important anniversary celebration.

XM3: Whatever, I'll drop the matter since you take the blame.

XM3: Come and get your anniversary gift from me once you've thought about how to write your reflection report. And just so you know, I'm not sitting here waiting for you.
Part 385: XM8

XM8: Your chess skills haven't improved at all in the past year!

XM8: Just kidding. I'll give you this draw. I do have to take a dozen more seconds to compute my moves than before...

XM8: Happy anniversary, loser. I won't go easy on you at our next anniversary game.
Part 386: Z-62

Z-62: Happy 5th Anniversary, Commander.

Z-62: I plan on staying in my room to read today. If too many people go to the celebration, it'll make trouble for the Dolls organizing the event, right...?

Z-62: You'll feel sad about my absence...? Really?

Z-62: Hm, then I'll go with you. It's an opportunity to put the theories about socializing I've read into practice.
Part 387: Zas M21

Zas M21: Your subordinates are growing more numerous, and it's getting difficult to even spend some time alone with you.

Zas M21: Hm? What did you say? I'm special?

Zas M21: Humph, my rational mind finds that rather hard to believe, but the thought still sends my heart pounding.

Zas M21: Alright then, I'll see you after the celebration. If you don't show up, you will miss out on my anniversary blessing, okay?
Part 388: Zas M76

Zas M76: Phew... I made it! I knew you'd be here! Commander, Happy 5th Anniversary!

Zas M76: Am I the first Doll to say that to you today? I knew it. I'm much faster than SVD!

Zas M76: Of course... I'm also better at caring for you than her...
Part 389: ZB-26

ZB-26: What a coincidence, Commander. I didn't think I'd run into you in such an out-of-the-way corridor.

ZB-26: You look exhausted. Those kids must have been very unruly.

ZB-26: Oh... Am I right then? It's actually really impressive how everyone gets so worked up over you.

ZB-26: Still, you can't chicken out at such a big party. Now let me fix you up, and then you must go back to the celebration.

ZB-26: Don't worry, this time I will help you keep things under control.
Part 390: ZiP .22

ZiP .22: Red... Nah... White... Too blinding...

ZiP .22: Aha, there we go! My cornflower sapphire brooch. It matches the color of the ribbons in my hair.

ZiP .22: Commander, you need to look snappy for the anniversary celebration. Here, this is a piece of treasure from my private collection. Remember to put it on later.