"A diamond in the rough is still a diamond."

In front of a certain door in the Griffin dorms.

Gr HK45: Hm...this should be the address for that "request for one-on-one help on the Griffin late night radio show".

Gr HK45: However, whose room is this? There's no nameplate on it...

She presses her ear to the door, but she can't hear anything from beyond it.

Gr HK45: Ah, who cares? Not me!

Gr HK45: (Knocks) Is anyone there? It's me, the dazzling Gr HK45, an offline volunteer from Radio Griffin!

The door suddenly flies open. A dark shape lunges out from within and grabs her by the waist.

Gr HK45: W-whoa!

Gr HK45: I know I'm just too charming but please don't attack me out of nowhere! Please let go, or else I'll have to take sterner measures—

???: Help...me...

Gr HK45: Huh? You're...P38?

P38: Yes, I am! Help me, Gr HK45!

Gr HK45: So this was actually a storage room, no wonder there's no nameplate on the door... Have you been living here recently, P38?

P38: Yes, because this place is better for making music... My current dorm is a two-person room, so I might disturb my roomie if I played music there.

P38: Granted, she hasn't been coming back recently, but I still want to leave the place quiet for her.

Gr HK45: That does make sense. Your roommate is lucky to be paired up with someone as thoughtful as you!

P38: Haha... But it doesn't help me with my current problem at all! Please help me, Miss Volunteer!

Gr HK45: Waitwaitwait, don't just hug me again!

Gr HK45: So tell me, what kind of difficulty are you having, P38?

P38: I'm sorry, I got worked up and...

P38: It's like this.

Gr HK45: Okay~ I'm listening.

P38: I used to be a virtual singer, and although I'm currently being employed by Griffin, it's kind of a shame to give up on my old trade...

P38: So whenever I'm free, I put out new songs on web platforms like the old days.

Gr HK45: Yup yup, I do a lot of livestreaming myself!

Gr HK45: Which platform do you use? What's your name there?

P38: Ah, it's called "Magic Stage", it's been really popular recently...and my username is...

P38: ..."Apprentice Witch".

Gr HK45: Apprentice Witch?!

Gr HK45: Are you talking about THE Apprentice Witch who's famous for livestreaming a cappella songs for free but never showing her face? THAT Apprentice Witch?!

P38: Yes... Wait a minute, don't tell me you're...

Gr HK45: I'm a huge fan of yours!

Gr HK45: You have NO idea how amazing your songs are, they're like the morning breeze over a lake on a summer day, or motor oil pooling in the bottom of a repair vat on a moonlit night! Just hearing them puts me at ease! I love you so much!

P38: I'm deeply honored that you like me!

P38: But, uh, could you please let go of me? I mean, you just said you didn't want me to hug you out of nowhere...

Gr HK45: Ahem, pardon me... So, what kind of problem are you facing? No matter what it is, I'll make sure I think of a solution for you!

P38: That's fine. One of my singles made it to the top of Magic Stage's charts a couple of days ago, so an online event organizer invited me to appear on her program as a lead singer...and she promised a hefty payment for it too.

Gr HK45: Isn't that a good thing? Let me guess - there was a scheduling clash between your work and the event?

P38: No, not at all. All I've done recently is run logistics, so it's way easier for someone like me to apply for days off than it is for the elites.

P38: As it happens, that event organizer works in Griffin too, so I went to see her yesterday...

P38: Hello, are you the event organizer, MDR?

MDR: There you are, Apprentice Witch! I've been waiting a long time for you...

MDR: ...Wait a minute, what are you doing here?

P38: I'm Apprentice Witch, MDR.

P38: What's with that look on your face?

MDR: Uh, how shall I put it... It's like finding out that the salmon you dropped a lot of money on actually came from a little river down the road from your house...something like that.

P38: Hey! That's mean!

MDR: Sorry, sorry. I was just too shocked, so...

MDR: Who would have thought that the a cappella singer I had my eye on would actually turn out to be the soprano brainlet who's infamous throughout the base?

P38: That's even worse! And besides, I CHOSE to try the high notes. A voice like M950A's would be better at drawing the Commander's attention, right?

MDR: People have things they're suited for, and I don't think your small-time voice is suited for the songs M950A sings.

MDR: Ah, forget it, on to business. I think you're just too plain, P38.

P38: Plain...? But music is my forte! I'm only going to be the lead singer, right?

MDR: That's not what I'm talking about, I'm referring to a more fundamental problem.

MDR: I'll be organizing a huge event this time round, so whether it's your appearance!

P38: Urgh...

MDR: Or your disposition!

P38: Urk!

MDR: Neither of them meet the requirements for taking center stage!

P38: (Sobs piteously)

Gr HK45: Well, that certainly was a hurtful thing to say, but it IS true...

P38: What you're saying is very hurtful too, Gr HK45！

Gr HK45: (Coughs) Sorry about that...

P38: In any case, please help me out, Gr HK45! I don't want to miss this huge livestream event! Please help me shine brighter!
Part 2: Phantom in Pursuit

2

P38 screams her plea at the top of her voice, as though she's been driven to her wit's end.

It's so loud that it even makes its way out of the half-closed door and echoes down the corridor.

Gr HK45: I'm happy to help you, P38!

Gr HK45: However, as an idol, all I can do is help you repackage yourself...like say, giving you advice on how to dye your hair or give yourself a makeover, that sort of thing.

P38: That's enough! Please give me a hand!

Gr HK45: No, that won't be enough.

Gr HK45: In order to stand on stage, you need more than just a pretty face. You also need the courage to face the tens of thousands of eyes looking up at you from the audience, and the skills to match your fans' love for you.

Gr HK45: I don't doubt your abilities, P38...but do you remember what everyone thought of you the last time you went on that beach vacation?

P38: Well yes, it wasn't very good... My delivery and choice of songs were...

Gr HK45: And that is a major problem, Apprentice Witch.

P38: Ah!

Gr HK45: Once you give MDR your word, singing is no longer a hobby for you, but a job.

Gr HK45: And taking on a job means you need to do it to the best of your ability. Therefore, you need to show your audience the best side of yourself.

P38: Yeah... I ought to do that.

Gr HK45: I've never seen you do livestreams with your face exposed before, but according to the records from that time at the beach, what you've done is a long way from living up to the task.

Gr HK45: You even got nervous in front of your colleagues, and now you're going to do a "Magic Stage" live show...

P38: (Whimpers) I'm going weak at the knees just thinking about it...

Gr HK45: I can't help you with those things, Apprentice Witch. That's a test of your experience, and your experience lies in your memories.

Gr HK45: Even for me, I've got nothing worth mentioning beyond this face of mine... Granted, I can dance pretty well, but that's about it.

P38: So you're bothered by things like that too?

Gr HK45: The road to perfection is a long one.

Gr HK45: My singing skills are average for an idol. I can't compare to a pro singer.

Gr HK45: I've got fans of my own too, so I owe it to them to take responsibility for what I do.

P38: That's right! I need to work hard for the people who like me! That said, where should I begin?

Gr HK45: Let's start by changing your image... Let me look at this shopping site.

Gr HK45: What do you think of this outfit?

P38: I could buy half of it with the money I've saved up.

Gr HK45: Half of it? Which half?

P38: Uh...the half that doesn't have decorations on it.

Gr HK45: A content creator like you would starve to death.

P38: Well, I DO have a job in Griffin...

Gr HK45: In other words, not having enough money to buy clothes is also another challenge for you.

P38: (Whimpers) MDR said the deadline is in two weeks... If I can't make the grade, she'll have to find someone else!

Gr HK45: That's a really tight deadline, but two weeks ought to be enough.

Gr HK45: Perhaps we should ask someone to help you train?

???: Take me with you...

P38: Training? You mean, training for standing on stage and letting people look at me?

???: I want to go with you!

Gr HK45: Yup. I can help correct your posture and your styling... And as for money, how about taking out a loan?

???: Listen to me! I want to go too!

Someone shoves the door open from the outside. Startled, P38 and Gr HK45 stare at the person standing there.

P38: Spectre M4? What are you doing here?
Part 3: Finalized Plan

3

Spectre M4: You haven't come back to the dorm for several days, but Miss Kalina said you came back every day. Of COURSE I'd be worried!

Spectre M4: And then I heard your voice just now, so I followed it here, but I didn't expect that you'd...

P38: Spectre M4...

Spectre M4: Quit shouting my name! You're terrible! I can't believe you were planning on doing that kind of training by yourself!

P38: I'm sorry, but...why did you come looking for me, Spectre M4?

P38: Did I get a new roommate?

Spectre M4: ...I've been your roomie all this time! And I've ALWAYS been in the dorm, you just pretended not to see me!

P38: I, I see... I'm sorry, I just never noticed you.

Spectre M4: Ah, forget it... In any case, I'd like to take part in this training as well.

Spectre M4: I mean, if it works, we'll be able to draw lots of attention, right?

P38: Well, I don't mind, but we haven't come up with a plan for that yet.

P38: Do you have any ideas?

Spectre M4: Why are you asking me all of a sudden?

Gr HK45: Well, we need to brainstorm this together.

Spectre M4: Alright, then. I DO have an idea, but it doesn't seem too reliable to me... At least, that's how it seems so far.

Spectre M4: If we can find some way to make ourselves known and gain some fame, we might be able to get a third party to sponsor us. How about that?

Gr HK45: ...

P38: ...

Spectre M4: Don't go all quiet on me! I know it sounds dodgy, but you wanted to brainstorm this, right?

Spectre M4: I mean, I just wanted to give you food for thought...

P38: No, we're just thinking about it.

Gr HK45: Yeah. Actually...I think it's a pretty good plan, Spectre M4.

Spectre M4: Eh? Ehhhh? Really?!

Gr HK45: Yup. Very few artists manage to make their debuts from famous talent shows, so being able to appear in front of a crowd would be very lucky.

Gr HK45: Most artists start out with bit parts and slowly work their way up. I think that given our skills, it would be easier to get a sponsor if we could find a platform for ourselves.

P38: So you're saying we can start thinking about the details now...

Spectre M4: Why don't we book a small stage in the city? That way people will see us when they walk past.

Gr HK45: That doesn't seem too workable. We don't have that much seed capital.

Gr HK45: Also, the humans in the city are all very busy, so the a cappella songs which P38 specializes in would have a hard time grabbing their attention.

P38: I bet M950A and the others would be perfect for putting on shows like that...

P38: Ah, that sure did a number on my confidence.

Spectre M4: Get a hold of yourself, P38!

Gr HK45: As for M950A...you know, I just had a stroke of inspiration when you mentioned their band. What do you think of the battlefield?

P38: The battlefield? There's no way we could perform on a solemn place like that, right?

Spectre M4: But that's where we'll meet the most people! Still, you can't sing a cappella there...

Gr HK45: Well, it can't be any more ridiculous than trying to sing for peace in the vacuum of space.

P38: I think I get your meaning, Gr HK45.

P38: Although we can't actually sing on the battlefield, we can comfort our friends with our songs as they return from the battlefield!

Gr HK45: Hey, you said that, not me.

Spectre M4: That's amazing! It's definitely got potential!

P38: Hehe... So it's decided, then?

Spectre M4: Yup! I don't mind!

Spectre M4: In that case, P38 can be the lead singer, and I'll provide backup...

Gr HK45: I can dance while singing backup. I'm good at that.
Part 4: Delicious Murmur

4

The Dolls heatedly discuss the subject inside the storage room, unaware that someone is standing silently outside, eavesdropping on their plans.

???: I see, I see.

???: It would be a shame not to take advantage of this rare opportunity.

???: Come into my parlor, said the spider to the fly...
Part 5: Departure from Failure

5

Half a day later, in front of the storage room.

Spectre M4: "The Star Chamber"... Okay, who put that sign up?

Gr HK45: It was me. This is where our plan begins, so at the very least we need to make it look decent, right?

Gr HK45: Plus, calling it the "Tactical Command Room" would clash with the name of the Commander's room.

Spectre M4: Even so, calling it The Star Chamber seems a little over the top...

Spectre M4: Forget it, how are things on your end?

Gr HK45: They're going great!

Gr HK45: I sent a link to an online questionnaire to all the Dolls who weren't on dispatch, and I got about 50 replies.

Spectre M4: 50? That's quite a sizable number...

Spectre M4: So how was the feedback?

Gr HK45: There were 20 people who said they wanted to listen to our singing after coming back, 13 said they just wanted to rest, nine other said they would be interested in listening, but might have trouble making it on time since they'd go straight to the repair room upon coming back. And eight more said they were okay with anything.

Spectre M4: That sounds pretty promising...

Spectre M4: Wait, am I the only one who hasn't made any progress?!

Gr HK45: You tried to approach M950A, right?

Spectre M4: Yeah, but Miss Kalina told me that they've been really active on the frontlines recently, and are pretty much unreachable except through the Commander's combat channels...

Gr HK45: Then we won't be able to absorb performance experience from them.

Gr HK45: That's a little troublesome... Is P38 back yet?

Spectre M4: I didn't see her on my way back.

Spectre M4: Has she gone to book a venue? It should be pretty quick.

Gr HK45: Could something have happened to her? Let's go, we've got to find her.

Gr HK45: Wait a minute, Spectre M4, not so...

???: Ow!

Spectre M4: Ah!

Gr HK45: ...We're in the dorm block, you might run into someone.

Gr HK45: Are you both okay?

Spectre M4: I'm fine... She was sent flying, though.

Gr HK45: Sent flying?

???: Ow, that hurts...

???: Repairs are really expensive, you know. If any of my parts get broken, you're footing the bill.

Spectre M4: Sorry, Stechkin.

Spectre M4: Can you stand? Let me help you up...

Stechkin: Oh, I'm fine. No harm done, I think. What on earth were you doing, running around in such a hurry?

Gr HK45: We're looking for P38. She's been out for a while and hasn't come back yet.

Stechkin: P38? Last I saw her, she was crying near the training ground.

Gr HK45: She was crying? What happened?

Stechkin: I think it was some kind of venue problem?

Stechkin: The base facilities have been booked solid recently, and Miss Kalina couldn't find another place for her.

Gr HK45: I see... Thank you, Stechkin - we'll go find her right away!

Stechkin: You girls certainly have a good relationship.

Stechkin: I happen to be free, so let's go check on her together. I'll lead the way.

Spectre M4: You're a wonderful person! Let's go!

Gr HK45: ...

Gr HK45: Is Stechkin really THAT kind-hearted?

Stechkin: Haha, it's nothing. Don't mention it.
Part 6: Conditional Help

6

P38: (Sobs) How am I going to break the news to them...

Gr HK45: Well, regardless of how you're going to do it, shouldn't you come back first so you can tell us?

P38: Uwah! Gr HK45! And is that Stechkin over there?!

Spectre M4: Hey, I'm here too...

P38: Ah, and Spectre M4... How did you know I was here?

Gr HK45: Stechkin told us. She said she saw you just now while she was passing by.

Gr HK45: Why didn't you come back to tell us about it?

P38: I...I didn't dare go back to face you...

P38: I mean, I'm supposed to be the star of this plan, but I couldn't even do a simple venue booking...

Gr HK45: Well, that's something the three of us will have to deal with together.

Gr HK45: We agreed to shine together on the stage, didn't we, P38?

Spectre M4: If you're facing problems, you ought to speak up right away. That way we can think of a solution together.

Spectre M4: Trying to handle things by yourself is only going to slow progress, P38.

P38: Yeah... I'm sorry, I just don't handle stress well.

P38: I need to be strong to take center stage!

Gr HK45: That's the spirit! Now you're starting to look more like our lead singer!

Stechkin: Er...pardon me for interrupting, but what are you talking about?

Gr HK45: Thanks for your concern.

Gr HK45: This is just a small project of ours, and we're still in the beginning stages of putting it into practice.

Stechkin: Don't feel like talking about it? But the truth is, I'm the one who booked the place.

P38: Huh? It's you? Are you going to hold an event?

Stechkin: Well, I was planning to hold an event to thank my friends for their hard work.

Stechkin: Do you see how everyone's tired when they come back and they just can't bring themselves to cheer up? Now, I'm sure you'd agree that everyone would benefit if I could find some way to soothe their bodies and souls and restore them to high spirits. Am I wrong?

Spectre M4: Ah, that fits perfectly with our plan, doesn't it?

Stechkin: Oh? You were planning something like that too?

Stechkin: What a coincidence.

Gr HK45: Spectre M4!

Gr HK45: ...Forget it. Yes, that's how it is. Our project has similar goals to yours.

Stechkin: Would you mind going into detail?

P38: It's like this...

Several minutes later.

Stechkin: Hm... I see! So you're planning to use this to build your reputation and earn sponsorship money!

Stechkin: I can help with that.

P38: Really?!

P38: But...it's going to cost money, right?

Stechkin: Well, there's no such thing as a free lunch.

Stechkin: While I can provide a venue for free, you guys will need to have a certain level of competence.

Stechkin: I've seen Gr HK45 perform before, and she makes the grade.

Stechkin: I've never heard Spectre M4 singing backup, though, and as for P38... I heard about what happened at the beach last time. Apparently she didn't sing too well.

P38: I picked a high-pitched and loud song to get everyone's attention back then, but songs like that aren't suited for me.

P38: If you don't mind, I can sing a song for you right now!

Stechkin: That would take too long...

P38: Or you can take a look at this!

Stechkin: "Magic Stage"? You seem pretty active here.

Stechkin: Let's see... Wait a minute. You're Apprentice Witch?

P38: Yes, that's me! That should prove my skills, right?

Stechkin: ...I think I understand what MDR was talking about when she spoke to me that day.

P38: Eh?

Stechkin: Like a salmon that...

P38: Fine! That's enough, I get it! I'm a disappointment, right?!

Stechkin: Indeed you are. You're just too plain compared to how your voice sounds.

P38: (Whimpers) ...That's what I'm trying to change!

Stechkin: Well, if you want to change yourself, just having a venue won't work...

Stechkin: You need to learn from someone who's more experienced.

Spectre M4: I tried asking M950A and her friends, but they're all too busy.

Stechkin: Well, I know someone with even more experience in show biz. She ought to be able to help you out.

P38: Really? That's amazing!

Stechkin: Calm down, I'm not finished yet.

Stechkin: She's a very famous actor, but that also means she charges a lot just for showing up. I can't cover that sum for you, because my money was spent booking the venue.

Gr HK45: She charges an appearance fee?

Stechkin: What, you don't trust me, Gr HK45?

Stechkin: Your face is saying, "Stechkin looks like she's trying to soak us for all the money she can get".

Gr HK45: I find it very hard to think otherwise.

Stechkin: You wound me, Gr HK45... I really am thinking of the performance.

Stechkin: You can ask MDR; I'm the only and also the most reliable middlewoman in Griffin. When she was out of money some time back, I even helped her secure a loan from Miss Thompson.

Gr HK45: No wonder the two of you know each other.

Stechkin: Relax, I'm telling the truth.

Stechkin: Although her appearance fees are very high, they're most definitely worth paying.

Stechkin: Compared to her, M950A and the others are like a bunch of rank amateurs in terms of performing experience.

Gr HK45: Could you be talking about THAT Doll...?

Stechkin: Indeed, the very same.

Gr HK45: Well, if it's her, then it definitely makes a lot of sense...

Gr HK45: What should we do, P38? You decide.

P38: I...I've decided!

P38: I'll work hard to earn and borrow money to make up the appearance fee!

Spectre M4: This isn't a one-Doll show, P38! I'll help you out too!

Gr HK45: You certainly are hot-blooded... Alright, alright, I'll help too.

Stechkin: In that case, do your best, ladies.
Part 7: Flutter of a Fledgling's Wings

7

A week later, in the café.

Springfield: Thanks for helping out, these are your wages.

P38: Ah, thank you! That should be enough to cover what I need!

Springfield: You're welcome. I've heard you've all been working hard recently.

Springfield: Apparently you've been working several part-time jobs... Here at the café, at the Pet Center, and delivering supplies too?

P38: Hehe... Nothing escapes you, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Well, it would be very difficult to not find out.

Springfield: Are you doing something that needs a lot of money?

P38: Yeah, we've been kind of short on cash recently.

Springfield: May I ask what it's all about?

P38: It's a secret! But I promise that you'll see me shine in a week's time, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: I'll be looking forward to it, then.

P38: Yup!

In front of the Star Chamber.

P38: I've saved up enough!

Gr HK45: Me too. Now to wait for Stechkin to arrive...

Spectre M4: Why didn't you ask me?! I raised my share too!

Gr HK45: I believe in all of you. Right, I'm going to call Stechkin now.

P38: The suspense is killing me...

Gr HK45: Hello? Is that Stechkin?

Gr HK45: We've gathered the sum you asked for.

Stechkin: Wow, you actually managed to do it in a week?

Stechkin: Looks like you're all pretty determined about this.

Spectre M4: We're super serious, you know!

Stechkin: Yes, yes, I can see that.

Stechkin: Send the money over to my account! Consider it a tuition fee.

Stechkin: Once I receive it, I'll introduce you to that amazing veteran.

Ten minutes later, the sound of leather shoes clacking against the floor comes from the end of the corridor.

The crisp footsteps seem to pound on the hearts of the idols-to-be.

P38: I think Gr HK45 guessed who it was, but she's not telling us.

P38: Who could it be?

Spectre M4: I have no idea who this amazing person is...

Finally, the footsteps turn the corner...

And that person appears in front of them.

Desert Eagle: Gr HK45, P38...

Desert Eagle: And Spectre M4.

Desert Eagle: Are you the ones who require my guidance?
Part 8: Priceless Sincerity

8

It's late at night in the Star Chamber, but the lights are still on.

Desert Eagle: Stop.

P38: (Pants)

P38: Was...it good...this time round?

Desert Eagle: Better than before, but still not a pass.

Desert Eagle: I told you, think of the direction where I'm standing as where the audience is. Now do your best to present yourself as relaxed and comfortable to me. Lengthen and draw out your body lines.

Desert Eagle: Gr HK45, you did a decent job, but the look on your face looks too forced. You can do better.

Desert Eagle: Same goes for you, Spectre M4. The backup performers might not be standing in the front, but you can't half-ass your pose and stance either.

P38: Alright... Let's do it again!

Desert Eagle: No, let's stop for now. You're all tired - let's take a break before continuing.

P38: But, we don't have time...

Desert Eagle: Listen to me, P38.

Desert Eagle: You need to be in top form to put on a show. Pushing yourselves too hard will lead to the opposite of that.

P38: Got it...

As she watches the tired trio, Desert Eagle falls silent for a moment, then beckons to them.

Desert Eagle: Come on, I'll buy you all a drink.

P38: Uh... I thought we were going to the Griffin Café. What is this place?

Desert Eagle: The Griffin Café does have live shows sometimes, but we can't always be sure about that.

Gr HK45: I see, so that's why we came to the city. I've heard of this bar before - they say people often do performances here.

Desert Eagle: Yes, I used to come here often. While there are quite a lot of rookies, some old hands come down here to practice, so you'll be able to learn a lot.

Desert Eagle: Go on in. It's on me today.

P38: Really?

Desert Eagle: I never joke about such things, P38.

P38: Sorry!

Desert Eagle: It's fine. Now head on in.

The bar's interior is well-lit, and the people inside go back and forth in an orderly manner. The passionate singing from the stage echoes off the high, vaulted ceiling.

Desert Eagle leads the idols-to-be to an empty table and orders three glasses of fruit tea.

P38: This is my first time in a place like this...

Desert Eagle: Relax, we're customers now.

Desert Eagle: Just enjoy the show.

Singer On Stage: Now nobody can escape from the terror again...

Singer On Stage: And again we try to hide our hope...

Singer On Stage: Our audience below the stage...

Singer On Stage: But we will never give up, you know!

Singer On Stage: You can't erase our inner flame!

Singer On Stage: Every time I look up—

P38: She's amazing...

Desert Eagle: How is she amazing?

P38: She's stirring up the mood of the entire place.

P38: Even though she's standing so far off to the side, I can't see anything wrong with her posture...

Gr HK45: Same goes for her backup dancers. They're energetic and passionate, and they worked the audience members in the mosh pit into their routine.

Spectre M4: And their backup... I need to remember how they did their backup singing.

Desert Eagle: How do you think they learned those skills?

P38: I guess they trained for a really long time?

Desert Eagle: That group on stage fought in the S11 battle.

P38: You mean...she was there at the Great Retreat?!

Desert Eagle: Yes. She's an ex-military who retired after that battle.

P38: ...

P38 unconsciously reaches for her gun, but realizes she didn't bring it out with her.

Desert Eagle: She's not an enemy anymore, P38. Right now, she's just a performer with a troupe of her own.

P38: But...

P38: ...I get it.

Desert Eagle: Can you hear it? The feelings in her song...

Desert Eagle: She poured her experiences and thoughts into her creations, and she sang them over and over again, day in and day out.

P38: So her songs are so moving because she put her feelings into them... That's how humans do it.

Desert Eagle: Dolls can do it too.

Gr HK45: ...I understand.

P38: What do you understand?

Desert Eagle: What do you think the heart is, P38?

P38: The heart...you mean our neural cloud?

P38: It's the foundation of our thinking.

Desert Eagle: That's what the "human heart" is too.

Desert Eagle: Our neural clouds were made in imitation of the human brain. They aren't a perfect imitation, but at the very least they can record memories.

P38: Memories... My factory settings and my memories have combined to make the person that I am now...

P38: Just like...how she went through war?

Desert Eagle: Memories are rooted in the neural cloud. They spring from life, then you take them in and incorporate them into your experiences.

Desert Eagle: To us, the contents of our neural cloud are our treasure. In that respect, we're very similar to humans.

Desert Eagle: What truly shines isn't our appearance, but our heart.

Desert Eagle: Different moods and experiences can color a performer in completely different ways.

Desert Eagle: And the thing that will actually draw in the audience is the light you give off with each note of every song you sing and each step of every dance you perform.

P38: It's just like how my songs sound best when I'm singing in my room... I'm good at a cappella songs because my heart longs for something like that...

P38: I get it now, Miss Desert Eagle! I know what you're trying to tell me!

Desert Eagle smiles and nods.

Singer On Stage: We have no time to wait, get up now—

Singer On Stage: I'm not gonna die here, that's what I'm fighting for!
Part 9: A Witch's Night

9

Four days later, in the Star Chamber.

Desert Eagle: Alright, stop.

P38: (Pants)

P38: How about now, Miss Desert Eagle?

Desert Eagle: Your singing, dancing and accompaniment...

Idols-To-Be: ...

Desert Eagle: Are all perfect. Congratulations, girls. You're ready to take the stage.

Idols-To-Be: Woohoo!

Desert Eagle: You're scheduled to perform tonight, right? I'll be there.

Desert Eagle: I'm looking forward to your show, ladies.

Desert Eagle leaves.

P38 slumps bonelessly down into a sitting position.

Spectre M4: What's wrong, P38? Are you alright?

P38: I'm, I'm fine... But I'm super nervous... I mean, it's tonight! It's happening tonight, what will we do if something goes wrong?!

Gr HK45: Don't be too tense... If you're worried, why don't you get some rest? Go charge yourself up and prepare for tonight.

Spectre M4: I feel that will be very necessary.

P38: Al-alright... No, I need to believe in myself a little more.

P38: I'm the lead singer for this show... I need to put my best foot forward! The most foolish thing I can do before a live show is to be frightened of making mistakes!

Gr HK45: ...

Spectre M4: ...

P38: W-what's wrong?

Gr HK45: It's nothing... You've changed though, P38.

Gr HK45: You've got the look of a lead singer now, you know? You were really captivating just now.

P38: What the heck... Anyway, see you tonight, I'll be heading back for now!

That night.

After an intense battle, the tired Dolls trudge back to Griffin. After being screened at the base checkpoint, they slowly head for the repair bay.

Just then, the lights along their path suddenly come on.

Carcano M1891: The lights over here shouldn't be on now, right?

Zas M21: Are they voice-activated now?

Carcano M1891: Doesn't look like it... Wow, look at that!

Zas M21: I see people standing on the platform in the grass patch... It's Gr HK45, Spectre M4...and who's that all the way in front?

Carcano M1891: I can't tell, but she looks kind of familiar...

As their colleagues look at them, the three execute a graceful bow.

Then, the Doll in the center picks up the mic and begins a tender song.

Mysterious Singer: Looking down on the streets from the highest place... Things like tears and sadness will soon vanish.

Mysterious Singer: The birds, the wind, and light are all my friends...

Mysterious Singer: I'll take my dreams far away, far away, however far.

Carcano M1891: ...Did the Commander invite a singer over?

Carcano M1891: She has a lovely voice.

Zas M21: I've heard this song before.

Zas M21: But the original singer never made it sound so soothing and gentle.

Carcano M1891: So you're saying it's bad?

Zas M21: No, not at all. At least, right now, it feels good to me.

Mysterious Singer: I want to flap my wings and fly so free in the blue sky in my heart.

Zas M21: "Far away blue sky... The sky goes on into tomorrow..."

At some point, the Dolls hurrying past because of work have all slowed down, and the idle Dolls have been drawn over.

One of the Dolls plugs the sound into the Griffin PA system, and the gentle croon fills the entire base.

Kalina: That's all our work for today! Thanks for your hard work, Commander!

Kalina: Huh? Someone's singing on the public channel...

Ribeyrolles: ...

Ribeyrolles: If only I could...

Springfield: Hm...whose singing is this?

Springfield: So that's what that girl was talking about.

Springfield: A song like this needs to be recorded.

The song ends.

The Dolls assembled on the field break into spontaneous applause.

The three Dolls bow one last time before the lights go out, and they vanish into the darkness.
Part 10: Dazzling Future

10

In front of the Star Chamber.

P38: Looks like someone uploaded the video onto Griff-chan...

Spectre M4: I saw it, it got a ton of likes!

Spectre M4: MDR said she'd like us to join the live broadcast, P38! Us!!!

P38: Yeah, I got the message too...

P38: We did it... We did it, Gr HK45, Spectre M4!

Gr HK45: We really did it!

Gr HK45: I can hardly believe it, though I've always been very eye-catching myself.

P38: Hey! Still, that IS true.

P38: Thank you, Gr HK45. If you hadn't come that day, things might not have ended up like this...

Gr HK45: Hey, I was just doing my part for a singer I liked. No need to stand on ceremony. If you want to thank me, why not support me on the late night radio show?

P38: Yes, I will. I'll go tonight.

Gr HK45: Aw, no need to be so serious.

Gr HK45: I'll be counting on you for future shows, then. Let's work together, Apprentice Witch, and... "Spectre"?

Spectre M4: Don't just decide my stage name like that! It doesn't stand out at all!

Gr HK45: But it does suit your style, doesn't it?

Spectre M4: Okay, so it does, but it's really annoying to have to admit it!

Desert Eagle: That was a good performance.

P38: Ack! Miss Desert Eagle!? When did you...

Desert Eagle: I just arrived. You were too noisy and didn't hear me approaching.

P38: I, I'm sorry...

Desert Eagle: There's no need to apologize. I saw the whole thing, and while you seemed a little tense at first, on the whole it was very well done.

P38: Hehe, that's all thanks to your teachings...

Desert Eagle: I simply showed you the way. However skilled a polisher might be, she still needs a worthy gem to make it shine.

Spectre M4: I feel embarrassed when you say that...but we'll do our best!

Desert Eagle: I believe in all of you.

Gr HK45: A compliment from our mentor has completely wiped away all the fatigue from the show.

Gr HK45: The high fees we paid to hire a veteran like you were truly worthwhile!

Desert Eagle: Fees?

P38: Huh?

Desert Eagle: You were saying something about fees?

Gr HK45: ...How did you know that we needed help?

Desert Eagle: Stechkin told me.

Desert Eagle: She said you needed help putting on a show, so I came over right away.

P38: Ah, and you didn't ask for an appearance fee or anything?

Desert Eagle: We're all fellow colleagues in Griffin, why would I ask for such a thing?

Desert Eagle: ...What's with that look on your faces?

Stechkin: Consider it a tuition fee.

After a brief silence, a wrathful voice fills the dorm block.

P38, Gr HK45 & Spectre M4: STEEEEEEEECHKIIIIIIIN!
Part 11: Interlude of Dreams

    11chevron_right

P38: Can we put this junk in the corner?

Gr HK45: It would be better on the shelves, right?

Gr HK45: Come, I'll empty this side out~

P38: You're amazing, Gr HK45! Is this a necessary quality for idols too?

Gr HK45: Well, if you want to take part in talent shows, you need to learn all sorts of things, you know.

P38: I've got a long way to go...

Gr HK45: Aw, don't say that. There's a difference between idols and singers.

Gr HK45: Whew... Now we've made room!

P38: We'll raise up the area close to the shelves and use it as a dance stage, and put the lights on top of the shelves...

P38: That should work.

Gr HK45: Oh, there's one more thing.

Gr HK45: Don't you think we're missing a very important thing in our prep work?

P38: A...very important thing?

Gr HK45: We haven't named our venue yet!

P38: Does a venue need a name? We don't even have a name for ourselves...

Gr HK45: It's not the same thing. We can have all kinds of fancy names, but there needs to be a special significance to this venue.

Gr HK45: If we take everything seriously, we'll have an easier time getting the outcome we want.

P38: What you say does make sense... But what should we call it?

Gr HK45: We'll leave that to Miss Center Stage here!

P38: I...hm...

P38: I want to shine brightly, like the stars in the sky.

P38: So why don't we call this place "Where Stars Are Born", or the "Star Chamber"?

Gr HK45: The Star Chamber, that sounds really cool! It's just like what a major label would call it. Let's go with that, then. Hm... "Star Chamber"... Got it, and now we just need to hang it up... I can't reach it!

P38: I'll help you up. Be careful, okay.

MDR: P38? Did you hear what I just said?

P38: I did, I did! I was just thinking.

MDR: Picking a group name is very important, but you don't have the luxury of taking your time to think it over!

MDR: We'll be advertising the event tonight, so hurry up and make up your mind now.

P38: I know. "If we take everything seriously, we'll have an easier time getting the outcome we want."

P38: Hm... We're rising stars, so our group will be called...

P38: "Morningstar".

Early evening on a certain weekend, at the Griffin base.

Inside Miss Springfield's café.

Lee Enfield: ...Excuse me.

Lee Enfield enters the café alone at a time when most people have already called it a day.

Fortunately, the owner of the café is still polishing her clean glasses.

Springfield: Welcome, Miss Lee.

Springfield: Have you completed your mission?

Lee Enfield: Oh yes, it's over.

Lee Enfield: I was just debriefed. The Commander said I could have the next two days off.

Springfield: And you headed straight to the café? You do me such an honor.

Lee Enfield: ...Please don't make fun of me. I keep visiting because your black tea always warms me right to the core.

Springfield: Very few would say that with such a straight face.

Lee Enfield: I'm just being honest with what I think.

Lee Enfield: Besides, you deserve such praise.

Springfield: You're earnest as ever.

Lee sits down quietly at the bar, and Springfield gets to work wordlessly.

In the tranquil space, the refined aroma of black tea fills the air.

Lee Enfield: As expected of your skills. This single cuppa is enough to wipe away all my stress.

Springfield: Black tea is a rather finicky drink. It will just be wasted on a crude tongue.

Lee Enfield: So, what have been troubling you?

Springfield: ...Sorry?

Lee Enfield: Please don't bother trying to hide it from me, Miss Springfield.

Lee Enfield: I'm not that dense. You have always been there for me, so if there is anything I can do to help...

Lee Enfield: I am morally obliged to do whatever I can.

Springfield: Gosh, what am I supposed to say to that? I'm not sure if I should applaud your perspicacity or chide you for being insensitive.

Lee Enfield: Was that insensitive? I do apologize.

Springfield: No, I don't really mean to admonish you.

Springfield: Rather, I'm very glad that you're so candid.

Springfield: Hmm, you're right – I AM feeling a little troubled because of a small matter. I'm not quire sure what to do.

Lee Enfield: Something that troubles even you?

Lee Enfield: I doubt it's that small a matter.

Springfield: It isn't wise to be excessively modest or ingratiating, Miss Lee.

Springfield: It IS just a small matter. The café has been a bit understaffed recently, so I'm in something of a conundrum right now.

Lee Enfield: Am I being excessively ingratiating? But I genuinely think you are a remarkable Doll, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Oh my, you with your frankness.

Springfield: Hmm... Oh, that's right!

Lee Enfield: Hmm?

Springfield: Actually, you might just be able to help me with this, Miss Lee.

Lee Enfield: So...what exactly is this "small matter"?

Springfield: I'm sure you must have heard about it.

Springfield: The café has been closing a little earlier on Fridays.

Lee Enfield: Yes, I am aware of that.

Lee Enfield: But since it stays open till pretty late usually, so it doesn't matter all that much.

Lee Enfield: Still, some Dolls have also noticed the change.

Springfield: Would you like to know why?

Lee Enfield: ...Should I?

Springfield: Haha, relax, Miss Lee. It's kinda cute how uneasy that made you.

Springfield: Right, I believe it's time I extended the invitation to you.

Lee Enfield: Invitation?

Springfield: It's the same matter that's been on my mind.

Springfield: I have a date tonight.

Lee Enfield: Date—

Lee Enfield: ...With the Commander?

Springfield: I don't often see you so surprised, but I think you're getting the wrong idea.

Springfield: Since the Carcanos have received an assignment at short notice, we're suddenly two Dolls short.

Springfield: That's what has been troubling me.

Lee Enfield: Two Dolls short... I see, so it isn't THAT kind of date.

Lee Enfield: In other words, you'd like me to fill up the opening?

Springfield: You're quick to catch on. Fantastic.

Lee Enfield: I understand now.

Lee Enfield: If that's all it is, I'll be happy to help.

Lee Enfield: But what is this gathering about?

Springfield: Your tea is going cold, so you'd better drink it first.

Springfield: No rush... Allow me to keep it a secret for now.

Springfield: I think you'll like it.

Lee Enfield: ...?
Part 2: Player

2

After a while, Springfield flips the sign on the café door to "closed" and changes out of her barista uniform.

Lee Enfield: You really are closing earlier than usual.

Springfield: But there aren't usually any customers at this hour.

WA2000: ...

Lee Enfield: Oh... Sorry, we just closed, Miss WA2000.

WA2000: ...What is this block of wood doing here?

Springfield: Miss Cano and Miss Ceno are out on a mission.

Springfield: So I've invited Miss Lee along to fill up the opening.

Lee Enfield: I see... So Miss WA2000 is also a guest to the gathering?

Springfield: That's right, and so are Miss Kar and Miss Mosin-Nagant... Are they not with you, WA2000?

WA2000: They're still working on some reports and said they'd be here when they're done.

WA2000: I'm really thirsty... What's there to drink?

Springfield: I just tidied up. Would a cup of tea do for now?

WA2000: Why tea? I thought this is a café!

WA2000: ...It's leftovers from what you made her, isn't it?!

Lee Enfield: Well...sorry.

WA2000: ...Who asked you to apologize? I'll take whatever there is.

Springfield: You won't make any friends if you're always so sulky.

WA2000: Shut up.

Lee Enfield: Still, I didn't expect to see you here, Miss WA2000.

Lee Enfield: What exactly is this gathering about?

WA2000: ...You didn't tell her anything at all?

Springfield: I thought it'd be fun to keep things mysterious.

WA2000: Nonsense. You just don't want her to freak out and run off, right?

Lee Enfield: ...I'm not sure what exactly this is all about, but I promise I won't run off.

Springfield: Haha, that's right. I have faith in Miss Lee.

Lee Enfield: So...isn't it time you told me the truth?

Lee Enfield: What IS the point of this meeting?

Lee Enfield: Miss Springfield, Miss WA2000, Miss Kar98k, and Miss Mosin-Nagant.

Lee Enfield: Plus the Carcanos, who should've been here as well.

Lee Enfield: I can't see anything in common just from the list of guests...

Lee Enfield: Don't tell me it's a shooting match?

WA2000: It's hardly that big of a deal... I now feel a bit sorry since you're taking this so seriously.

Springfield: WA2000 is a good kid at heart.

WA2000: Shut it! I'll leave if you keep saying annoying stuff like that!

Springfield: WA2000 is right though, Miss Lee.

Springfield: This little gathering of ours doesn't serve any mighty purpose.

Springfield: If I must say... Hmm, it's just a small tradition among us rifle T-Dolls.

Lee Enfield: A small tradition?

WA2000: We're all elite T-Dolls... Which should be obvious, since any group I'm in is bound to be full of elites.

Springfield: There, there, be a good girl.

WA2000: I'm really going to leave!

WA2000: ...Jeez, where was I?

WA2000: Oh... Right, we're all in the frontline on-call force so we pretty much always handle the toughest jobs.

WA2000: A while ago, Springfield came up with this idea and got us all together every week.

WA2000: It's just a small gathering for some R&R.

Springfield: And we get our R&R...through this.

Springfield takes out a deck of cards.

Lee Enfield: Poker?

Springfield: That's right, this is our Weekend Poker Night.

Lee Enfield: ...I've never heard of this at all.

WA2000: That's 'cause when you aren't on duty, you're on the training ground.

WA2000: Or you're busy with all kinds of stuff... You never give people any time to invite you to do something fun.

WA2000: That's why I was so surprised to see you here today.

Springfield: Which is also why I couldn't let this precious opportunity slip away.

Springfield: It'd be really interesting if you could join us, Miss Lee.

Lee Enfield: Poker Night, eh...?

Lee Enfield: I'm not too familiar with the game, but you're all gathered here just to play poker?

Springfield: Don't underestimate poker, Miss Lee.

Springfield: Or you'll regret it.

Lee Enfield: ...Is that a challenge?

Springfield: I suppose it is, Miss Lee.

Springfield: I think you'll lose even against WA2000.

WA2000: ...

WA2000: ...Wait a minute!

WA2000: What do you mean "even against" me?
Part 3: Bet

3

Springfield: Well, Miss Lee? Interested?

Lee Enfield: Whether I'm interested isn't the point. I did agree to help you out, so I will not leave halfway through.

Lee Enfield: But I must express my indignation at being belittled.

WA2000: Hey, stop treating me as if I weren't here!

WA2000: You're both very much belittling me.

Springfield: If you feel indignant, then prove me wrong at the poker table.

Springfield: I've always believed you to be someone who keeps their true colors hidden well.

Springfield: Of course, I'll do my job as a host and explain the rules.

WA2000: Say...I don't know what exactly you're trying to do, but don't just start provoking her.

WA2000: Poker isn't that hard to play, but players with experience are in a completely different league.

WA2000: Taking us on will most likely end in embarrassment for you, you know?

Lee Enfield: I understand, of course. I'm not naive enough to believe a beginner can beat experienced players easily.

WA2000: ...Are you sure?

WA2000: I think you totally got provoked.

Lee Enfield: More importantly, I'm more concerned about the nature of this poker game.

Lee Enfield: Does it involve gambling?

Springfield: Don't worry, Miss Lee.

Springfield: It really is just a game.

Springfield: We'd be breaking the rules if gambling was involved.

Springfield: Even if the Commander didn't forbid it, I wouldn't have condoned it either.

Lee Enfield: I see. In that case, I have no problem with it.

Lee Enfield: Please explain the rules to me before the other two guests arrive.

WA2000: Now she's all fired up...

Springfield: Hmm, it will probably take them a while to get here.

Springfield: No rush, Lee.

Springfield: Why don't the three of us play a little game while we wait for them?

Lee Enfield: ...A little game?
Part 4: Call

4

Springfield: Then I shall start explaining the rules.

Springfield: Miss Lee, do you know what this card is?

Lee Enfield: Oh, please. Of course I know what that card is.

Lee Enfield: It's the Joker, right?

Springfield: Correct. Since you already know the basics, it will take us only half the time to get through everything.

Lee Enfield: In a deck of cards, there are Spades, Hearts, Clubs, and Diamonds with 13 cards in each suit, plus two Jokers.

Lee Enfield: That's what I don't understand, Miss Springfield.

Lee Enfield: Why have you got four Jokers?

Springfield: That concerns the rules of our little game.

Springfield: Miss Lee, I'm going to shuffle the four Jokers and keep three of them – one for each of us.

Springfield: When we get our card, we hold it up and show it to the other two players – without looking at our own card.

Springfield: That's when the game begins.

WA2000: ...Ugh, I hate this game.

Lee Enfield: ...Care to explain, Miss WA2000?

WA2000: Simply put, three of the four Jokers will be randomly distributed among the three of us.

WA2000: So two of us will definitely have identical Jokers, while someone will have the odd one out, right?

WA2000: The rules are straightforward – the two players with the identical Jokers have to figure out who the impostor is.

WA2000: While the impostor has to deceive the other two players and protect herself.

Lee Enfield: ...That simple?

WA2000: Simple? ...Wait till you've actually played it.

Springfield: Alright, I'm distributing the cards then.

Springfield: By the way, I did not cheat when shuffling the cards.

Springfield: This game is absolutely fair.

Lee Enfield: Of course. I trust you.

...

The cards are distributed.

The three Dolls hold up their respective card. Lee looks at the two cards she can see.

Springfield has a "Big Joker".

WA2000 has a "Little Joker".

Lee Enfield: ...

I get it now.

Lee Enfield: The reason you drew three cards randomly out of four is to avoid knowing which card is the "impostor" beforehand, right?

Springfield: You catch on very quickly.

Lee Enfield: Even though we can't see our own card, it's still obvious whether we are the impostor or not.

Lee Enfield: The players who aren't the impostor see two different cards, but since they don't know whether the Big Joker or the Little Joker is the odd one out, they won't be able to tell who is the real impostor.

Lee Enfield: Meanwhile, the impostor sees two identical cards, which gives her an advantage as she's fully aware of the situation and can start planning accordingly right away.

WA2000: Exactly.

Lee Enfield: It certain is a "little game".

Lee Enfield: I don't think it's going to last very long.

WA2000: Humph...

WA2000: If only it was that simple.

Lee Enfield: It isn't?

Lee Enfield: Then let me start. I can see that Miss WA2000 has a Big Joker and Miss Springfield has a Little Joker.

WA2000: Oh...crap.

Lee Enfield: Crap?

Springfield: Oh? Game over, WA2000.

Springfield: You're the impostor, aren't you?

WA2000: ...What the hell are you saying?

Springfield: Because I can see that Miss Lee has a Little Joker, while you have a Big Joker.

WA2000: Lee's card is a Big Joker! Don't you dare throw dust in our eyes! You...always lie so blatantly through that innocuous smile of yours!

Springfield: My, that was a bit mean... Alright, I could be lying, but so could you, WA2000.

Springfield: If you're going to defend your lies by attacking me, Miss Lee won't fall for that.

Lee Enfield: ...I see. I know what you mean by "oh crap".

Lee Enfield: The moment I stated what cards I see...

Lee Enfield: I became responsible for making the final "verdict", didn't I?

Springfield: That's precisely the case, Miss Lee.

Springfield: This is essentially a game of "deception" and "spotting deception".

Springfield: Who's the liar – me or WA2000?

Springfield: What do you think?

Springfield: Now it's up to you to decide how this game will go.

WA2000: You don't have to over-complicate things! Just consider what she's usually like!

WA2000: You know how cunning she can be – she's totally lying!

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee now finds herself in a conundrum. The thing is, the game itself follows an extremely simple logic – so simple it warrants no deduction at all.

No matter who's lying, WA2000 and Springfield have both made arguments that are completely valid.

In other words, until the answer is revealed, it is practically impossible to verify her suspicions.

This is, without a doubt, a "gamble" that relies solely on rhetoric and intuition.

And these just so happen to be Lee's weaknesses.

Lee Enfield: No...

No, Lee still believes that there is inevitably a logical connection between everything.

Once something happens, it is bound to generate a causal relation with something else, and to find the key to the problem, one needs only to trace the chain of causality.

Lee Enfield: Miss Springfield was the first to clear herself up, right?

Lee Enfield: You were in such a rush to declare your innocence – it's not your style at all.

Springfield: My style? And what do you think that is?

Lee Enfield: From what I know about you...

Lee Enfield: I'd say you ought to be more composed in this kind of game.

Springfield: Hmm, that's a clever way of going at it.

Springfield: If you can't find any clues from the game itself, try to identify any mistakes that the players have made.

Springfield: That's the whole point of the game.

Springfield: The simpler the rules, the more room it gives players to explore different possibilities.

Springfield: But if that's the case, I have another question for you, Miss Lee.

Springfield: If like you said, I ought to be more composed in this kind of game...

Springfield: Then why would I be so eager to draw attention to myself and become the target of your suspicion?

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: You have a point. Now I seem to be contradicting myself.

WA2000: Don't be fooled by her wheedling!

WA2000: You can't play this game properly if you take everything at face value.

WA2000: She knows what you're like, which is why she's so quick to manipulating your first impression. She's making you second-guess yourself so that you'll end up dancing to her tune.

WA2000: By the time you realize what's going on, she'll be leading you by the nose!

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: That also makes sense.

Springfield: Of course I have to try to sway your judgment, or what would be the point in playing this game?

Springfield: However, you must also make up your own mind, Miss Lee, or this game will never be over.

Springfield: Forget about everything we've said and reach your own conclusion.

Lee Enfield: ...I was too quick and presumptuous to dismiss this game...

Lee Enfield: What a tough dilemma I've put myself in.

Springfield: It's the first time you're playing with slick people like us, after all.

Springfield: So don't beat yourself up if you lose, 'kay?

Lee Enfield: Hmm...

Lee Enfield: Then I shall give my answer.

Springfield: Who is the impostor?

Lee Enfield: I think it's you, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Your reason being?

Lee Enfield: I can't offer any proof as this game is centered around one's ability to tell "who's lying".

Lee Enfield: However, since there isn't sufficient objective evidence, all suppositions are based on nothing more than subjective speculation.

WA2000: So basically, it's just a "hunch", right?

Lee Enfield: Exactly.

Lee Enfield: From what I can see, Miss Springfield seemed just a little too keen on expressing her opinion to me, who has to make the ultimate decision.

Lee Enfield: Besides, your comments all seemed rather intent on protecting your own reputation.

Lee Enfield: That's why I find you more likely to be the impostor than Miss WA2000.

Springfield: I see.

Springfield: Because I look more sly?

Lee Enfield: ...That's not what I said. It really is just a personal conjecture.

Lee Enfield: Let's reveal the answer. I want to know if I'm right.

Springfield: What a shame.

Springfield puts down her card. As Lee has declared, it's a Little Joker.

Then Lee puts down her own card...

WA2000: I told you, didn't I?

WA2000: Someone with a one-track mind isn't suited to playing poker.

Lee Enfield: ...!

Springfield: One tends to make mistakes when they take things too seriously and think themselves into a blind alley.

On the table lies Lee's card – also a Little Joker.
Part 5: Odds

5

Lee Enfield: Miss WA2000...

WA2000: Why are you so surprised?

WA2000: I'm an elite T-Doll born to kill. This kind of tactical mind game is a piece of cake for me.

WA2000: At the end of the day, it IS a simple game.

WA2000: You just thought too much.

Lee Enfield: You aren't as simple as I thought...

WA2000: ...Are you calling me an idiot?

WA2000: I hope you're not being a sore loser.

Lee Enfield: When I'm out on the field, I often find myself in situations where I have to "gamble".

Lee Enfield: If I make the wrong bet, I won't be the only one to suffer the consequences.

Lee Enfield: As a team leader, I must take responsibility for my own decisions.

Springfield: Well, this was your first time. It's only natural that you got it wrong.

Springfield: Don't dwell on it, Miss Lee.

Springfield: Your cautious nature and bold judgment need to be supplemented by a wealth of experience.

Springfield: You may be invincible on the battlefield, yet you're being taken advantage of at the poker table – and this is why.

Springfield: You simply haven't played enough.

WA2000: Now don't get the wrong idea.

WA2000: We're playing poker here to get away from our daily life of blood and carnage.

WA2000: If you're here with that kind of attitude, then you're completely missing the point.

Lee Enfield: But we are T-Dolls, Miss WA2000. It is our duty to fight.

Lee Enfield: Is there really a point for us to be doing this?

WA2000: I don't know if there's any point, but I want to do it, so I do it.

WA2000: We may be T-Dolls, but it's entirely up to you whether you want to be more like a person or a tool.

WA2000: Humans are weaker than us and require "entertainment" to regulate their mental state.

WA2000: What can we gain through "entertainment"?

WA2000: I'm also looking for an answer to that question myself.

Springfield: You said something characteristically wise, WA2000.

Springfield: Still, did you just call Miss Lee a "tool"?

Springfield: Don't think that jab went unnoticed.

WA2000: ...Shut up! Mind your own business!

Lee Enfield: So I should approach this as a kind of entertainment...?
Part 6: Deal

6

WA2000: I told you not to beat yourself up.

WA2000: And I did warn you not to take it so seriously, didn't I?

Springfield: You can't just relax and have fun, so now you're beating yourself up.

Springfield: And since you're busy beating yourself up, you find it even harder to relax and have fun.

Springfield: You can be surprisingly tricky to deal with, Miss Lee.

Lee Enfield: ...I'm really sorry.

Springfield: But now I'm very glad that I invited you to play with us.

Springfield: If we can at least help you relax even just a bit, it'll all be worth it.

Kar98k: I could sense a wave of heavy gloom that smelled like tea from all the way outside.

Kar98k: I was just wondering who that could be. So it's you.

Mosin-Nagant: Haha, what happened here? What's with that mopey face? Did Miss Springfield bully you?

Springfield: Hey, I'm not a bully.

Springfield: You two sure took your sweet time. We've already finished a round.

Mosin-Nagant: What? How dare you play without us... Dammit!

Mosin-Nagant: But eh, can't be helped. It's our own fault for being late, haha.

Kar98k: Ah, so that...was the gloom of a loser.

Kar98k: This won't do. Straighten up. If you lose, you win it back tenfold.

Kar98k: That's the way of the poker table.

WA2000: I won, okay?! Now sit down already.

Mosin-Nagant: Da, da, you're always so impatient, WA2000. So you won a single game. Aren't you worried you're gonna lose it all later?

Kar98k: Where are Cano and Ceno?

Springfield: They're out on a mission at short notice.

Springfield: Miss Lee is here in their place.

Kar98k: You're substituting two ferocious eagles with a chirpy robin...?

Kar98k: That's hilarious.

Springfield: If you don't watch out, the robin might just become a knight with a sharp blade.

WA2000: So what are we playing this week?

Springfield: Right, we've got everyone.

Springfield: Then as usual...let me first think you all for a week of hard work.

Mosin-Nagant: Haha, don't mention it!

Mosin-Nagant: Working for the Commander is a lot easier than dealing with the petite bourgeoisie.

Kar98k: Humph...I do look forward to having the Commander join us one day.

Kar98k: With that kind of strategic thinking, the Commander would make for a worthy opponent at the poker table.

Springfield: That's a great suggestion, but unlike us...

Springfield: A human’s health will suffer if they don't rest properly after work, so the Commander can't stay up so late to play with us.

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: ...Then let's begin, Miss Springfield.

Lee Enfield: If there are five of us, how many Jokers will we need?

Springfield: Oh, have you pulled yourself together?

Springfield: Sadly, since we're all here, we're done with small games.

Springfield: Now, have you heard of "five-card stud"?

Lee Enfield: ...Five-card stud?
Part 7: Goddess of Luck

7

WA2000: We're doing five-card stud this week...?

Mosin-Nagant: Dang it. I'm not good at that.

Springfield: Do you know the rules of five-card stud, Miss Lee?

Lee Enfield: Sorry, I know very little about poker in general. I'm guessing we get five cards each and see who has the most powerful hand?

Kar98k: Exactly. Details about hand values are on the table.

Kar98k: The game goes like this – each player is dealt a hole card at the start, then a card is dealt face-up, followed by a betting round; repeat until everyone gets four upcards, and it ends with a showdown if necessary.

Mosin-Nagant: Very easy to pick up.

Springfield: I'll go into more detail.

Springfield: Once all players have posted their antes, they'll each be dealt a card face-down, then they'll be dealt a card face-up for each round, and the player with the strongest showing hand will get to bet first and decide how much they want to bet.

Springfield: Other players can either "call", "raise", or "fold".

Springfield: After the final round is dealt, all players who are still in the game will flip over their hole card and reveal their entire hand.

Springfield: There aren't that many of us today, so we'll only be using 28 cards from the deck.

Springfield: Since nobody knows what your hole card is, and there's no telling which card you'll be dealt next, this is a game that requires both acting skills and plenty of luck – a perfect game for a beginner.

Lee Enfield: It sounds...pretty similar to the one we just played. Another game that centers around deception.

Springfield: That's right, though this time there's also an element of luck involved.

Kar98k: Or to put it another way... The technical difficulty of the game depends on the players themselves.

Kar98k: It's up to you whether to deceive or be deceived.

Lee Enfield: I see.

Lee Enfield: However...if we'll be making bets, shouldn't there be chips?

Springfield: Of course. They're right here.

Springfield takes out a box from underneath a table nearby. She opens it and reveals the stacks of colorful poker chips.

Lee Enfield: ...This somehow brings home the fact that we're really doing this...and I'm starting to feel uneasy again.

Springfield: I told you – it's just a game, Lee.

Springfield: These chips won't be exchanged for anything.

Springfield: They're just for keeping score in the game.

Mosin-Nagant: Gambling is a big no-no. The Commander would have our heads if we did it.

WA2000: The Commander doesn't have the spine to do that...

Kar98k: You'll probably get no more than a gentle chiding.

Lee Enfield: In other words, this game has no financial reward of any kind.

Lee Enfield: You only try your best to win...because you love winning?

Springfield: That's right.

Springfield: Isn't that enough?

Lee Enfield: ...You have a point.

Lee Enfield: Everyone here does seem to be the type that absolutely hates losing.

Kar98k: If we must play, then of course we play to win. Isn't that obvious?

Mosin-Nagant: What's the point in thinking about losing before we even start?

Springfield: The same naturally goes for WA2000 as well. She went all-out even against a complete beginner like you.

WA2000: ...Shut up!

WA2000: Pulling punches is really disrespectful to one's opponents, don't you think?

WA2000: Not to mention...

WA2000: A cocky beginner thinks she can walk all over us even though she has zero experience? Who does she think she is?

Springfield: ...Now that you mention it...

Springfield: You're right.

Springfield: Miss Lee, your restlessness is almost palpable.

Lee Enfield: Deal the cards.

Lee Enfield: I'm ready.
Part 8: Blind

8

The rules of five-card stud are quite simple, but like the warm-up game that Lee played before, its complexity lies in the players.

The showing hands are there on the table for all to see.

And that's what makes the game interesting – you never know if a player's next card will turn the tables.

Or what their hole card is.

Lee Enfield: Five-card stud is essentially no different than the little game we just played.

WA2000: That's right, so are you ready to get cleaned out?

WA2000: I know we aren't supposed to be gambling, but if I win...

Springfield: If you win?

WA2000: L-let me use the kitchen in your café for a bit!

Mosin-Nagant: Alright! I know whom I'll be targeting first!

Kar98k: I'm sorry, my friend.

Kar98k: But I must defend Deutschland's honor.

WA2000: What's that supposed to mean?!

Lee's hole card is the Queen of Clubs.

Her first upcard is the Queen of Spades.

Springfield: That's a pretty good start for Miss Lee.

Springfield: You might want to raise.

Springfield's first upcard is the Eight of Diamonds.

The smallest hand on the table.

Kar98k: She may be a beginner, but you'll wound her ego if you look out for her too much.

Kar98k: The Lee Enfield I know is an elite who likes to rely on herself.

Lee Enfield: Sorry, Miss Springfield.

Lee Enfield: But Miss Kar is right. Please let me handle this myself.

Lee Enfield: From the moment this game began, we're rivals.

Springfield: Hmm, you have a point.

Springfield: Go ahead and place your bet, WA2000. I’m going to raise.

Kar98k: ...Oh? You seem to have a pretty good hole card.

Springfield: (Chuckles) Who knows? Maybe I'm just bluffing?

WA2000: Trying to scare us with just a raise? You're not giving us enough credit.

Lee watches silently as the other players bicker with each other, making cutting remarks that almost send sparks flying into the air.

She isn't completely ignorant when it comes to poker games – she has come across such scenes when reading.

The protagonist would engage in a battle of wits and nerves, and they would win with their superior talent, courage, and just a bit of luck.

Everybody loves stories like that.

But Lee knows that reality is nothing like fiction – or rather, everyone is a protagonist in the story called life.

She has practically no chance of winning against these experienced players. She has no doubt about that.

Lee Enfield: I fold.

Mosin-Nagant: Oh? How decisive.

Fortunately – she is in no rush to win.

There is still plenty of time and chips.
Part 9: 1v1

9

The stacks of chips have been passed back and forth several times. The impasse is finally broken when the first player has to leave the table.

Springfield: With that, WA2000 has run out of chips.

WA2000: Arghhhhh! Scheiße!

Kar98k: Folding when your opponents were bluffing and raising when we actually had a good hand.

Kar98k: Should I say that's exactly your style?

Kar98k: You're as gung-ho as ever.

Mosin-Nagant: But spunk alone won't get you very far, haha.

WA2000: Sure, laugh at me! You'll also be out of chips soon!

Mosin-Nagant: Well, I'm not as daring as you.

Mosin-Nagant: Besides, I know I'm certainly no match for Springfield and Kar in this kind of game.

Mosin-Nagant: I'm just happy I wasn't the first to lose.

Kar98k: That reminds me...

Kar98k looks over at Lee, who has managed to make herself incredibly inconspicuous.

Kar98k: Your chips are almost untouched.

Kar98k: You won't win if you keep folding right off the bat, you know?

Lee Enfield: That's true, but it's more sensible to conserve my chips early on.

Lee Enfield: Otherwise, I won't even have the opportunity to turn the tables.

Mosin-Nagant: You've seen these two in action, but instead of getting intimidated, you're even more determined to win?

Mosin-Nagant: How very much like you! You have my support!

Springfield: Hmm, I was just going to ask you about your thoughts.

Springfield: You've been observing us for a while, what conclusions have you come to?

Lee Enfield: ...You saw right through me.

So far, Lee has refrained from participating in the clash.

Thanks to WA2000 and her aggressive ways, she has been the center of everyone's attention, leaving Lee free to keep a low profile.

...Naturally, she knows full well that it's largely because nobody is taking her seriously as a worthy opponent.

It also isn't her intention to commit slow suicide – she has been observing the game this whole time.

WA2000 isn't exactly bad at strategies. Her apparent rashness and thoughtlessness are a kind of deception in and of themselves.

In the warm-up game that they played earlier, it was this very trick that had Lee fooled.

But she simply isn't as skilled at masking her emotions as the others, so she often gives herself away.

Mosin-Nagant's style is basically "slow and steady". However, this also reflects a weakness in her play – the same kind of carelessness and inattentiveness that are also in her character.

It can be surmised that out of the five players, she is probably the one who cares the least about winning or losing, so even if she's dealt a bad hand, she doesn't show it – which actually works to her advantage.

Kar98k is the most inscrutable. Her face is practically an iron wall. She looks so placid she might as well be at a tea party.

Her tone and expression are completely static.

However, she isn't completely invulnerable... That ego, which can rival Lee's, could well become her stumbling block.

As for Springfield...

Lee Enfield: ...

Springfield: Hmm?

...Lee honestly can't tell what's hidden behind her disarming smile.

Lee Enfield: Anyway... Sorry about that.

Lee Enfield: From now on, I'll be fighting in earnest.

Kar98k: Good.

Kar98k: Playing it safe is the reason why you've managed to stay in till now.

Kar98k: Let's see how long you'll last at the table.

Mosin-Nagant: Though someone didn't survive long enough to actually play against you.

WA2000: I! Did! Play! Against! Her! Okay?!

WA2000: And you lot have been coming after me the whole time!

WA2000: Did you want me to lose so badly?!

Mosin-Nagant: Haha... It's true, I didn't really wanna let you win...

Springfield: Thank you for keeping my kitchen safe.

Kar98k: I was just protecting myself.

Lee Enfield: ...The kitchen in the café, huh...?

Mosin-Nagant: You'd better not say anything upsetting.

Mosin-Nagant: You're not much better than WA2000 in that regard.

Lee Enfield: ...?

...

And thus, the game resumes without WA2000.

Mosin-Nagant: Phew... Well, that's it for me.

WA2000: Want some tea?

Mosin-Nagant: ...Did you make it?

WA2000: ...Drink it!

Mosin-Nagant: Stay away from— Ack!

...

Kar98k: ...Humph.

Springfield: I knew it. Miss Kar would never back down from an all-in.

Kar98k: You went all-in just because you thought you had a good chance of winning?

Kar98k: I've got to hand it to you, Springfield.

Mosin-Nagant: Oh, you're out too.

Mosin-Nagant: Come, have some tea.

Kar98k: ...Tea?

Springfield: So...

Springfield shifts her gaze to Lee.

Springfield: It's just the two of us now, Miss Lee.

Lee Enfield: I'm ready, Miss Springfield.

And this is when Lee's game truly begins.
Part 10: Fold

    10chevron_right

Lee has tried her hand at the game for a while, and a vast majority of the chips on the table are now in Springfield's possession, which gives her an overwhelming advantage.

Lee hasn't won any games at all so far; she has merely been trying to minimize her losses.

Meanwhile, Springfield has been on a winning streak, and now she is hogging all the chips that used to be the other three players'.

Lee Enfield: ...

If this were a real battle, Lee's situation could be described as absolutely hopeless.

Springfield: What's wrong, Miss Lee?

Springfield: You look a bit unwell.

Lee Enfield: No...I'm just a little concerned.

Lee's hole card is the Ace of Spades.

Her upcards are the Queen of Hearts and the Queen of Clubs.

Even a modest player can't deny that it's a pretty strong hand.

Springfield: But my hand doesn't look as good as yours.

Springfield's upcards are the King of Spades and the Jack of Spades.

Lee Enfield: But no one knows what your hole card is.

Lee Enfield: Besides, there's no telling who will have the better hand until all the cards are dealt.

Springfield: You have the game figured out.

Lee Enfield: Well, I haven't just been watching.

If Lee gets another Queen, she'll have a three of a kind. There are still two more rounds to go; her chances of winning are pretty good.

But what cards will Springfield get? And what is her hole card?

If it's a Queen or anything of Spades, there's a good chance she'll have a stronger hand than Lee.

Lee Enfield: But there's no reason to back down now...

Lee hardly has any chips left. Even if she folds now, she won't last much longer.

As her chips further diminish, so will her chances of turning the tables.

Lee Enfield: My cards can win me this game – it's actually very likely...

Lee Enfield: Miss Springfield's hole card might change the outcome of the game, but then again, it might not.

Lee Enfield: I can't give up a good hand just to avoid an uncertain risk.

Lee looks up and stares at Springfield expressionlessly. Springfield smiles back calmly.

It's practically impossible to tell if Springfield is feeling uneasy just from her face. Luckily, Lee is also quite confident in her own ability to maintain her composure.

Nothing comes out of their attempt to probe each other.

WA2000, who has taken over as the dealer, starts dealing the next round.

The Jack of Diamonds is placed in front of Springfield.

Lee Enfield: ...

Springfield: ...

While Lee receives the Ace of Hearts.

Springfield: The odds are still very much in your favor.

Lee Enfield: It does seem to be the case, Miss Springfield.

Lee Enfield: But now there's a possibility that you have a three of a kind.

Springfield: That could very well be true if you keep going.

Springfield: Why not play it safe and cut your losses here?

Springfield has a point there.

Lee risks losing more chips with each additional round.

Should she await another opportunity or keep going?

Lee Enfield: If I had a heart, it would probably be thumping heavily right now.

Lee Enfield: I bet.

But there's also the possibility that Springfield is faking it.

Her hole card might not be a Jack. She could just be bluffing – trying to lure Lee into giving up.

If Lee were in her position...

Springfield: Raise.

If Lee were in her position, she would put even more pressure onto her opponent as they start to waver.

Lee's mind is razor sharp at the moment.

Lee Enfield: I call.

She is wagering on the fact that Springfield's hole card won't form a three of a kind.

WA2000: Well then... Fifth Street.

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.

She doesn't know how to describe what she's feeling.

Perhaps it's just an abject disdain for the thought of losing.

When she opens her eyes, her final card is already lying on the table.

Lee looks at it.

It's the Queen of Diamonds.

Lee Enfield: ...

It is taking every ounce of her self-control to keep her face still.

She made the right call.

With this, even if Springfield does have a set of Jacks, she will still win the game.

Unless...

Springfield: Oh my... How unexpected...

Springfield's interjection is laced with some ambiguous emotion.

Lee looks at her card, and her (non-existent) stomach drops.

Springfield is dealt the Jack of Hearts.

...Unless she produces a quad.

Mosin-Nagant: Oooooh... Could it be a four of a kind?

Kar98k: Now that's something you don't see very often.

WA2000: I swear I've been dealing the cards properly, okay? It just...happened!

Springfield: Now it's starting to feel like the poker showdowns they have in movies, Miss Lee.

Springfield: Trips versus trips.

Springfield: However, you could actually be hiding a full house, right?

That's a perfectly sound guess.

But it leaves Lee feeling a bit flustered.

Springfield already has three Jacks in her showing hand.

In other words, if her hole card really is the remaining Jack...she will have a four of a kind.

Lee Enfield: ...You've got the Jack of Clubs?

Lee regrets asking the question immediately.

Springfield: ...

Springfield smiles wordlessly, as if mocking Lee's faltering resolve.

What to do?

Lee knows full well that she has exposed her agitation just by blurting out that question.

Will that give Springfield what she needs to finish her off? She doesn't know, but she needs to calm down and regain her composure.

Miss Kar was right – the probability of having a hand like this is extremely low.

All Springfield needs is the Jack of Clubs, but there's only a 1/28 chance for that to happen.

Discounting the cards that she can see, the probability is just 1/19.

The probability of Springfield having that Jack of Clubs is only 1/19.

Springfield: Just around 5%.

Lee Enfield: ...!

Springfield: Oh...?

Springfield: Judging by your face, was I right about the full house?

Springfield: I know exactly what you're thinking about.

Lee Enfield: ...You know me very well.

Springfield: You have always been cautious, after all.

Springfield: Still, the chances of me having the Jack of Clubs are pretty small.

Springfield: And your three of a kind, Queens are quite strong.

Lee Enfield: Indeed...

This hand...

...Hmm?

Three of a kind?

A thought suddenly occurs to Lee.

If she's betting on whether Springfield has the Jack of Clubs...

What about Springfield? What is she betting on?

Her hand...

Lee Enfield: ...You're betting on whether I have a full house, aren't you?

Springfield: There's a good chance you do.

The probability of Springfield having a four of a kind is very low.

But what if instead of a Jack of Clubs, all she has is another King?

That's why she's been testing Lee.

She's trying to figure out if Lee has a full house that can beat hers.

Though Lee's hand is weaker than a quad, it's stronger than anything else.

That's basically the position in which Lee finds herself.

She needs...to make a choice.

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: ...Let's see it then, Miss Springfield.

Lee Enfield: I'm going all-in.

...

WA2000: Say, I've been hanging around with nothing much to do this week...

WA2000: It's not necessarily a bad thing, but I feel kind of overlooked.

Mosin-Nagant: Haha, I know.

Mosin-Nagant: You want the Commander to rely more on you, don't you?

WA2000: ...Don't be ridiculous!

WA2000: I-I'm simply not happy that the Commander isn't making good use of an elite like me!

Kar98k: How unsightly.

WA2000: You don't have to rub it in!

When the game is over, Springfield prepares some snacks and beverages for the Dolls.

The poker club reverts back into a casual gathering.

Everyone seems to be much more relaxed after the game.

Perhaps that's what Springfield has been aiming to achieve.

Lee Enfield: ...

Springfield: Is something wrong with the tea?

Lee Enfield: ...Not at all, your skills are brilliant as ever.

Lee Enfield: Hmm, truly top-notch.

Springfield: Somehow I have a feeling you aren't talking about the tea.

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: ...I honestly didn't expect you to have the fourth Jack.

Springfield: Haha.

Springfield: That's how the poker table is.

Springfield: Unexpected things always happen.

Lee Enfield: Does it all come down to my lack of experience?

Lee Enfield: I gave it so much thought but it was all in vain.

Springfield: I don't think that's the problem.

Springfield pours Lee another cup of tea.

The aroma drifts up over the brim.

Springfield: I just so happened to have the one hole card that would win me the game.

Lee Enfield: But I fell for it.

Springfield: Because you had courage.

Lee Enfield: If I hadn't been so reckless and just folded, it wouldn't have been over then and there.

Springfield: But you always go for the win.

Lee Enfield: ...

Springfield: Don't dwell on it too much, Miss Lee.

Springfield: See, even WA2000 is unfazed.

Springfield: I know what she's like.

Springfield: When even a Doll as competitive as her isn't bothered about losing, why are you taking it so hard?

Lee Enfield: ...You're right. It's just a single loss.

Springfield: ...By the way.

Springfield: I still have an unbroken winning streak when it comes to Texas hold 'em.

Springfield: All the more reason you shouldn't feel ashamed for losing to me.

Lee Enfield: Next time...

Springfield: Hmm?

Lee Enfield: Next time, I'll beat you, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Oooh.

Springfield: So you'll be joining us on our next poker night, Miss Lee?

Springfield: Fantastic.

Lee Enfield: This kind of activity really is great for relieving stress.

Lee Enfield: I am starting to see why humans consider entertainment a necessity.

Lee Enfield: Perhaps I should also go easier on the Commander.

WA2000: Springfield, can I make some midnight snack?

Mosin-Nagant: Somebody stop that idiot!

Lee Enfield: Midnight snack?

Lee Enfield: Now that you mention it, I am also feeling a little hungry.

Lee Enfield: Let me help.

Kar98k: ...Enemies within our own ranks?

Springfield: Haha.

Springfield: I do love it when things get lively.

Springfield: Then I'll go and get some more high-quality tea leaves.

Mosin-Nagant: Don't just give in, Miss Springfield!

Mosin-Nagant: Don't you dare run away on your own!

...Next time.

Lee's thoughts start straying from the boisterous scene.

Will she win?

...

Lee Enfield: ...I'll definitely beat you, Miss Springfield.

Lee Enfield: I swear.

In the Griffin shooting range, a few T-Dolls are doing their usual target practice.

M590: You've improved a lot, M82.

M590: Have you been practicing in secret?

M82: ...Don't make fun of me.

M82: This is the least I could do to catch up to everyone else.

M590: I honestly have so much admiration for you. Many Dolls simply can't cope with their fire-control core when they first have it installed.

M590: But you're able to hone your marksmanship through tireless training – almost like a human.

M82: Hmm, it's also thanks to all the mentors who've been helping me out here at Griffin.

M82: Both you and Captain Grizzly have always been very supportive.

M590: Speaking of Grizzly, I just saw her here in the shooting range.

M590: Didn't you see her?

M82: Huh? Captain Grizzly is here?

M82: I-I didn't notice at all.

M590: It's probably because you were so focused.

M590: Let me see... Ah, there you go. That's her right there on Lane 12, isn't it?

M82: You're right... This is weird. Isn't she usually more cheerful?

M82: She loves training with live ammunition.

M590: ...It is rather unlike her. She's even missed the target twice while we're having this conversation.

M590: What's on her mind?

M82: Could something be bothering her?

M590: Hard to imagine what could bother Grizzly.

M590: If you're so worried, let's ask her.

M82: Huh? Is that a good idea? Should we really disturb her at a time like this...?

M590: Miss Grizzly!

M82: Hey!

Grizzly: Uh... What? M590?

Grizzly: I don't often see you on your own. Where's M500?

M590: She's out on a logistics mission and won't be back for several days.

M590: Also, I'm not alone.

M82: H-hello, Captain!

Grizzly: Oh, M82!

Grizzly: Are you training? Well done!

M82: Th-thank you... Just doing my job.

M590: We were doing our own target practice over there just now, then we saw you so we came over to say hi.

M590: Is something bothering you, Miss Grizzly? You don't seem to be doing very well today.

Grizzly: Huh? Haha... Is it so obvious?

M590: This was the first time I saw you miss a shot during practice.

Grizzly: Well, it wasn't meant to be my session to begin with.

Grizzly: I'm just here to get some things off my mind.

Grizzly gazes at the target in the distance. She sounds pretty nonchalant, but M590 can tell she's holding something back.

Grizzly inhales deeply and studies the two Dolls with her head tilted slightly to one side, as if trying to make up her mind.

Grizzly: Hmm...

Grizzly: M590, I have a question for you.

M590: Please, go ahead.

Grizzly: What do you usually feed M500?

M590: ?
Part 2: Specular Reflection

2

M590: Well, I certainly didn't expect that... What an odd question.

Grizzly: Hahaha, sorry about that.

Grizzly: I just want to know how to build up a good rapport with someone quickly.

M590: The way 500 and I get along won't be a good reference for you.

M590: Besides, you make it sound as if I was keeping her as a pet or something...

M82: But do you actually struggle with such things, Captain Grizzly?

M82: You've always struck me as the sociable type.

Grizzly: Hmm...how should I put it?

Grizzly: I don't tend to think too much when I hang out with others.

Grizzly: I know it probably sounds a bit weird coming from myself, but I consider myself a pretty candid person.

Grizzly: I seem to get along well with others mostly because they're nice to me.

M590: People respect you precisely because you're so genuine.

M590: So what got you thinking about this?

M590: Is someone on your mind?

Grizzly: Why do you have to phrase it in such a weird way...

Grizzly: It has absolutely nothing to do with that kind of stuff. M82 has probably heard about this...

Grizzly: There is going to be a new member on our team.

M82: A new member...? You mean AK-Alfa?

Grizzly: Yeah, that's the one.

Grizzly: Oh my gosh... She's giving me a real headache. Everyone says she's really unfriendly.

Grizzly: What if I don't get along with her?

Grizzly: What if she gets into feuds with the other team members?

Grizzly: If anything happens, it's all going to be my responsibility as I'm the leader!

M590: I see, I understand the problem.

M590: You don't usually feel pressured when getting along with others.

M590: But once you think of "getting along with someone" as part of your job, it actually makes everything you do feel deliberate and unnatural.

M590: In that case, just treat it like a usual case and don't make a big deal out of it?

Grizzly: If only it were that simple. I wouldn't be so worried if I could just flip a switch and make myself stop thinking about it.

Grizzly: You can't really ignore such realizations once they've occurred to you, you know.

Grizzly: My personality isn't very well suited to leadership to begin with, and now I am suddenly shoved out of my comfort zone, of course I'm feeling troubled.

Grizzly: Not to mention, I'm not just worried about myself – it'll also be my problem if she doesn't get along with the other team members!

M590: That is quite a tough job for you, Miss Grizzly.

Grizzly: That's what I've been saying all along...

Grizzly: I KNOW how to deal with this in theory. I KNOW the best course of action is to "treat it like a usual case".

Grizzly: But I just start panicking the moment I think about all the ways things could go wrong.

M590: Perhaps that's a manifestation of your sense of responsibility.

M590: I think I get it now.

M82: Unbelievable how much thought you have put into this whole issue, Captain Grizzly.

Grizzly: So you think I'm just an over-zealous, idiotic captain...?

Grizzly: Anyway, I don't have the audacity to claim how good I am as a team leader, but I have always put a lot of effort into the job.

Grizzly: At least we've managed to build up a strong bond and sense of camaraderie among the members of Squad Grizzly.

Grizzly: Just when I can finally start to relax, a newcomer appears out of nowhere. I'm just worried that all my hard work will go to waste!

M82: Hmm, we all trust you absolutely, and everyone on the team is nice.

M82: Are you sure you aren't just worrying a bit too much...?

Grizzly: Who knows? What if the rookie is even more troublesome than I imagined?!

M590: This seems to be a really serious case of occupational disease...

M590: In that case, I have a suggestion. Wanna hear it?
Part 3: Orion's Belt

3

Grizzly: A suggestion?

M590: It actually isn't all that brilliant.

M590: I'm just inspired by the rules of human interaction.

M590: The best way to establish a good relationship with a stranger is to start with their personal interests.

M590: Now I know nothing about Miss AK-Alfa's interests or hobbies.

M590: But what if we organize a welcoming party to show our goodwill?

M590: If we can figure out what she likes and make it the theme of the party, it shouldn't take long for us to grow close.

Grizzly: A welcoming party...? That does sound like a good idea.

Grizzly: But I know pretty much nothing on the subjects that interest AK-Alfa. This could be a problem.

M590: I hear Miss AK-Alfa was the top scorer in IOP's data testing.

M590: I'm sure a Doll like that will get along perfectly well with you, Miss Grizzly. You are just as outstanding yourself.

Grizzly: Haha, that's where you're mistaken.

Grizzly: Come to think of it, her interests are quite similar to yours, M82.

M82: ...

M82: ...Mine?!

M590: ...Really?

Grizzly: Yeah, it's written right on the profile I received.

Grizzly: "AK-Alfa has a strong thirst for knowledge in the subject of astronomy and science fiction. It is recommended that..."

Grizzly: Uh, I'm not entirely sure what the researchers are trying to say, but according to Miss Kalina's translation, the basic idea is that she loves astronomy and sci-fi.

M82: Is...is that true?

M82's tone and mood change dramatically upon hearing what Grizzly just said – she can barely conceal her excitement.

M590: Then we have the perfect consultant, don't we? I'm sure Miss AK-Alfa will become fast friends with M82.

M82: I-I know! If she's a fan of sci-fi...

M82: Then I'd recommend "Frankenstein" or "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea"... Oh, wait! If she also likes astronomy, perhaps "Star Wars" would be a better choice...?

M82: Hmm...but I wonder if AK-Alfa is more hardcore than that... If that's the case, she might look down on us for talking about such mainstream stuff... However, there's also—

M590: M82 is completely fired up, and it's entirely your fault, Miss Grizzly.

M590: Now she can hardly wait for Miss AK-Alfa to arrive.

Grizzly: You're blaming me for that...?

M82: I've got it, Captain!

M82: Let's do a movie night for our welcoming party!

M82: We'll watch "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"!

M82: Miss AK-Alfa will definitely love it!

Grizzly: What's that? That sounds super bor—

M590 stomps on Grizzly's foot.

M590: I think that's a good idea. What about you, Miss Grizzly?

Grizzly: ...Ahaha, not bad, not bad at all!

M82: Th-then I'll go and get my precious video file right away!

M82: Such ancient media are really hard to come by in this day and age!

M82: It's in my prized collection!

M82 sprints off with great gusto.

Grizzly: Is this really going to work?

M590: Don't ever underestimate the connection between the most fervent geeks, Miss Grizzly.

M590: If you don't mind, I'd like to attend the welcoming party as well, is that okay?

Grizzly: Of course I don't mind...

Grizzly: It's just... My team is actually full of troublesome kids.

Even though she's still a little worried, things have already developed to a point of no return.

Grizzly can only pray that everything will go smoothly.
Part 4: Hesitation

4

The evening of the welcoming party, in Squad Grizzly's dorm.

The venue has been set up for a cozy pajamas party. Grizzly has borrowed a projector especially for the occasion, and M82 has also uploaded her precious video file onto the player.

Grizzly: Let's welcome our new member!

M82: W-welcome to Squad Grizzly! I'm M82!

M82: Nice to meet you!

M590: Welcome, I'm M590.

PzB39: Yo!

AK-Alfa: ...

AK-Alfa enters the dorm slowly. At the sight of the crowd that seems to be getting ready for a party, her cold features give the slightest twitch.

AK-Alfa: ...Are you about to have a party?

AK-Alfa: I'm not really interested. Can you tell me where my room is?

PzB39: ...Hey! What's with that attitude?!

M590: Ahem.

M590: No, Miss Alfa, this is your welcoming party.

M590: We can't go on if the star doesn't attend.

AK-Alfa: ...It's for me?

AK-Alfa seems quite taken aback.

But Grizzly is even more surprised.

Grizzly: ...Isn't that obvious?!

Grizzly: What else could it be?

Grizzly: Come on in and have a seat!

AK-Alfa: ...Sorry, I want to put down my luggage first.

AK-Alfa: Please don't mind me.

AK-Alfa opens her mouth again but hesitates. Then she just turns around and retires into her room.

Grizzly: ...

M590: ...

PzB39: What's that supposed to mean?

PzB39: She can't be bothered to hang out with us?

M82: I-I think...she could just be shy?

PzB39: Shy my ass... People are always pushing you around because you're too nice!

PzB39: I hear she scored pretty well in the tests, yeah? She thinks she's better than the rest of us just because of that?

Grizzly: She didn't just do "pretty well", you know...

Grizzly: But I agree with M82. Newcomers do tend to feel a bit uneasy.

Grizzly: Let's just get everything ready and wait for her.

PzB39: Humph...

After some time, AK-Alfa finally comes out of her room.

By then, everyone on Squad Grizzly is ready for the movie.

Grizzly lets AK-Alfa take the center seat while she sits on the side with M590 and a very nervous M82.

PzB39 perches a bit sullenly on the other end of the sofa all by herself.

AK-Alfa: Are we watching a film?

Grizzly: That's right! It's prepared specially for you!

Grizzly: You'd better thank M82 for it!

M82: No...! I just...!

AK-Alfa: "Prepared specially for me"?

AK-Alfa: That's pretty excessive. Do you even know me that well?

PzB39: ...Hey.

M590: It doesn't hurt to at least see what we're about to watch, right?

M590: M82 took a long time to pick out this movie.

AK-Alfa: So what is it?

Grizzly: "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy".

AK-Alfa: !

M590: Miss Alfa?

M590: What's wrong?

AK-Alfa: ...Nothing.

AK-Alfa: This film...is quite old. People haven't been able to find any existing copies. I didn't expect you to have it here.

AK-Alfa: How surprising.

Grizzly: It's the prized collection of M82, our resident sci-fi otaku!

Grizzly: Isn't that right, M82?!

M82: Cap...Captain!

M82: This isn't how you use the word "otaku"...!

AK-Alfa: ...

M82 looks at AK-Alfa a bit nervously, waiting for her to react.

But AK-Alfa says nothing. She simply stares at the screen in silence.

Grizzly: Then...let me repeat this as the leader of the team.

Grizzly: AK-Alfa, welcome to Squad Grizzly!

Grizzly: Let the welcoming party begin for real!
Part 5: Microgravity

5

The movie is over.

AK-Alfa: ...

Grizzly: Well?

AK-Alfa: Huh? ...What?

Grizzly: So what did you think about the movie?

M590: Miss Grizzly was so anxious to know what you thought about it that she couldn't really focus on the film herself.

AK-Alfa: What I think?

M82: Did you enjoy it, Miss Alfa?

AK-Alfa: You shouldn't care too much about what I think. You're not giving the movie the respect it deserves.

AK-Alfa: I'd rather you focus more on the film itself as well as its outstanding merits.

AK-Alfa: ...Which is to say, I find it quite enjoyable.

PzB39: Tsk. What a snooze fest.

AK-Alfa: ...Excuse me?

PzB39: I said, the movie was a snooze fest.

M82: !

Grizzly: Hey, PzB... M82 recommended it!

PzB39: Huh? Hey...I'm not saying there's anything wrong with M82, but aren't you laying it on a bit too thick?

PzB39: "Outstanding merits"? Don't make me laugh. You elite Dolls with your erudition.

AK-Alfa: I don't see the problem with my comment.

AK-Alfa: You fail to appreciate the charm of this piece of art.

AK-Alfa: I suppose your neural cloud isn't attuned to sensitivity.

PzB39: Say that again?!

M82: Wait... P-please don't argue.

AK-Alfa: I'm just stating the truth.

AK-Alfa: You don't show the stars the fear and respect they deserve.

PzB39: Fear? The stars?

PzB39: Hahaha, is your neural cloud fried?

PzB39: I have never feared anything!

AK-Alfa: Don't you understand? This is what makes you so pitiful.

PzB39: What did you say?!

Grizzly: Stop it!

Grizzly's sonorous voice pierces through the heated exchange and silences everyone in the room.

Grizzly: Why are you arguing? You think my authority as the team leader is just for show?!

PzB39: Tsk... Sorry, Cap, I mean you no disrespect.

PzB39: I just couldn't let it slide...

AK-Alfa: ...She started it.

AK-Alfa: I was merely pointing out my honest observations.

Grizzly: Enough! Can it, both of you!

Grizzly rubs her throbbing temples.

M82: I'm sorry... It's all because of me...

Grizzly: ...This has nothing to do with you.

M590: It looks like these two really can't get along.

M590: Their interests and values are completely at odds.

Grizzly: Yeah? This was YOUR idea... You haven't "forgotten" about that, have you?

Grizzly: You'd better do something about this!

M590: Easy for you to say...

M590 glances over at the pair of Dolls, who are still locked in a tense confrontation.

M590: I suppose they can only coexist peacefully if they get to know each other better.

Grizzly: You don't say! The question is HOW?!

Grizzly: I can barely keep them off each other's throats; I can't make them lovey-dovey with just a snap of my fingers!

M590: I know.

M590: That's why we need something more drastic.

Grizzly: Something more...drastic?

M590: Yep, I've got an idea.
Part 6: Intuition

6

The next evening, the members of Squad Grizzly are once again assembled.

This time, the gathering takes place on an open field just outside HQ.

Grizzly is fiddling with a telescope borrowed from Miss Kalina. She's having a bit of trouble trying to set up this overly professional piece of equipment.

AK-Alfa: ...I only came because you pulled rank on me. What's going on?

PzB39: Say, Cap, you could've just left this anti-social jerk back at the dorms.

PzB39: Why did you bring her along?

AK-Alfa: I thought I was hallucinating when I heard something like a growling, wild beast.

AK-Alfa: So it was that pile of scrap metal.

AK-Alfa: Shouldn't you do something about that before it falls apart?

PzB39: Come again?! How dare you insult my CB?!

PzB39: Even the Commander has ridden on this beauty!

AK-Alfa: For the sake of the Commander's safety...

AK-Alfa: You should refrain from doing that again.

PzB39: What—!

Grizzly: Alright!

Grizzly: I didn't bring you here to fight!

Grizzly: M590, explain.

M590: Right.

M590: No need to get head of ourselves, you two. We've gathered everyone here tonight for an activity.

M590: You see that?

AK-Alfa: A high-aperture APO refractor telescope.

AK-Alfa: What about it?

M590: APO...? I'm not that knowledgeable about it myself.

M590: But yes, this is a telescope for astronomy.

M590: PzB, you're interested in that as well, right? We're about to do some stargazing.

PzB39: ...Why are you so sure I'd be interested? You're obviously doing this for her!

PzB39: But she isn't the slightest bit grateful, so god knows why you're all wasting your effort.

M590: Don't say that.

M590: The sky is so clear tonight.

Grizzly: You have no idea how hard it was to borrow it from Miss Kalina...

Grizzly: At least try to sympathize with me.

AK-Alfa: That's only natural. I would never lend something so valuable to someone else.

Grizzly: Does this telescope cost a lot?

AK-Alfa: On top of being apochromatic, the telescope has an aperture of over 200mm. In terms of image quality, you really can't find anything better than this.

AK-Alfa: This model was very expensive even before WWIII.

AK-Alfa: The price has probably skyrocketed ever since then.

AK-Alfa: You could probably buy ten of your cantankerous "beauties" with that money.

PzB39: No way...! Is it really that pricey?

PzB39: ...Now hang on! Why did you have to use my bike as a comparison?!

Grizzly: Hey, I came here on a bike as well...so don't be too hard on them.

Grizzly: Still, I had no idea it was this expensive. Really took me by surprise.

M82: Miss Alfa...you're such a pro.

AK-Alfa: It's nothing special.
Part 7: Stargazer

7

Grizzly: If you're such a pro, you do it!

Grizzly: You saw me struggling, so why didn't you offer to help?

Grizzly: Trying to embarrass me?

M590: She may look apathetic, but she's been observing really carefully.

M590: Miss Alfa, you're actually dying to get your hands on it, aren't you?

M590: You don't have to hold yourself back. Just relax.

AK-Alfa: But...we're not on such friendly terms...

M82: We'll be fighting side by side on the battlefield, Miss Alfa.

M82: If we didn't genuinely want to earn your trust, we wouldn't have gone to such lengths.

M82: You of all should understand this, right?

M82: "Do...or do not."

AK-Alfa: "There is no try."

AK-Alfa: ...

AK-Alfa: ...Alright, I understand.

Grizzly: Huh?

AK-Alfa: Please step aside... I can't watch anymore. You're such an amateur!

Grizzly: Ow, the burn!

Grizzly: I've been trying to get this working for ages... I thought I almost got it!

AK-Alfa: Nope, not even close.

AK-Alfa: This isn't a camera.

AK-Alfa: Besides, you picked a really weird spot to set it up.

AK-Alfa: If you put the telescope here, the only thing you'll see is the mosquitoes buzzing around in the woods.

AK-Alfa: Also, the equatorial mount doesn't go here... Argh! Let me do it!

AK-Alfa shoos Grizzly to the side, then proceeds to dismantle the equipment and starts assembling it again.

Grizzly: She...she shooed me away...

M82: It's like...we've broken a seal on Miss Alfa.

M590: I kinda get her.

M590: She's been bottling her thoughts and distancing herself from others.

M590: A lot of warm-hearted people put on a cold façade because they feel insecure.

M590: As long as we reassure them and let them know that they can "speak their mind freely", this is what they become.

M590 smiles as she watches AK-Alfa, who is completely engrossed in the process of setting up the telescope.

It feels as if she's looking at her younger self.

M590: I really have 500's endless enthusiasm to thank for...
Part 8: Morning Star

8

Grizzly: By the way, I also borrowed this. Will it be useful at all?

M82: A star chart? Of course it'll be useful!

Grizzly: I for one haven't a clue how to read it... So it shows where the stars are in the sky?

M82: Kind of, but it's more complicated than that...

Grizzly: So how are you supposed to use it?

Grizzly: I don't understand it at all...

M82: Ugh... I can't really explain it too well...

M590: I'm not one to comment on other people's hobbies.

M590: But I'm very curious about something, M82.

M590: What's so special about the stars that compels you to speak up, that makes Miss Alfa so passionate?

M82: Well...

AK-Alfa: Life is finite, just as all material things will eventually decay.

AK-Alfa: This is true for both Dolls and humans.

AK-Alfa: But even though billions of years have passed, the stars are still here.

Grizzly: Huh?! Are you done already? That was quick!

AK-Alfa: It's not actually that complicated if you know what you're doing.

AK-Alfa: You should be able to see through it now.

M590: I can kind of understand what you say, Miss Alfa.

M590: But don't you think space is too empty?

M590: I don't mean to offend, but comparing individuals with the vast expanse of the universe is a very depressing thing to do.

AK-Alfa: This is why I believe the stars command fear and respect.

AK-Alfa: If we only see and care about things in our immediate surroundings, we will gradually lose our respect for all creations, which is very dangerous – for both humans and Dolls alike.

AK-Alfa: Human history has proved this countless times.

AK-Alfa: It is when times like this that we have to remember just how small our existence really is in this world.

AK-Alfa: Only when we always give the universe the respect it deserves that we can ponder our own selves rationally.

M82: Not only that... Consider the star chart that you got, Cap.

M82: We are actually looking at the stars as they appeared years and years ago.

M82: These massive galaxies are dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of light years away from us.

M82: Their light takes millennia to reach our optic system.

M82: And we will have to wait millennia to see what the stars look like now.

M82: If people had not recorded them on a star chart, we would never know what the night sky was like in the past.

AK-Alfa: I have one eye on the past and the other on the future.

M82: While I have both on the present.

AK-Alfa: You get it, M82.

M82: No... My understanding is nowhere near as profound as yours, Miss Alfa.

Grizzly: It feels as if you've established some kind of weird connection!

Grizzly: But I still haven't a clue what you're talking about!

M590: That's okay, Miss Grizzly, I don't entirely get it either.

M590: But they're chatting away so happily, so you've achieved what you wanted, right?

M590: Don't forget your original intentions.

Grizzly: ...You're absolutely right. Still, now I'm also intrigued.

Grizzly: Guess I'll study up on the subject when I get back.

M590: Really?

M590: Somehow I have a feeling that you'll find it a challenge.

Grizzly: C'mon, have a little faith in me.

M590: I'm not looking down on you.

M590: I'm just saying it's hard for laymen to understand the joy of studying astronomy.

M590: At least, I personally don't find staring at stars that interesting.

M590: It's kind of romantic if we do it every now and then.

M590: But if you genuinely want to study it in depth, it's hard to keep at it unless you're deeply passionate about it.

Grizzly: I see... That's why she was so offended by what PzB said.

M590: Speaking of PzB...

While AK-Alfa and M82 are gazing at the stars with great enthusiasm...

PzB is tinkering with her motorbike all by herself. She seems to be rather perturbed by AK-Alfa's words.

Grizzly: ...She's still sulking.

M590: Is it really a good idea to leave her to her own devices?

Grizzly: It's not like I'm isolating her on purpose!

Grizzly: I especially invited her along!

Grizzly: I haven't driven a motorbike for a long time, and you should know how hard it is to keep up with PzB's speed!

M590: That's not what I meant.

M590: However, while you're busy taking care of your new member, you mustn't neglect your old teammates either.

M590: This is part of a team leader's responsibility.

Grizzly: (Sighs)

Grizzly: You're right.
Part 9: Extraterrestrial Civilization

9

Grizzly: Alfa.

AK-Alfa: Captain Grizzly?

Grizzly: ...

AK-Alfa: What is it?

Grizzly: ...Nothing. I just got surprised when you suddenly called me Captain.

AK-Alfa: I am a member of Squad Grizzly, and you are the leader of the squad.

AK-Alfa: What's wrong with me addressing my own captain?

Grizzly: That's not what I meant... Uh, never mind.

Grizzly: But just as well. Since you do recognize me as your leader, there's an issue I'd like to discuss with you.

AK-Alfa: An issue?

AK-Alfa hesitates for a second before she leaves M82, who is extremely thrilled on the telescope at the moment, and follows Grizzly off to the side.

Grizzly: To be honest, I never expected a new recruit at a time like this.

Grizzly: But no matter what, a promising rookie like you is especially welcome on the team.

AK-Alfa: I am also very happy to join one of the most experienced squads in Griffin.

AK-Alfa: More importantly...I did not expect you to concern yourself so much with making me feel welcome.

Grizzly: It's my duty.

Grizzly: Then...do you understand why I'm making such an effort?

AK-Alfa: As the leader, you have to maintain the camaraderie and morale of the squad.

Grizzly: I'm glad you understand.

Grizzly: So now, I need to ask you for a favor.

Grizzly points toward PzB39, who is tinkering with her motorbike listlessly away from the group.

Grizzly: I know you're probably still angry with PzB39.

Grizzly: But she didn't say those things to be malicious.

Grizzly: We've been partners for a long time, and though she seems a bit unsociable, she's actually just too simple, like me.

AK-Alfa: I have never met someone who calls themselves simple.

Grizzly: Oh, there are over a hundred simple lunkheads in Griffin.

Grizzly: ...But that's not the point. I'm just trying to tell you that the reason why PzB39 was so belligerent towards you yesterday was because she did not like your attitude.

AK-Alfa: My attitude?

Grizzly: We spent a lot of time and effort on preparing for your welcoming party.

Grizzly: I'm not tooting my own horn, but we really did put a lot of work into it.

Grizzly: It may not seem like it, but PzB39 was also looking forward to your arrival.

Grizzly: But in the end, you showed up all cold and indifferent, so you can't blame her for feeling unhappy, don't you think?

AK-Alfa: ...You're right, it was partially my fault.

AK-Alfa: But back then, I just found it unnecessary to feign friendliness when we were not yet on friendly terms.

Grizzly: You have your thoughts, and we have ours. This is hardly a big deal, we just have to make things clear to one another.

Grizzly: I've told you how PzB39 feels, now it's up to you to tell us how YOU feel.

AK-Alfa: ...

AK-Alfa falls silent for a moment.

AK-Alfa: I see.

Grizzly: Then I'll leave this to you.

At that, Grizzly saunters away.

AK-Alfa gives the matter some thought, then takes the initiative to walk up to PzB39.

AK-Alfa: Are you still angry?

PzB39: ...Whoa?!

PzB39: You scared the crap out of me. Don't just suddenly talk from behind me... Jeez.

PzB39: So what do you want? Here to make fun of me again?

AK-Alfa: That's not my intention.

AK-Alfa: ...I heard you put a lot of effort into my welcoming party.

PzB39: ...Because it was an order from Grizzly.

PzB39: What about it?

AK-Alfa: Nothing, I just want to thank you.

PzB39: Thank...huh?!

PzB39 appears completely gobsmacked.

AK-Alfa: What's so strange about this? I'm not some cold-blooded villain who doesn't feel gratitude.

PzB39: Well, that was the impression you gave.

AK-Alfa: You simply didn't know me.

PzB39: Humph...

AK-Alfa: I want to tell you that I have never looked down on you.

AK-Alfa: You have survived battles that are beyond my wildest imagination.

AK-Alfa: It is my greatest honor to be a part of Griffin.

PzB39: ...Alright, cut out the cheesiness.

PzB39: I'm not some jackass who doesn't know when to let go.

AK-Alfa: Hey, you were the one who randomly blew up at a newbie who needed time to get used to a new environment.

AK-Alfa: Anyone would be indignant about that.

PzB39: But I had a reason, alright?

PzB39: ...Though I'll admit I could've handled it better, and I shouldn't have dragged M82 into this.

PzB39: I just wanted to rile you up, but I ended up accidentally blurting out my thoughts.

AK-Alfa: ...

AK-Alfa: ......

AK-Alfa: So you actually meant what you said?

PzB39: ...Huh?

AK-Alfa: You really don't comprehend the greatness of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"?

AK-Alfa: You had no idea how much time and effort I'd put into finding an original copy, and when I finally got the chance to relish watching it, you went ahead and rained on my parade.

AK-Alfa: It's only natural that I'd be irritated!

PzB39: Uh, no... Calm down for a sec...

PzB39: I told you, I was wrong...

AK-Alfa: No!

AK-Alfa: Come back here!

AK-Alfa: I need to explain to you just how awesome the Milky Way is!

PzB39: Wait, what's that got to do with me?!!

M82: ...Oh!

M82, who has been stargazing, suddenly lets out an odd exclamation.

Grizzly: What is it, M82?

M82: ...Clouds.

M590: Clouds?

M590: Oh... It's raining.

M590 looks up and watches as the misty raindrops flutter around in the air.

The rainfall is pretty insignificant, but it's enough to put a stop to any stargazing.

AK-Alfa: What?

AK-Alfa: I...I never actually got my turn...

AK-Alfa: At the APO refractor...!

M590: It's just a regional shower.

M590: Searching for a new stargazing spot.

M590: The nearest location...

M590: ...is several kilometers away.

AK-Alfa's disappointment is palpable.

Seeing her so dismayed, PzB39 scratches at her own chin and shifts her gaze to the side.

PzB39: ...

PzB39: ...Hm?

She looks beyond her teammates...

And sees her freshly calibrated motorbike parked quietly on the spot.

Perfect.
Part 10: Seafarer

    10chevron_right

PzB39: Alfa.

AK-Alfa: ...What now?

PzB39 strolls up to her motorbike and kicks up the side stand.

PzB39: Don't "what now" me. Hop on.

AK-Alfa: Huh?

M590: Ohhh, that's certainly an option.

M590 grins in relief.

M590: Then I'll stay behind and tidy up.

M590: Have fun.

AK-Alfa: Wha- Huh? What?

AK-Alfa is still completely bemused.

PzB39: Hahaha! Now you see!

PzB39: This is the mettle of a chaser of the wind!

AK-Alfa: Th-th-th-th-this is too fast!!!

Grizzly: S-slow down!

Grizzly: PzB! You're speeding way too much!

PzB39: Hahaha!

PzB39: See, this is what suits me!

AK-Alfa: Are you trying to kill me?!

PzB39: Nonsense! I'm dead set – absolutely dead set – on taking you stargazing till you're sick of it!

The rumbling engine echoes through the woods and hills along with PzB39's spirited laughter.

PzB39: Well, elite?!

PzB39: I bet you've never experienced anything like this, have you?!

AK-Alfa: Absolutely not!!

AK-Alfa: WAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!

PzB39: Be careful! Make sure you hold on tight! Don't get thrown off!

AK-Alfa: If I do, I'll become scrap metal straight away!!!

Grizzly: What do you take me for?!

Grizzly: When I was a hardcore racer, you were still trying to get your license!

PzB39: Hahaha- Hey!

PzB39: M82 looks like she's going to pass out! Keep an eye on her!

Grizzly: Who are you to tell me-!

The motorbikes, leaving trails of smoke in their wakes, emerge from beneath the shadowy canopy of the dark clouds, and the clear night sky is once again on full display.

AK-Alfa: ...

AK-Alfa looks up.

Is it because the sky has been cleansed by the rain? Or perhaps she's now on more elevated terrain?

The starry sky is ever so beautiful, even though the earth is all battered and bruised.

AK-Alfa: ...!

PzB39: ...!

Ever since the moment she was created, she has been mesmerized by such beauty.

...Hold on?

AK-Alfa's eyes are suddenly illuminated by something.

PzB39: ...!

That's...

...A shooting star!

PzB39: ...!!!

AK-Alfa's eyes widen.

As the roaring wind whisks past her, she catches sight of a shooting star that's streaking across the sky.

The motorcycle races over the mountain ridge.

At the sight of such a miraculous scene, AK-Alfa's immediate reaction is to-

AK-Alfa: PzB! Look! Look over there!

AK-Alfa: A shooting star! It's a shooting star!

PzB39: Hey!!!

PzB39: Didn't I tell you to hold on tight?!!!

AK-Alfa: Huh?

That's when AK-Alfa suddenly realizes that her body is in a state of weightlessness.

...

...

Grizzly: Are you okay?!

M82: M-Miss Alfa?!

PzB39: Ow, ow, ow.

AK-Alfa: Oof... I thought I was going to die.

PzB39: It was impossible for me to decelerate when we were going downhill! I told you to hold onto me!

PzB39: What were you doing spacing out?!

AK-Alfa: Hm...

For once, AK-Alfa has nothing to say in defense.

AK-Alfa: Anyone would gape in shock at the sight of such a breathtakingly beautiful starry sky.

PzB39: I didn't!

AK-Alfa: That's your problem.

PzB39: You're not reflecting on your mistake, are you?

AK-Alfa: ...

AK-Alfa rubs her hips gingerly in silence.

She looks up again. Up in the night sky, thousands of stars continue to shine brightly, but there's no sign of any clouds or shooting stars.

AK-Alfa: ...Just now, there was a shooting star.

AK-Alfa: A very bright one.

Grizzly: Huh? Seriously? Where is it?

M82: It must be gone by now.

Grizzly: What?!

No one else saw it.

AK-Alfa lets out a sigh.

AK-Alfa: I expected as much...

PzB39: It was roughly in that direction?

PzB39: It really took me by surprise... I've never seen anything so pretty.

AK-Alfa: ...You saw it?!

PzB39: Why are you shouting so loudly all of a sudden?!

PzB39: Didn't you ask me to look?!

AK-Alfa: No, I just didn't think...

AK-Alfa: Sorry, I made you wreck your motorcycle.

PzB39: Eh...

PzB39 scratches her head.

PzB39: Never mind. I was going to ask one of the new recruits if she could convert a few new bikes for me.

PzB39: This one has served me for long enough.

AK-Alfa: Still...

PzB39: Oh, don't sweat it, really. It was I who dragged you onboard to begin with even though you aren't used to such speed.

PzB39: I was caught up in the heat of the moment.

AK-Alfa: No, don't apologize. It's your way of showing how much you care about what you love.

AK-Alfa: ...Hm, I'll take back what I said before. It does sound like a growling beast.

AK-Alfa: But riding fast on a motorcycle does have its charms.

PzB39: Haha! Of course!

M82: Then...!

M82: Next time...

PzB39 & AK-Alfa: Hm?

M82: Next time, let's go stargazing together again!

AK-Alfa: Sure, I'd love to.

AK-Alfa: ...

PzB39: ...

AK-Alfa and M82 shift their gaze toward PzB39 at the same time.

PzB39: ...Ugh, fine, I'll come along.

PzB39: It'll be a perfect opportunity to race Grizzly for two laps. That'll be fun.

Grizzly: No way!

PzB39 turns to AK-Alfa and holds out a hand.

AK-Alfa: ?

PzB39: Welcome to Griffin.

AK-Alfa: ...Thanks.

PzB39 gives AK-Alfa's hand a firm squeeze. Then she gets to her feet with a smile.

PzB39: Alright then! Let's head back!

PzB39: I'm going to print out the image of the shooting star that I saved and hang it up in the dorm!

M82: Huh?! You recorded it?!

M82: P-please give me a copy as well!

Grizzly: Wait a minute. You're not just going to leave your motorcycle here, are you?

PzB39: M590 is cleaning things up, right? I'll just get her to take care of this as well.

PzB39: Now I'd better make my way to the repair bay...

Grizzly: M590 isn't your personal cleaner!

AK-Alfa: ...

AK-Alfa dusts herself off and also gets up from the ground.

AK-Alfa: Please wait for me!

AK-Alfa: I'm coming with you!

Welcome to Griffin.

—In Griffin, just about all the day-to-day maintenance work is done by part-time Tactical Dolls.

Since they were originally civilian Dolls who changed careers, it's hardly a surprise that Griffin possesses personnel who are professionally trained in that field.

In fact, many of the Dolls in the Combined Service Department are like that.

And among these Dolls who are active in the back lines, two shine particularly bright.

Kalina: Gwaaaah! I can't do it anymore! I'm really going to get worked to death!

Kalina: Miss Springfield! Give me a stamina-restoring smile, please!

Springfield: Alright, this is your coffee.

Springfield: There's also some milk toffee just for you over here.

Springfield: Though it's tasty, don't eat too much of it, alright?

Springfield: Overeating is bad for your body, Miss Kalina.

Kalina: Ahhh, you're so nice, Miss Springfield...

Kalina: I'm healed! Now I can do three more hours of overtime!

Springfield: (Chuckles)

Springfield: Personally, I think it would be better if you requested time off from the Commander.

Springfield: While it's true that your hard work is the bedrock upon which our foundation is laid...

Springfield: But if you go down everyone will have a hard time, myself and the Commander included

Kalina: Haha... It would be nice if the Commander thought so.

Kalina: After all, there are a ton of people out there who could replace me, right...

Springfield: Perhaps you need to give the Commander a hard time every now and then so they realize how important you are, Miss Kalina.

Springfield: Surely you won't be punished if you apply for leave with that mindset, right?

Kalina: You really are a wicked little devil at times, Miss Springfield!

Kalina: But yes, I've thought of it before, but in the end I think I should just forget it.

Springfield: (Chuckles) So you HAVE considered it before, hm?

Springfield: I was just kidding, but I have wondered... If you weren't around...

Springfield: Then the Commander...

Springfield: ...Miss Kalina?

Kalina: (Groans)

Springfield: ...Miss Kalina!

Springfield: Hey! Hurry up and get GSh-18 and the Commander!

Springfield: Go now!

Coffee-Drinking Doll A: E-ehh? G-got it!

Coffee-Drinking Doll A: Let me take a picture of this first...

Springfield: MDR!

Doll Who Wants To Stay Anonymous A: Okay, okay, I'm going!

...

In the Griffin medical bay.

Commander: Someone told me Kalina collapsed!

Commander: Is she alright!?

GSh-18: Ah, I'm sorry, Commander.

GSh-18: But you can't proceed any further beyond this point.

Commander: And why is that? Kalina...

Commander: How bad is her condition?

GSh-18: You don't have to worry too much about that. Miss Kalina is physically fine.

GSh-18: However, due to privacy issues, she has stated that she does not want visitors.

GSh-18: There is no need to worry, however. Miss Springfield is with her now.

Commander: I see...

GSh-18: Also, Miss Kalina asked me to pass a message on to you.

Commander: A message?

GSh-18: "I'm going to take a few days off. I've asked a helper to assist you while I'm not around. Good luck."

Commander: Why is she still thinking about work at a time like this...

Commander: I can handle it on my own, just tell her to take care of herself.

Commander: And who is this helper, anyway?

???: That would be me, Commander.

Commander: ...Gr G36？

Gr G36: Yes. I will be filling in as your adjutant in Miss Kalina's absence.

Gr G36: I hope we can get along.

Commander: ...What should I say here...

Commander: I have to hand it to Kalina, the helper she picked is really...

Commander: A sight for sore eyes.

Gr G36: You flatter me.

Gr G36: Now then, there's no time to waste.

Gr G36: There is much work to be done today, Commander.

Commander: But...

Gr G36: Miss Kalina told me as much.

Commander: ...Yeah, got it.

Commander: I'll leave Miss Kalina to you, GSh-18.

GSh-18: I've already told my editor that I won't be submitting an update this month.

GSh-18: Miss Kalina is my top priority, so don't worry about her.

Commander: I see... Right, I'll be off then.

Commander: Gr G36?

Gr G36: Yes, Commander. Your first appointment of the day is...
Part 2: Black Pepper

2

Inside the Griffin Command Room.

Commander: —That ought to settle the resource allocation issue. What else do I have lined up for today?

Gr G36: Yes, Commander.

Gr G36: A reviewer from I.O.P. will be coming at 3pm today. They want to collect live combat data on the newest batch of Dolls.

Gr G36: Also, Border Investigation Team B104 will be returning to base tonight, and there are some items that you will need to personally collect.

Commander: Hm... Right.

Commander: What about our orders?

Gr G36: They've all been temporarily delayed.

Gr G36: The merchants are the conservative sort and refuse to deal with Dolls.

Gr G36: All we can do is wait for Miss Kalina to personally come and settle things with them.

Gr G36: Also, the order quantities are very large. There is a chance that an error might occur, considering that I am not accustomed to the job.

Commander: I see... Thank you for your hard work, Gr G36.

Commander: You can attend to your own business for now.

Gr G36: I have finished my logistics work for the morning.

Gr G36: There is no need to worry about my work schedule.

Commander: She's still carrying out her assigned duties even when she's acting as my part-time adjutant.

Commander: They say that Dolls are incredibly efficient, but isn't Gr G36 taking it to an extreme...?

Gr G36: Also, do you need to visit Miss Kalina?

Commander: Oh... Er, I don't think so.

Commander: For some reason, Kalina's been unwilling to let me see her.

Commander: And it's not just me either, she's rejected all visits from the other employees too.

Commander: It seems she's only receiving Doll visitors.

Commander: I'll handle things in the afternoon myself, so go visit her in my place.

Gr G36: Yes, I understand.

Commander: Oh right, in that case, I have one more thing to ask of you.

Gr G36: Please, go ahead.

Commander: Springfield has temporarily closed down the café these few days while she's keeping Kalina company.

Commander: However, I think it's opening again this afternoon.

Commander: Here's a notice for the reopening of the café, please hand it to her in my place.

Gr G36: Miss Springfield?

Gr G36: Didn't you ask her to take care of Miss Kalina?

Commander: No, she did that of her own accord.

Gr G36: ...So she put aside her own work for that?

Commander: She didn't inform me, at least.

Commander: Still, it all happened so suddenly, so it's alright, I guess.

Gr G36: Is that so?

Gr G36: ...I see.

Gr G36 accepts the document that the Commander passes her, executes a slight bow, then leaves the command room.

Gr G36: ...How unseemly.

In the medical bay.

GSh-18: Ah, it's Miss Gr G36.

Gr G36: Is this a good time to visit Miss Kalina?

GSh-18: Miss Kalina has almost fully recovered. You may visit freely.

GSh-18: Miss Springfield is in there too.

Gr G36: Understood. Thank you.

After greeting the doctor, Gr G36 heads straight into the ward.

Kalina: Ahhhh—

Springfield: Oh my, it's Miss Gr G36.

Kalina: —Mm!

Kalina devours the piece of apple that Springfield is feeding to her in one mouthful and happily crunches on it.

It is only after she finishes that she realizes Gr G36 has entered the room.

Kalina: Ah... Miss Gr G36.

Gr G36: You seem to be in good spirits.

Kalina: I'm fine!

Kalina: I wasn't very sick in the first place, anyway.

Kalina: Is the adjutant work going well?

Gr G36: Yes, thanks to you.

Gr G36 looks at Springfield, then takes a seat opposite her without saying a word.

Gr G36: The Commander asked me to give these to you.

Kalina: Ohhhh! Lucky me~

Kalina: The Commander has great taste when it comes to picking presents!

Gr G36: The Commander's been wanting to visit you for a while now, but I heard you've refused all visits.

Gr G36: Why is that? Are you having a fight with the Commander?

Kalina: ...Erk!

Springfield: It's nothing like that, Miss Gr G36.

Springfield: Kalina is simply embarrassed.

Gr G36: Embarrassed?

Kalina: W-Wait, Miss Springfield!

Springfield: There's nothing wrong with that. Miss Gr G36 won't laugh at you.

Springfield: After all, "we don't get it".

Gr G36: We don't?

Kalina: ...

Springfield: The next time you're feeling tired, please remember to ask the Commander to lighten your workload.

Springfield: Please don't force yourself to push through it because you're embarrassed.

Springfield: This is especially true given your personality. You're the sort who wouldn't dream of using medical supplies on yourself.

Springfield: That said, I think a painkiller or two wouldn't hurt.

Kalina: ...I don't like receiving special treatment for this sort of thing.

Kalina: Besides, there are people out there who need those painkillers more than I do.

Springfield: You really are incredibly stubborn in the most unexpected ways.

Kalina: I envy you and Miss Gr G36, Miss Springfield.

Kalina: You've never had this sort of problem before.

Gr G36: Problem? Do you mean falling ill?

Springfield: Well, we're "not human", after all.

Springfield: We might LOOK human, but we're fundamentally different.

Kalina: I ended up mentioning something terrible in a strange place.

Kalina: How awful.

Springfield: Well, it's not too bad, Miss Kalina.

Springfield: Although you and the Commander treat us as humans...

Springfield: We can't forget that fact.

Springfield: Ultimately...we're not the same.

Kalina: ...You really are mean today, Miss Springfield.

Kalina: I've never considered you to be a Doll.

Springfield: And that's why someone needs to be the bad guy every now and then.

Springfield: Don't you agree, Miss Gr G36?

Gr G36: I concur with Miss Springfield on that point.

Gr G36: I hope you will take the differences between us into consideration.

Gr G36: Although I still don't quite understand what exactly the two of you are talking about...

Springfield: You don't need to know, Miss Gr G36.

Springfield: Simply put, it has nothing to do with us.

Gr G36: ...Alright.

Gr G36: Then let's talk about something relevant.

Gr G36: I have something for you, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Hm?
Part 3: Berry Jam

3

In the café.

Springfield: Haha, I have to thank you and the Commander, Miss Gr G36.

Springfield: I totally forgot about this.

Gr G36: ...I hope you'll take your work more seriously.

Springfield: You're right.

Springfield: And thank you for staying behind to help.

Springfield: Otherwise the preparations for reopening wouldn't have been finished so soon.

Gr G36: Don't mention it.

Gr G36: Also...

Doll A: Miss Springfield! Another coffee, please!

Springfield: Alright, just give me a moment.

Doll B: Miss Springfield! Extra cookies here.

Springfield: Alright, alright, hang on a little—

Doll C: Miss Springfield—!

Springfield: Coming—!

Gr G36: You don't seem to have much time to spare either.

Springfield no longer has time to entertain Gr G36 as she is busy with the work that has piled up over the past few days.

Gr G36 quietly takes a seat in a corner of the café. It has been a long time since she last came here.

Gr G36: ....Looks like she has her hands full.

???: It's just an unusually busy day.

???: Everyone's eager to come back after the café was closed up for a couple of days, not to mention there are more and more of us here at the base.

???: Even the number of external visitors has grown. That's the two stars of our logistics department for you.

???: Is this some kind of marketing strategy that capitalizes on starvation?

Before Gr G36 can get up, a customer beside her strikes up a conversation.

Gr G36: You're not part of the CSD, XM8.

XM8: Well, our fates are bound together, for good or for ill.

XM8: So, why were you looking for Springfield?

XM8: Were you going to issue a challenge to her?

XM8: See who's the number one service staffer in Griffin?

Gr G36: ...

XM8: You could at least laugh...meh.

Gr G36: ...Were you trying to make me laugh?

Gr G36: I thought you were being serious.

XM8: What kind of person am I to you, anyway?

Gr G36: A mischievous brat.

XM8: Hey, I DO help with the chores every now and then.

Gr G36: The best thing you can do for me is not causing problems.

Gr G36: ...Are you a regular here?

XM8: Do you see me here all the time?

XM8: Ah, I almost forgot, you hardly ever indulge in girl time.

XM8: Want a coffee? Granted, I've already finished half of mine.

Gr G36: We'll discuss that later.

Gr G36: If I'm not mistaken, you should be on duty now, XM8.

XM8: Oh no, you found out!

XM8: Relax, I'm on break at the moment. A proper and legitimate break, mind you.

XM8: Someone lost a bet with me and she's covering my shift.

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36 sighs and returns to her seat.

Gr G36: ...Does Miss Springfield always work like this?

XM8: Work like what?

Gr G36: She's so...whimsical, always following her heart.

XM8: Haha, I suppose.

XM8: Still, it depends on who you're comparing her to, right?

XM8: I mean, compared to you, just about anyone would look like a jobless bum.

Gr G36: Does she often close the café because of unplanned personal matters too?

XM8: Not for THIS long.

XM8: Still, she does occasionally go off to do whatever she wants when the urge strikes her.

XM8: Why do you ask? Could it be that you're interested in Miss Springfield?

Gr G36: Shut up.

Gr G36 sits in her place and watches Springfield as she works.

Gr G36: ...Maybe a little.
Part 4: Salt & Sugar

4

An hour later.

The café is still filled with people, but the customers don't seem to be piling up like before.

Most of the crowd seems to be people who are content to order a coffee and sit for several hours, and Springfield doesn't seem to be doing anything about it.

From what Gr G36 can see, over a dozen Dolls have left already because they couldn't get a place.

Gr G36: ...

XM8: ...There doesn't seem to be much improvement.

Gr G36: This is just...

XM8: It's just?

Gr G36: This is just terrible.

XM8: Huh?

Gr G36: In the past, I handed a lot of work to Miss Springfield to handle.

Gr G36: This includes the management of the café. I let Miss Springfield take care of all that by herself.

Gr G36: But I did not know that this was how Miss Springfield actually worked.

XM8: Ehhh... No way.

XM8: You only found out just now?

XM8: Don't the two of you know each other at all?

Gr G36: ...Of course, I've worked with Miss Springfield before.

Gr G36: But Miss Springfield has always been very capable when we were working together.

Gr G36: In particular, her orderly and precise logic in mission planning left a deep impression on me.

Gr G36: But I never thought she would be so slothful when she's off duty.

XM8: Slothful? What makes you say that?

Gr G36: She's far too inefficient in handling customers...

Gr G36: Not just that, she seems to radiate an air of indolence despite working in a busy environment.

Gr G36: It has even infected the customers around her - everyone is just floundering here listlessly.

XM8: Wow, you're blaming everything on her.

XM8: Are you sure you're not taking it out on her because you've been waiting too long for your drink? It's not exactly becoming, you know.

Gr G36: It's nothing of the sort.

Gr G36: I would not have made up something like this if I had not seen it for myself.

Gr G36: But it does seem there is a big problem with the way she does things.

Gr G36: This also extends to her lack of planning. I don't think this is right.

XM8: Well, she certainly doesn't do things your way.

Gr G36: I can't tolerate this...

Gr G36: Also, I've been meaning to ask her about why she closed the café in the last few days.

Gr G36: Ingredients from our suppliers have been piling up because she suddenly closed the café.

Gr G36: I heard the complaints when I was in the cafeteria earlier.

Gr G36 stands up.

XM8: What are you doing? Are you going to start a fight?

XM8: Wait, take me with you!

Gr G36: Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Oh? Miss Gr G36... My apologies, please give me a moment.

Springfield: I didn't think you were still around. Is something the matter?

Gr G36: Miss Springfield...

Springfield: ...?

Springfield: You seem a bit run down. Would you like a cup of tea?

Gr G36: There's no need for that.

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: ...Miss Springfield, don't you think the mood in the café is too relaxed?

Springfield: Thank you?

Gr G36: That wasn't meant as praise, but criticism. Do you understand?

Springfield: Hm... I do get your meaning.

Springfield: However, is there a problem with that?

Gr G36: Do you think this is right?

Gr G36: Your indolence is most unsightly!

Springfield: But this is the café, is it not, Miss Gr G36?

Springfield: If even the café lost its leisurely atmosphere, then where would people go to relax?

Gr G36: Even so, that doesn't justify how you've been treating your customers.

Springfield: Do you feel that there is a problem with the way I handle them, Miss Gr G36?

Gr G36: When the Commander mentioned how you arbitrarily decided to close the café, I already found it a very irresponsible thing to do.

Gr G36: And after observing you for a long time just now, I have also noticed that even when the café is open, you allow many customers to waste their time waiting in line.

Gr G36: This is by no means a proper work attitude!

Springfield: But the café is full, and I can't conjure extra seats out of nowhere.

Springfield: And as for closing the café arbitrarily... I will admit that it was my bad for not informing the Commander beforehand.

Springfield: But do you think it was wrong of me to take care of Miss Kalina?

Gr G36: I commend your desire to take care of Miss Kalina.

Gr G36: But as a result, you casually cast your work aside.

Gr G36: I'm afraid I must object.

Springfield: Hm, I did wonder if closing the café for so long would be too much.

Springfield: But I don't regret it, because I don't believe I've done anything wrong.

Gr G36: You're far too undisciplined.

XM8: STOP! STOOOOOOOP!

Gr G36: ...XM8?

XM8: Don't argue here!

XM8: You're taking this too seriously, sis!

Gr G36: I'm merely stating facts.

Gr G36: It is precisely because Springfield is capable of handling such responsibilities that I am setting appropriate standards for her.

Springfield: So you're only judging me this harshly because it's me, Miss Gr G36.

Springfield: Even though you know nothing about my job scope or my methods.

Gr G36: I've been watching you for an hour.

Springfield: But only for an hour.

XM8: Wait! Waaaaaaaaait!

XM8: You won't get anywhere arguing like this!

XM8: What I'm saying is, this is the perfect opportunity, don't you think?

XM8: I've got an idea!

Springfield: XM8, you sound like you're trying to spring some kind of evil scheme on us.

XM8: You're mean, Miss Springfield.

XM8: This is a very constructive suggestion, you know?

Gr G36: ...Go ahead, then.
Part 5: Warm Milk

5

Clack—

Commander: Gr G36, please help me double-check these documents.

Springfield: Yes, Commander.

Commander: ...Springfield? Why are you here?

Commander: What happened to Gr G36?

Springfield: For certain reasons, I will be handling Miss Gr G36's duties.

Springfield: Or are you saying that you would prefer Miss Gr G36?

Commander: No... Er, then here you go, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Of course, I'd be happy to. ♪

Commander: Is this really going to be okay...

Commander: (Stretches) Ugh.

Springfield: Your tea, Commander.

Commander: Hm? Ah, thank you... I was just about to ask for some.

Springfield: (Chuckles) I know your habits, Commander.

Commander: Thank you. By the way, help me proofread these documents.

Springfield: Alright.

Commander: Hmmm...mm?

Commander: ...Miss Springfield, what are you doing?

Springfield: You've been working for three hours straight.

Springfield: Sitting for too long is not good for the body, Please allow me to make you more comfortable.

Commander: Oh...ohhhhh!

Commander: Wait, be more gentl— ohhh?!

Commander: Thank you for your hard work.

Springfield: Yes, that's all the work for today. I've finished checking it.

Commander: Ah, thank you.

Commander: Whew... Why do I feel so relaxed today?

Springfield: That's because you're in good shape.

Commander: Really...?

Commander: I do feel lighter than usual.

Commander: You're always doing the right thing at the right time, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: That is also a secretary's job.

Knock knock.

Commander: Please come in.

Gr G36c: Commander...

Commander: Gr G36c?

Commander: Is something the matter?

Gr G36c: I'm here for Miss Springfield. It's clean-up time.

Commander: Ah... Come to think of it, Gr G36 usually heads out around this time.

Commander: So it's to do the cleaning.

Commander: Yeah, go ahead, Springfield. Let me handle things here for the time being.

Springfield: Alright, then. Sorry for the inconvenience.

Knock.

Springfield: Whew... A secretary's job is tough.

Gr G36c: That's because this arrangement was too abrupt, and the handover of duties wasn't done properly, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Miss Gr G36 has been very conscientious in advising me on how to perform well in this position.

Springfield: I'm confident that I've met her requirements, at least.

Gr G36c: I see...

Gr G36c mutters to herself, as though she was going to say something else.

Gr G36c: ...It's all because of XM8 and her dumb idea.

Springfield: (Chuckles) Personally, I think it's quite interesting.

Springfield: After all, given how agitated Miss Gr G36 was back then, it would have been hard to de-escalate things if XM8 hadn't come up with this.

Springfield: Your sister really is too serious.

Gr G36c: But that's also her best quality.

Gr G36c: Everyone trusts her because she does her best in everything.

Springfield: You really do love your sister a lot.

Gr G36c: I... Of course I do...

Gr G36c: And that's why I was willing to come by and help, though...

Gr G36c: I think this whole "swap" thing is really childish.

Springfield: But isn't exchanging jobs to experience how the other person feels the fastest way to facilitate mutual understanding?

Springfield: I think it's a good idea.

Gr G36c: I think XM8 just said it for fun.

Gr G36c: But...I'm surprised Big Sis didn't refuse.

Springfield: Well, there's nothing wrong with switching things around every now and then.

Springfield: It's good to let Miss Gr G36 see things from a different perspective.

Gr G36c: So Big Sis should...

Gr G36c's voice trails off again.

Gr G36c: You should also try to re-evaluate your understanding on how Big Sis works, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Oh?

Springfield: ...Well, this is a surprise. To think even you would say that as well, Miss Gr G36c.

Springfield: Maybe I have really overlooked something?

Gr G36c: You'll understand once you keep working.

Gr G36c hands the cleaning implements to Springfield, while also taking out Gr G36's schedule from her side pouch.

Gr G36c: Please prepare yourself... The true battlefield lies ahead.

Springfield: ...Oho?

Springfield: How frightening, Miss Gr G36c.

Springfield: Bring it on.

Gr G36c: ...

Springfield: ?

Gr G36c: Before we start, there is something I'd like to ask.

Springfield: What is it?

Gr G36c: Are you really not going to wear Big Sis' uniform?

Springfield: Alright then— Cleaning time!
Part 6: Iced Coffee

6

In the café.

Gr G36: ...

XM8: ...

Gr G36: ...Right, almost time to open.

XM8: Wait a minute. Don't you think it's strange that I'm here?

Gr G36: How is it strange?

XM8: I should be OUTSIDE the counter, not INSIDE!

XM8: I'm a customer! Why am I doing this too?!

Gr G36: That's only to be expected. Did you think you would be getting out of this?

Gr G36: It's not like I can't tell your aim was to make Springfield and I the butt of your joke.

Gr G36: Now that you've gotten your way, you should behave and help me out.

Gr G36: You know how the café works, don't you?

XM8: (Whimpers) Dammit, I ended up screwing myself over...

XM8: Is this what they mean when they say "if you play with fire, you get burned"?

Gr G36: That's enough rubbish out of you.

Gr G36: We have 13 minutes and 28 seconds until the café opens.

Gr G36: Our preparations must be complete by then.

XM8: Ehhhh... Okay, okay, I'll help you out.

XM8: Still, this is a new look for you.

XM8: What happened to your uniform?

Gr G36: I lent it to Miss Springfield.

Gr G36: Wearing the appropriate attire while filling a position is part of the job.

XM8: I bet Miss Springfield won't wear it…

Gr G36: ...

XM8: What is it? Why are you spacing out?

XM8: Oh, don't tell me you're sick of this already!

XM8: In that case, hurry up and let me go!

XM8: Take a break, close up shop!

Gr G36: Don't be so eager to run, XM8.

Gr G36: Go arrange the tables and chairs.

XM8: Yes...

XM8: So, why were you spacing out just now?

Gr G36: ...No, I was just surprised.

Gr G36: At first, I thought the café would be in worse shape than I expected.

Gr G36: However, the locations for all the ingredients and implements are clearly marked.

Gr G36: I can see why Miss Springfield can handle so many customers by herself.

XM8: Well, Miss Springfield's no slouch, after all... Hup, there we go.

XM8: Speaking of which, does she usually clean up the tables herself?

Gr G36: However, there's still room for improvement when it comes to hygiene.

Gr G36: I would like her to do better in that respect.

Gr G36: Also... the café's selection of desserts is utterly lacking.

Gr G36: All I see are a few pre-made cookies and English candies.

Gr G36: Does Miss Springfield not know how to make cakes?

XM8: She does make them on occasion.

XM8: However, Miss Springfield is surprisingly bad at making trendy stuff...

XM8: For example, last time... she ended up making carrot walnut cake.

Gr G36: ...That's a very rural American thing to do.

XM8: It's kind of a shame though, since Miss Springfield is so good at making coffee.

XM8: Her English tea is also excellent, but in the end we only have factory-made snacks to go with them.

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: XM8.

XM8: Hm?

Gr G36: Go to the CSD and get me some things. I'll make a list for you.

Gr G36: All they need is my signature. Make sure you get back here before we open.

XM8: Ehhh? I can do that...

XM8: Flour, butter...ehhhhhh?!

XM8: Are you going to bake a cake?!

Gr G36: As it happens, I specialize in Western-style desserts.

Gr G36: Since I need to show Miss Springfield her inadequacies, it follows that I must do better than her.

XM8: Eh... But do you really have to go that far?

XM8: Aren't you taking this way too seriously?

XM8: It isn't like you at all.

Gr G36: This isn't like me, hm... Perhaps, perhaps.

Gr G36: I don't know why I agreed to this foolish exchange either.

Gr G36: I've always admired Miss Springfield.

Gr G36: Compared to me, people tend to trust her more readily.

Gr G36: So seeing her in this state of disgrace has probably made me a little anxious.

XM8: Pfffft... Don't you get goosebumps when you say stuff like ow-ow-ow-ow-oooooooow!

XM8: It'sgonnabreak-it'sgonnabreak-it'sgonnabreak!

Gr G36: I would like Miss Springfield to do better.

Gr G36: The main reason for that is because she CAN do better.

XM8: (Whimpers) You know, this is what they call "moral coercion".

XM8: How others act is their own business.

XM8: I don't think imposing your values on others is a good thing.

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: ...Do you think so?

XM8: Aw, you don't need to get all weepy on me.

XM8: I mean, Miss Springfield seems to be enjoying herself.

XM8: Just think of it as having fun.

Gr G36: Well, since I'm doing it, I might as well do it to the best of my ability.

Gr G36: Otherwise, wouldn't Miss Springfield regard the whole thing as a joke?

Gr G36: Anyway, off with you! I'll take care of things here.

XM8: Okay, okay, I'm going, I'm going!
Part 7: Protein Excess

7

In the corridor.

Springfield: (Happy humming) ♪

Gr G36c: You seem to be in a good mood, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: Hm? Haha, you could tell?

Springfield: Yes, I feel pretty good.

Springfield: Losing myself in the process of cleaning up is actually quite fun.

Springfield: Does Miss Gr G36 not hum usually?

Gr G36c: No... Big Sis hardly ever does that sort of thing.

Springfield: You can't treat your work as a mission.

Springfield: You need to try and enjoy it.

Springfield: If even you find it dry and boring, you won't be able to spread positivity to your customers.

Gr G36c: ...I believe the job of head maid does not involve serving customers.

Gr G36c: After all, this isn't a maid café.

Springfield: Haha, that's true.

Springfield: You really are wicked, Miss Gr G36c.

Springfield: When we started out, you made the work sound so intimidating, but you're actually also enjoying yourself, aren't you?

Gr G36c: Enjoying myself, huh...

Gr G36c shakes her head and takes her schedule out of her bag.

Gr G36c: We're only halfway through.

Springfield: Mm. After all, Griffin is quite a big place.

Springfield: We might only be sweeping the corridors, but that's still a lot of area to cover.

Springfield: Does Miss Gr G36 usually do all this by herself?

Gr G36c: Yeah... Sometimes other people take turns to help out, like me, for example.

Springfield: Just as I thought. It's a lot of work, but it can still be done.

Springfield: Still, given Miss Gr G36's personality, I guess she is much more meticulous than I am.

Springfield: Even so, I don't think this is much of a "battlefield", is it?

Gr G36c: That's because there is a lot more to Big Sis' work than this.

Springfield: Hm?

Gr G36c: This is her daily work schedule... Sweeping the corridors is just one of her tasks.

Springfield: What?

Springfield takes the schedule from Gr G36c and reads through it. The smile on her face immediately freezes solid.

Springfield: ...She does this every day?

Gr G36c: Usually, there's more.

Gr G36c: But she took your adjutant duties into account and helped you cut down on them.

Springfield: I have to hand it to Miss Gr G36... I was prepared for something like this, but it really is quite daunting.

Gr G36c: Big Sis is very organized in everything she does.

Gr G36c: She also strictly enforces her standards, so much so that she almost pushed herself over the edge.

Gr G36c: However, it's been...much better recently.

Springfield: Mm, that sounds like the Miss Gr G36 I know.

Gr G36c: I thought you would be shocked.

Springfield: I have to say I was.

Gr G36c: But...

Springfield: But my reaction was more subdued than you expected?

Gr G36c: ...Yeah.

Gr G36c: In the past, everyone who saw this schedule made pretty much the same face.

Gr G36c: Miss Kalina nearly wept out of sympathy, in fact.

Springfield: Heh, now that's something.

Springfield: Hm... I guess that's the normal reaction.

Springfield: After all, not everyone can be like Miss Gr G36.

Springfield: However, since I accepted Miss Gr G36's invitation, I need to take this seriously.

Gr G36c: You seem to be taking it in stride...

Springfield: Let's see, my next work location is...

Springfield: The cafeteria?

Gr G36c: It's almost lunchtime.

Gr G36c: Both the Commander and Miss Kalina's lunches, as well as those of the other Dolls, need to be made ASAP.

Springfield: ...And this is the menu?

Gr G36c: Yeah. Big Sis took everyone's requests into consideration and went with more neutral choices.

Springfield: So this is a complete list of everyone's requirements, right?

Springfield: Hm... It seems everyone has things of their own which they want to eat.

Gr G36c: Yes... So what are you going to do?

Springfield: Didn't I say I had to do better than Miss Gr G36?

Springfield: Besides, satisfying your customers is a basic principle in the café.

Gr G36c: But this isn't the same as the café...

Springfield: Then let's make it better!

Gr G36c: (Sighs) I wonder how this will turn out...

...

Commander: ...Hm?

Commander: The cafeteria seems quite lively today... What's going on?

4 Shiki: We will have one super thick natto rice, please!

S.A.T.8: I want a pizza! You know what kind, Miss Springfield!

MDR: When's my food coming??

MDR: I'm so hungry!

Springfield: Yes, yes, coming right up!

Springfield: Gr G36c, help me note that down!

Commander: What's going on here?

Springfield: Ah! Commander, you're here. What would you like to eat?

Commander: What would I like to eat? Isn't this the cafeteria?

Commander: ...Or do you mean we can order what we want at the cafeteria now?

Springfield: Yes, you can have anything you want. Just go ahead and tell me.

Commander: If I get to pick... How about a gaifan?

Springfield: Oh, topped rice? Feeling some Chinese today then. Would you like some fried gyoza to go with it?

Commander: Ehhh... It sounds like your understanding of Chinese food tends toward the Japanese.

Commander: I'll have soup, then. I've been doing a lot of physical labor recently, so something salty would be nice.

Springfield: Is that so? Miss 4 Shiki said that it was a good match for Chinese cuisine.

Commander: Ah, now I see the cause of your misunderstanding.

Springfield: In any case, I've received your order and I'll get to work on it right away.

Springfield: Please give me a moment, Commander.

Springfield hurries back into the kitchen.

Commander: ...She looks really busy.

Commander: Is it really okay to run the cafeteria like this?

Commander: Also...

Gr SL8: (Tummy rumbles)

VHS: ...Quit making weird noises.

Gr SL8: But I'm starving...

VHS: You're starving very loudly.

Gr SL8: But it's just my tummy!

VHS: Even the way you think is loud.

Gr SL8: ?!

Commander: It would seem that the price for letting everyone eat what they want...

Commander: Is that she just can't serve the dishes fast enough.

...The Commander gapes slightly at the bustling crowd in the cafeteria and takes a seat somewhat uneasily.

While being able to eat what you want is delightful...

Is this really okay?

The Commander can't help but be a little worried.

Gr G36c: How could it possibly be alright?

Springfield: Haha, but we made it, didn't we?

Gr G36c: But your work for the day isn't done yet... How are you going to do the rest of your tasks if you've used all your strength already?

Gr G36c: Speaking of which, could you even stand on your feet?

Springfield: True enough... The workload was greater than I expected.

Springfield: Thank you all for helping me out; otherwise I'd never have made it.

Gr G36c: ...Well, we managed to do it today.

Gr G36c: But how about tomorrow? Or the day after?

Gr G36c: If you work like this every day...

Gr G36c: How long can you keep this up?

Springfield: So this is why Miss Gr G36 is always so strict.

Springfield: Even though her daily work is dry and boring, someone has to do it.

Springfield: It seems Miss Gr G36 simply became that person.

Gr G36c: ...If you force yourself to do more than you planned, people might think well of you for a while, but it's not sustainable.

Gr G36c: Big Sis does the same thing day in day out, year after year, but even so, she doesn't make any mistakes.

Springfield: It's really quite admirable.

Gr G36c: Don't you do that in the café?

Springfield: Well, the café isn't as large as the cafeteria, and I usually don't get 300

Springfield: customers at once.

Springfield: When I work at the café, I go out of my way to cater to each customer's requests.

Springfield: I can do that because I have the luxury of doing so.

Gr G36c: Well, Big Sis has to deal with 300

Gr G36c: customers in the cafeteria. She doesn't have that kind of freedom.

Springfield: Yes... I understand that.

Springfield: I can see why Miss Gr G36 had her doubts about my work habits.

Gr G36c: Big Sis may be very rigid and by-the-book.

Gr G36c: But considering her position, that would be a necessary compromise.

Springfield looks at the schedule in her hands thoughtfully and smiles at Gr G36c.

Springfield: There's still so much work to be done...

Springfield: But I can barely move.

Gr G36c: ...Then, would you like to call it a day?

Gr G36c: Big Sis said that if there was anything left over, she would take care of it after finishing up at the café.

Springfield: So she knew this would happen, huh...

Springfield: Hm. That won't do, of course.

Springfield: I've accepted this job, and it would be unseemly for me to give up just because it's tough.

Gr G36c: So you're standing your ground.

Springfield: Unlike customers who would line up neatly outside the café, work isn't so obliging.

Springfield: Miss Gr G36 was already mad when I put the customers aside.

Springfield: I don't dare imagine how she'd react if I neglected my work as well.

Springfield: Personally, I don't want her to look down on me, even though she has clearly proved her superiority.

Gr G36c: Well, Big Sis is just used to it.

Gr G36c: She could do the same things you did in a third of the time.

Gr G36c: An onlooker would even think she was finishing her tasks with ease.

Springfield: You DO realize you're rubbing salt into my wound, right?

Gr G36c: ...Sorry!

Springfield: It's alright. It's the truth, after all.

Springfield: Alright, break time is over. Let's carry on, then!

Gr G36c: Okay!
Part 8: Caffeine Addiction

8

In the café.

Gr G36: And that's... pretty much it for the setup.

XM8: Yo! I got the stuff you want— Whoa!

Gr G36: You're back? Give it to me.

Gr G36: We still have some time left, so I can make some preparations before we open.

XM8: Er... Did you do spring cleaning here or something?

Gr G36: I just sanitized the place a little.

XM8: What do you mean "a little"?!

XM8: Ack... The place smells of disinfectant!

Gr G36: Don't worry, it won't affect the food.

XM8: That's not the point!

XM8: Nobody wants to eat in a hospital, right?!

XM8: And that's the kind of place you... Eeeep!

XM8: The counter is spotless!

Gr G36: ...Why are you freaking out more than if you saw a cockroach?

XM8: But it's no good, sis!

XM8: You can't have the place be too clean!

Gr G36: I have no idea what you're talking about.

Gr G36: Don't think I'll let you off easily if you're trying to prank me.

Gr G36: Come, help me arrange these cups.

XM8: (Sighs)

XM8: Oh well, don't blame me for what happens next.

Gr G36: You're being over-dramatic, XM8.

Gr G36: I'm taking this very seriously.

Gr G36: I am fully confident that I can deliver the best service to my customers.

XM8: Well, you do you... It's not like you'll listen to me anyway.

XM8: You'll just have to experience cruel reality for yourself.

Gr G36: ...?

MDR: Woohoo! Once again, I'm the first customer— uwaaaahhhhh!

Gr G36: ...Welcome.

MDR: Man, that scared the hell out of me.

MDR: What are you doing here, Gr G36?

Gr G36: I am covering Miss Springfield's shift today.

MDR: Er... I...uh...

MDR sniffs the air and looks around furtively before her gaze finally meets XM8's, who is displaying a really cheeky smile.

MDR: Tell her!

XM8: She won't listen to me!

MDR: ...Urk.

Gr G36: Dear customer?

MDR: I-I don't feel very well!

MDR: I guess that's it for me today, ahahahaha! See you again—!

MDR flees the scene.

Gr G36: ...

XM8: I told you, right...

Lee Enfield: Good after...hm?

Gr G36: Welcome.

Lee Enfield: Miss Gr G36?

Gr G36: I'm on shift today.

Lee Enfield: I see... In that case, I'll have a black tea, please.

Gr G36: Alright.

Lee Enfield takes a seat at the counter as usual, but it's obvious that she's feeling very awkward.

Gr G36: Please, help yourself.

Gr G36: ...There's no need to be so stiff. There is simply a different person manning the counter.

Lee Enfield: Oh... No, I'm not bothered by you, Miss Gr G36.

Lee Enfield: It's just...hm? Something feels different about the café today.

Gr G36: Something other than me?

Lee Enfield: Something other than you.

Gr G36: ...And what is that?

Lee Enfield: I'm not too sure myself... Hm, I guess it's because I'm the only one here?

Lee Enfield: Please don't get me wrong, I'm not at all bothered by that.

Lee Enfield: Rather, it's an honor that I get to try your special blend, Miss Gr G36.

Gr G36: ...

Lee Enfield: ...Did I say something wrong?

XM8: Haha, no, not at all.

Gr G36: Shut up.

Lee Enfield: Um...

Gr G36 places the tea in front of Lee Enfield.

Lee Enfield: Thank you.

Gr G36: ...

Lee Enfield: ...?

While Lee Enfield is drinking her tea, Gr G36 quietly steps back behind the counter and watches her.

Although it is an elegant scene, being the sole subject of Gr G36's gaze places Lee Enfield under a great deal of pressure.

As a result, Lee Enfield drinks her tea much more quickly than usual.

Gr G36: !

The moment Lee Enfield puts down the cup, Gr G36 whisks the cup away in the blink of an eye and quickly refills it.

It is soon followed by some scones.

Gr G36: We are providing these snacks today.

Lee Enfield: Oh... Uh...a-alright then.

Lee Enfield: ...I'll help myself.

After that round of attentive service, Gr G36 backs off again. Perhaps it is due to the absence of other customers, but her gaze is still focused on Lee Enfield.

Under Gr G36's watchful eye, Lee Enfield stiffly finishes her dessert and her second cup of tea.

After that, Gr G36 swiftly and efficiently removes the chinaware, then turns to start doing the washing up.

Lee Enfield sits before the empty counter in silence.

Lee Enfield: ...I think I'll get going, then.

Lee Enfield: Thank you for having me.

Gr G36: You're welcome.

Lee Enfield hurries out of the café, while Gr G36 says nothing.

XM8: If I didn't see you treat every other customer the same way...

XM8: I'd suspect you were doing it on purpose to get rid of her.

Gr G36: What are you talking about?

XM8: Why...why are you in such a rush, anyway?

Gr G36: Hm?

Gr G36: I'm just doing my job.

Gr G36: Everyone seems to be in a hurry. Perhaps they have business to attend to.

Gr G36: Besides, it's not like I didn't allow them to rest here.

XM8: Well, that's true, but people who don't know better would probably think that Griffin operated under military-style regimentation.

XM8: "Drink your coffee in three minutes!" and so on.

XM8: I mean, this place seems much quieter and less welcoming than the usual café.

XM8: Can't you tell that something isn't right?

Gr G36: ...So it's no good if it's not Miss Springfield?

XM8: I don't think that's the problem.

XM8: As Miss Lee said, most customers don't really care who's behind the counter.

XM8: At the very least, they don't hate you enough that they'd turn around and leave on the spot.

Gr G36: Then why is that?

Gr G36: Even FF FNC left immediately after finishing her snacks.

XM8: Er, do you really not know why?

Gr G36: I don't.

XM8: UGH! I can't take it anymore!

Gr G36: !

XM8: Where should I begin...

XM8: First, let's start with your expression!

Gr G36: M-my expression?

Gr G36: What's wrong with it?

XM8: What do you mean "what's wrong?"

XM8: My dear, your expression is way too hostile! Especially the way you look at people!

XM8: Come on, spare a thought for your customers!

XM8: When you keep being given the death stare, even your coffee would become tasteless!

Gr G36: I look mean...

XM8: Also!

XM8 suddenly vaults over the counter and spreads her arms in a gesture to Gr G36.

XM8: This place is way! Too! Clean!

Gr G36: You mean I get marked down for that?

XM8: Yes!

Gr G36: No, leaving my facial expression aside, I still find your explanation questionable.

Gr G36: So you're saying that customers like dirty places?

XM8: Well, not really... I'm trying to think of a way to put it through to you.

XM8: It's a matter of "ambience"!

Gr G36: Ambience..

XM8: Both human and Doll customers visit cafés because they want to enjoy some leisure time after work.

XM8: Before this, the café was still pretty clean, but on the whole it had an atmosphere that invited people to relax here.

XM8: But look at what you've done! You've doused the place in disinfectant and even re-waxed the floor!

XM8: You even took away the old mangas on the shelves!

Gr G36: Aren't new books better?

XM8: No! Old books have a special "old book" feel to them!

Gr G36: ...I don't get it at all.

XM8: A place like this looks like a café you'd find in a five-star hotel! Nobody could possibly relax in a place like this!

XM8: Especially when the head maid is staring daggers at them all the time! Even a super hardcore masochist wouldn't want that!

XM8: There's no way you can escape the feeling of being at work, it's as bad as sitting on a bed of nails!

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: ...So I'm making the customers feel like they're sitting on a bed of nails?

XM8: (Exhales vehemently) Oh thank God, I was choking back there.

XM8: YES. You said it at last.

XM8: Seriously, dear.

XM8: You are NOT cut out for running a café at all!

Gr G36: ...

XM8: ...Uh?

XM8: Hang on, did I go overboard with that?

Gr G36: ...No.

Gr G36 cleans the glass she's holding in silence.

Gr G36: I just don't understand it.

XM8: Hey...
Part 9: Seasoning

9

Late at night.

Springfield: ...Hm?

Springfield: I didn't expect you to still be around, Miss Gr G36.

Gr G36: Yes. You must have worked all the way until now. Thanks for your hard work.

Springfield: It's just your usual workload, Miss Gr G36.

Springfield: I am now keenly aware of the kind of burden that you're carrying.

Springfield smiles as she sits in front of Gr G36.

Springfield: Has XM8 already gone back?

Gr G36: She said that she felt as if she had worked three days in the last few hours and had to go back to rest.

Gr G36: Is Gr G36c...

Springfield: I let her go while I was wrapping up.

Springfield: I've caused her enough trouble for one day.

Gr G36: I see.

Springfield: ...

Gr G36: ...

Springfield & Gr G36: I'm terribly sorry!

Springfield & Gr G36: It was incredibly rude of me.

Springfield: Hm?

Gr G36: I did not understand how you worked, yet I presumed to give you a lecture that you certainly did not deserve.

Gr G36: Now I'm terribly ashamed for letting things get so out of hand.

Gr G36: ...Er, you were saying?

Springfield: ...Um, I should be the one to apologize, Miss Gr G36.

Springfield: I must admit that I was arrogant towards you right from the beginning.

Springfield: But now I know I was blinded by prejudice.

Springfield: Both your competence and work ethics are worthy of praise.

Springfield: I must say it's actually kind of intimidating...

Springfield: That you would judge me to be your equal.

Gr G36: ...It's just a matter of perseverance and stubbornness.

Springfield: Well, I could never learn to be that stubborn, so are you saying I'm incompetent, Miss Gr G36?

Gr G36: —No, not at all!

Springfield: (Chuckles)

Gr G36: I mean...I am simply familiar with my routine...

Springfield: While I also simply happen to have a knack for noticing how people feel.

Springfield: Is that what you're trying to say, Miss Gr G36?

Gr G36: ...Ugh!

Gr G36: Were you expecting this?

Springfield: ...Pffft.

Springfield: You're adorable when you're flustered.

Gr G36: I'm sorry. I should never have agreed to something so childish and pointless.

Springfield: Oh yes, we've both been silly.

Springfield: ...You are you and I am me...

Springfield: So why should we be someone whom we're not?

Gr G36: Still, I still have a lot to learn. I hope you can give me more pointers.

Springfield: Same here... Ah, I see a few unfamiliar entries on the menu.

Gr G36: Those are...!

Springfield: Don't worry.

Springfield: I think this is good. Let's start from here.

Springfield: Don't you agree, Miss Gr G36?

Springfield: If we work together, we can do better.

Gr G36: ...I understand.

Springfield: Then...would you give me a hand?

Gr G36: I would be happy to.
Part 10: Salted Watermelon

    10chevron_right

MDR: Woohoo! Once again, I'm the first customer— uwaaaahhh!

Gr G36: ...Welcome.

Springfield: Welcome, MDR.

Springfield: Do you see anything interesting?

MDR: What do you mean interesting... This sort of thing is bad for my heart!

MDR: How come both of you are here today? Is there going to be a party tonight or something?

Springfield: That is an excellent idea, but today is just a normal day.

Springfield: Will it be the usual? We have a special menu today. Personally, I would recommend less sugar in the coffee.

MDR: A special menu?

MDR: ...Whoa! It's twice as long as usual!

MDR: Black Forest cake, tiramisu... Can you really make such trendy stuff, Miss Springfield?

Gr G36: ...I'll be making them.

MDR: What—

Gr G36: ...Is there a problem with that?

MDR: Homemade cake - by Miss Gr G36?!

MDR: Wait a sec, I need to blog this!

MDR: I KNEW something good would happen if I came early every day!

MDR: Is it a limited item or something? It's gotta be, right?

MDR: In any case, I'll take 50!

Gr G36: ...No, they are not limited.

Gr G36: Even if they were, I would not allow you to make such unfair purchases. Surely you weren't thinking of flipping them, were you?

MDR: (Gulps)

Gr G36: Make your order, please.

MDR: Okie...

Gr G36 calmly hands her the menu, then smoothly switches places with Springfield and moves in front of the stove.

Springfield looks at Gr G36, her lips twitching into a smile .

Springfield: See? Nobody has a problem with you.

Gr G36: ...I wasn't worried about that.

Gr G36: Please don't make fun of me.

Springfield: Hehe. sorry, I'm just too excited. ♪

Springfield: Even a barista would get motivated at the thought of being able to serve up exquisite snacks.

Gr G36: Setting your expectations too high will merely give your pâtissierre unnecessary stress, you know.

Springfield: So I shouldn't look forward to your masterpiece?

Gr G36: ...You may.

Springfield: Then I shall.

Gr G36 shakes her head in resignation. Springfield winks to her before smoothly segueing into a conversation with MDR about the interesting events which took place in Griffin yesterday.

As Gr G36 continues working in silence, the area behind her slowly becomes noisier and livelier.

XM8: Whoa!

XM8: This cake is awesome!

Gr G36: Please don't make a ruckus, dear customer.

Gr G36: You'll disturb the others.

Gr G36c: Mmm...! Miss Springfield's coffee is as good as ever...

Gr G36c: But when combined with your desserts, it's on a whole new level.

Springfield: (Chuckles) I know, right? I think so too.

Springfield: It seems Miss Gr G36 and I really do make a good team.

Kalina: Yo~

Springfield: Ah, Miss Kalina, your health...

Kalina: I have been revived! Thank you for your concern, Miss Springfield.

Kalina: Huh? Miss Gr G36 is here too?

Gr G36: What would you like?

Kalina: Haha, anything will do. I'll go with Miss Springfield's recommendation!

Kalina: I believe in you!

Springfield: Thank you for placing your trust in me. In that case, I would recommend Miss Gr G36's tiramisu with black tea or coffee. Both would go well with the dessert.

Kalina: I'll go for that, then!

Springfield: Alright. One moment, please~

Springfield takes the order slip, then turns toward the bar counter.

Gr G36: ...

Springfield: Hm? Miss Gr G36?

Springfield: Why are you spacing out?

Gr G36: No, I was just thinking...

Gr G36: Everyone trusts you, Miss Springfield.

Gr G36: I can't elicit that kind of trust from others.

Springfield: I trust you though, Miss Gr G36.

Gr G36: You know that's not what I mean.

Springfield: Hm... I think it's because you've always got an air of cool efficiency about you.

Springfield: I'm sure everyone would warm up to you if you could be a little friendlier.

Gr G36: But how should I do that?

Springfield blinks as she watches Gr G36 agonize over the question. After a pause, she suddenly steps up right in front of Gr G36.

Gr G36: ...Miss Springfield?

Springfield smiles tenderly, her face just inches away from Gr G36's.

Then, not a second too soon, she steps back to a more usual distance.

Springfield: For starters, try smiling like me.

Gr G36: (Exhales)

Gr G36: ...I can't.

Springfield: I'm sure you can.

Doll A: Miss Springfield—

Springfield: Coming~

Springfield turns around.

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: ...How can I ever smile like you?

Gr G36: ...After all, your smile is one of a kind.

XM8: ...Holy.

Ka-click.

Gr G36c: ...Shhhh.

By the time the two of them look back up, Gr G36 is back to normal.

XM8: You DO know she'll kill you if she finds out, right?

Gr G36c: ...I'll send you a copy.

XM8: Deal!

And so, another quiet day passes at the café today.

...