8pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. At the Café.

Having received a notice from Kalina, the T-Dolls are all gathered at the Café with great anticipation.

At the sight of such excitement, the Commander looks a little uneasy standing next to Kalina.

Commander: Kalin, are you sure this is going to be okay? I just have a feeling that...

Kalina: Of course it'll be fine! I've planned out the whole thing, so just leave it all to me.

Kalina: I swear everyone will definitely get what they want for Christmas this year, heheh...

Commander: Really...

Kalina's crafty smile only serves to exacerbate the Commander's concern.

Kalina: Then let's begin!

The lights dim and the projection screen descends to reveal the rules of this year's Christmas event.

As the Dolls whoop and cheer, Kalina raises the Christmas Coin in her hand.

Kalina: This is the key of this year's Christmas event—the Christmas Coin!

Kalina: On the right side is a Christmas tree, while the name of the owner is etched on the other side—for example, my name is on this coin here.

Kalina: You have until 8pm on Christmas Day to give your coin to the person you are the most thankful for. We will tally everyone's coins and whoever gets the most will be the winner.

Kalina: This winner will be given an opportunity to make a wish, which will be granted by the Commander.

Kalina: The wish must be within the realm of reason, obviously. Don't make wishes like "getting paid without having to work" or "keeping a few elephants in your dorm"...

Kalina is still explaining the rules, but her voice is already drowned out by the uproar.

SAA: I want...!

SAA: 100 tons of Cola!!!

Type 64: Don't even think about it, 56. The Christmas Coin isn't edible!

Type 92: Say it again! Who are you giving yours to?!

AAT-52: I-I'm giving mine to STEN! And STEN will also give me hers!

STEN MkII: Stop fighting! Also, I've already given mine to Makarov...

Commander: ...

Even in the limited space of the Café, the Dolls have managed to cause an all-out brawl.

The sound of cursing, arguing, and fighting comes crashing over the Commander like an angry wave. The Commander closes their eyes in seeming pain.

Kalina turns the lights back on, but that has no effect on stopping the commotion.

Kalina: Wait! I'm not finished yet!

Kalina: Commander~ ♪

Commander: What now, Kalina?

Kalina's voice is amplified by a microphone. The simple mention of the Commander finally does the job.

The Commander turns to look at Kalina, who is holding out a Christmas Coin with a cheeky grin.

Kalina: This is your Christmas Coin, Commander.

Commander: Oh, thanks.

Kalina: By the way...

Kalina: Who are you planning to give it to?

The Café is instantly engulfed in a deathly silence. The riling waters have been soothed, and even the air itself seems to have grown still.

The Commander feels scorching gazes boring holes all over them.

They take a nervous gulp and reply in a quivering voice...

Commander: Uh... I haven't...

Gr MK23: Of course you'll be giving to me, right? Darling! ☆

K-PDW: Don't be so presumptuous! Honey's Christmas Coin is for me, of course! ❤

Gr MK23: That's ridiculous! Darling, tell us, who are you giving your coin to?

Commander: Uh...
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: Actually, I'm giving it to—
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Actually, I'm giving it to—
If choice 3 was picked

Commander: Actually, I'm giving it to—

Kalina: Huh? Are you giving your answer already?!

Kalina: That's no fun at all! Let's keep this a secret until Christmas Day!

Commander: ...No, wait!

Gr MK23: No matter how long the delay, Darling's Christmas Coin will still be mine for sure!

K-PDW: I already know Honey's feelings. It's okay, I don't mind waiting.

Kalina: Hush... Commander, keep the lid on the surprise for just a little longer.

IDW: Wow, the Commander's Christmas Coin, nya... I want it too, nya!

SPAS-12: If I don't get the Commander's coin, I'll binge-eat until the food stores are empty to soothe my heartbreak...

PA-15: Gotta think of a way to get the Commander's coin~ ♪

Commander: ...

Under the constant burning stares, the Commander's stress level skyrockets.

To get out of this dire situation, the Commander pretends not to see anything and makes a beeline for the exit.

Commander: I've still got work to do. You guys have fun.

A pair of gentle hands cup themselves around the Commander's hand.

Gd DSR-50: You look a little tired. Why don't I give you a massage to help you relax? It'll only cost you one Christmas Coin...

Saiga-12: Ahem, Commander. If you're willing to part with your Christmas Coin, I'll give you my personal photo album.

Commander: N-No thanks!

Inspired by Gd DSR-50's and Saiga-12's hustling, more and more Dolls hop on the bandwagon...

The menacing crowd closes in on the terrified Commander.

Commander: STAY AWAY FROM MEEEEE!!!!
And so, with the Commander's desperate scream and sprint, the celebrations for this year's Christmas officially begin.

8pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas.

After the Commander's hasty retreat, the T-Dolls form a queue to collect their own Christmas Coins from Kalina.

Kalina: ...Make sure you keep your coin safe, okay? Everyone only gets one!

Kalina: Give it to someone you're thankful for. If you just give it away without thought, you might regret it afterwards...

M21 opens her trembling hand and studies the Christmas Coin that bears her name lying quietly in her palm.

M21: Just this one Christmas Coin...

M21: If I can get M14's...that means...

M14: M21, we want to give this Christmas Coin to you!

M21: Can I really take it?

M14: Yeah! You are the one we're the most thankful for, and you're the one who means the most to us!

M21: M14... You're also...

The two Dolls grip each other's hands tightly, trying to convey their feelings to each other...

A hand smacking M21's face lightly rouses her from her fantasy.

M14: Why were you spacing out?

M21: I was...coming up with some new jokes...

M21: What about you? Why are you staring at your Christmas Coin?

M14: We're just wondering why everyone is making such a big deal out of this simple little coin.

M21: ...Well, the festive season has probably gotten to their heads.

M21 eyes M14's coin as it lies in M14's palm, languidly...enticingly...

M21: M14, who are you planning to give yours to?

M14: Eh, whoever. It's just a coin.

M14: You know we never care much about these events.

M14: What about you, M21?

M21: I...I don't really care either.

M21: Who would want to put so much thought into giving away this coin, hahaha...

M21 laughs sheepishly. Suddenly, she feels a tap on her shoulder, but when she turns to look, nobody is there.

M21: Gee, M9, you're such a one-trick pony!

M9: Heheh, give me your Christmas Coin, M21!

M21: No way!

M9: Humph, stingy!

M9 skips around M21 and hugs M14.

M9: M14, you're the best!

M14: What is it now?

M9: Give me your Christmas Coin!

M14: Hm, sure.

M21: What... Hold on a sec!

M14: What's wrong, M21?

M9: You're not fighting with me over the coin, are you?!

M21: As if! I'm not that childish...

M9: Then give it here already, M14!

M14: Alright, catch!

Under M21's anxious gaze, M14's Christmas Coin draws a perfect parabola in the air.

Time seems to slow down, and M21's eyes register every spin of the Christmas Coin in free fall.

Heads, tails, good, evil...

M9: Yay! The tails side with M14's name on it!

As M9 proudly reveals the result of the "coin flip", an evil plan slowly hatches within M21's neural cloud.

8.30pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas.

M9 hums and skips along to the beat as she travels through the woods.

M21 follows quietly behind her, a gunny sack held in her quivering hands.

M21: I'm sorry, M9. It's your fault for going after M14's Christmas Coin...

M21: I've sworn to myself that I'll obtain her coin...whatever the cost!

M21: But don't worry, at least I picked red—your favorite color—for the gunny sack...

M21 takes a few deep breaths... Then M9, who has suddenly got a gunny sack stuffed over her head, lets out a startled scream that pierces through the night.

M9: Who are you?! Who has the nerve to stuff a sack over my head?! I'm the most popular Doll at Griffin! My fans will doxx you!

M21: ...

M21 presses M9's head down with one hand and fishes M14's Christmas Coin out of her pocket with the other.

M21: M9... Forgive me...

M21: I will take a bullet for you on our next mission!

M9: Show yourself, jerk!

M21 buries her conscience as she tightens the ties of the gunny sack on M9's head and flees the crime scene without a backward glance...

9pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. At the lively Café.

Once M21 has M14's Christmas Coin, she rushes back to the Café, walks up to M14 and nonchalantly slips the coin back into her pocket.

M14: Oh, M21, where did you run off to?

M21: Nowhere in particular. I just...took a walk.

M21 looks away guiltily, and a familiar T-Doll just so happens to have walked over.

M1911: Good evening, has either of you seen Darling?

M14: Nope, the Commander has apparently disappeared for good after escaping from the Café.

M21: The Commander sure has it rough...

M1911: What a shame. I was hoping Darling's Christmas Coin would be the first I receive...

M1911: In this case, why don't you guys give me yours?

M21: Not in a million years!

M14: Sorry, but I've already given mine to—

M14 smiles apologetically as she pats her pocket to demonstrate its emptiness.

But much to her surprise, her fingers feel a round bulk through the fabric.

M14: Huh?! Why is it back in my pocket?!

M1911: Oh my, this must be fate!

M1911: Then I'll gladly accept! Thanks, M14! ♪

M21: Hold on!

Before M21 can stop her, M1911 has already run off merrily with M14's Christmas Coin in her grasp.

M21 comes up with a random excuse to leave the Café and goes after her with a blue gunny sack in hand and another bruise on her conscience...

9.45pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. At the lively Café.

Having retrieved the Christmas Coin once again, M21 returns to M14 and slips it back into M14's pocket.

M14: What took you so long in the restroom?

M21: You know how much all the girls care about their appearance... Everyone's trying to get in there to refresh their makeup...

M14: You're right. It's getting late. Why don't we head back to the dorm?

M21: Sure.

M21 lets out a long sigh of relief. But just as they are about to leave, a tall figure blocks their path.

Thompson: Hey, kids! Merry Christmas!

M14: Captain!

M21: Wow, are these presents for us?

Thompson: Yep, everybody gets one.

Thompson: Oh right, have you seen M9 and M1911? I've been looking for them the whole evening but no luck.

M21: Uh... Maybe they went running after the Commander...

M14: We can hand these to them for you, but there are two more days till Christmas, so what's the rush?

Thompson: I'll be off on a mission first thing tomorrow morning and I definitely won't make it back by Christmas Day.

Thompson: So yeah, if you could please give them the presents for me.

M21: You're gone for so long...

M14: Then we must give you something in return right now!

Thompson: Haha, don't sweat it.

M14: No, we insist!

M14 anxiously pats herself up and down until a small, round bulk catches her attention again.

M14: Huh?!!! Why is it back again?!

M14: Holy crap! This coin... It's haunting me!

M14: M21, you see it too, right...?

M21: M14... Let's leave this subject till—

Thompson: M14's Christmas Coin? That would make a nice gift.

M14: Not so fast, Cap! This coin is cursed!

M21: That's right! W-What if it causes you trouble?!

Ignoring M14's protests and M21's attempt to intervene, Thompson snatches the Christmas Coin out of M14's hand politely but adamantly.

Thompson: What trouble can this tiny coin bring me?

M21: Uh... Well...

Thompson: It won't make me lose my way in the woods at night, will it?

There seems to be some kind of subtext in Thompson's pointed grin, but it's gone before M21 can decipher it.

M14: Cap... We'll give you something else!

Thompson: Thanks, M14, but this coin is what I want. See ya.

M21: Captain!

M14: But...

Thompson bids them farewell in her usual debonair manner and leaves the Café.

M21 watches helplessly as M14's Christmas Coin once again gets taken beyond her reach. Her neural cloud is on the verge of an overload.

M14: What should we do, M21? Captain took the cursed Christmas Coin...

M14: I can't get in touch with M9 or M1911 either. What am I supposed to do?

M14: ...M21? What's the matter with you, M21?

M21: I...I'm fine...

The heartbroken M21 forces a dreadful smile.

10.30pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. In the woods near the base.

Finding herself in the same old place for the third time, M21 hides expertly behind a tree with yet another gunny sack.

She can hear Thompson's steady footsteps not far away, but she can't help but feel a bit nervous at the thought of attacking her own team leader.

M21: Oh Captain... Why did you have to take M14's Christmas Coin?!

M21: I've worked so hard... I abducted M9 and M1911... And now I need to get rid of you too...

She confirms Thompson's location one last time and lets out a long sigh.

M21: Why don't you understand...M14...?

M21: Your Christmas Coin belongs to ME!

After adjusting her grip on the gunny sack, she times her approach carefully and darts out from behind the tree.

But instead of Thompson, she is greeted with...

An open gunny sack.

M21: Ah! I can't see a thing!

M21: Let me go! Where are you taking me?!

M21: Help! I'm being kidnapped!!!

When the gunny sack is lifted off her head, M21 finds herself tied up in the depot.

Seated right in front of her is Thompson, who is toying with the purple gunny sack that almost ended up going over her head.

Thompson: M21, why would you need a gunny sack if you wanted to talk to me?

M21: I...I was looking for something...

Thompson: Looking for something?

Thompson: Is this what you were looking for? This purple gunny sack...

M1911: Or perhaps this blue one?

M1911 strolls out holding the gunny sack that M21 put over her head.

At the sight of the blue sack, M21's hands start trembling.

M21: I...I heard there were Christmas Coins to be found in the woods...

M9: Oh, so you were looking for Christmas Coins?

M9 has appeared behind M21, showing off a Christmas Coin in front of her.

It glistens under the lights, and the simple etching reads, "M14".

M21: ...

M21: M14's Christmas Coin!

M9: No way! You went to all that trouble just to get M14's coin?

M1911: I'd have never pegged you as such a hopeless romantic! Aren't you full of surprises!

M21: I'm...not! I would never do something so stupid!

M21: I can't admit it, or I'll be the biggest joke of the year!

Thompson: No?

M21: O-Of course not! I was just taking a walk and hoping to come across some coins...

Thompson: I see. Then we won't have to worry about upsetting anyone when we do what we must with M14's Christmas Coin.

M1911: Yep, makes our job much easier!

M9: Heheh!

M21: What are you planning to do with it?

As the three Dolls grin nefariously in unison, a chill runs up M21's spine.

Thompson: Why do you care?

M21: I...don't...

M21: Do whatever you want...

M1911: That's right, this is none of your business!

M9: I wonder what it tastes like...

M9 cranes her neck and lowers the coin into her open mouth little by little.

The closer M14's Christmas Coin is to the abyss, the more fidgety M21 becomes.

M21: Hey, hey, hey, stop it!

M21: Are you sure this is a good idea...?

M1911: You got a problem with this?

The coin has reached the height of M9's nose and is getting closer and closer to her maws...

M21: Stop it!

Thompson: Finally telling the truth?

M21: I...I've been telling the truth the whole time...

Thompson: Continue, M9.

The small Christmas Coin has all but disappeared into M9's mouth.

M21: Alright! I'll tell you everything!!!

Thompson: Good. Thank you, M9.

M21 deflates after Thompson is finished with the interrogation.

M21: I didn't want to do anything bad... I'm sorry, M9, M1911... I didn't want to hurt you...

M21: I just want M14's Christmas Coin...

M1911: Then why don't you just tell her?

M21: If I did that, I would just be asking for it!

M21: And even if M14 did give it to me, it wouldn't be from her heart...

Thompson: So you'd rather watch her coin end up in someone else's hands time after time?

M21: ...

Thompson: When it comes to certain things, unless you say it out loud, the other person won't be able to tell.

Thompson: This isn't about the difference between being given something with and without having to ask for it. You're just making excuses for being too embarrassed to talk about your feelings.

M1911: Look at me. I also want Darling's Christmas Coin, and I'm not afraid to admit it! I won't scheme behind their back to get it!

M21: Yeah... I'm sorry...

Thompson: I'll let you have M14's coin and keep this whole thing a secret.

M21: Captain!

Thompson: On one condition—

Thompson: You must tell M14 how you actually feel.

M21: I understand...

Thompson: Alright, stop fooling around, M9. Give the coin back.

After a long silence, M9 turns around reluctantly with her face flushed in an angry shade of red.

M9: (Wheezes and gags)

M21: HEY! SHE SWALLOWED IT!!!

11.30pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. In the quiet dormitories.

By the time M21 returns to the dorm, M14 is already fast asleep.

M21: Phew... Good thing I didn't wake you...

M21 puts the Christmas Coin down on M14's bedside table lightly before crawling into bed, completely exhausted.

M21: That was more tiring than carrying out a mission...

M21: Thank goodness Cap let me off the hook in the end...

M21 turns on her other side and sighs as she stares at M14's profile.

M21: M14...

M21: Maybe I've really been doing it all wrong...

Drowsiness sweeps over M21 and her eyelids grow heavy.

But memories of the evening keep buzzing inside her head...

M21's eyes suddenly snap wide open in the dark.

M21: That's right! I must learn to open my heart and express my feelings!

M21: I'm telling M14 tomorrow that I want her Christmas Coin!

I'm telling her the moment she wakes up!

December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the dormitories.

M14 arouses from her sleep and drowsily puts on the Christmas outfit she laid out last night.

M21: You're awake, M14.

M14: Hm, M21, you're up early.

M14: But you're not looking too energetic.

M21: Ahaha, I didn't get much sleep, probably because I got too excited about the event today.

M21: C'mon, M21, spit it out! You've already spent a whole night thinking about what to say!

M21 fiddles with her tousled hair and looks away bashfully.

M14 follows her gaze and her attention is caught by something reflecting the sunlight on her bedside table...

M14: Isn't that...

M14: Our Christmas Coin?!

M21: Wow, you're right!

M14: This coin just won't leave us alone... We've already given it away many times!

M21: Maybe it simply hasn't found the right person...

M14: This is really creepy, M21! The coin is totally cursed!

M14: We must find a way to get rid of it for good...

M21: Uh... I actually think it's kinda cute...

M14: So scary so scary so scary...

M14's restless pacing is making M21 nervous...

M14: Help us think! We must get rid of this cursed Christmas Coin!

M21: Then...why don't you...

M21 musters her courage. She walks up to M14 and mumbles with trembling lips.

M21: M14, please give your Christmas Coin to—

BANG! The door is flung open and two gaudily dressed Dolls stride in.

Px4 Storm: Merry Christmas, girls!

CAWS: Good morning, I'm CAWS, and this suspiciously friendly person is Px4.

Px4 Storm: Don't worry, we aren't bad guys. We're Santa Claus, here to give out presents!

M21: Dammit... Why now?!

M14: Hello, we haven't met before, have we?

Px4 Storm: Nope, but I'm sensing an instant connection here even though it's the first time we've met!

Px4 Storm: It's as if...we're sisters!

M21: Hey, don't claim familial ties where there's none!

M21: No, something feels off about this one!

CAWS: Please accept our gifts.

M14: Why, thank you! You guys want to have a seat?

Px4 Storm: No, we're just here to distribute gifts and spread the joy.

Px4 Storm: Though it'd be great if we can receive something in return, of course!

Px4 Storm: After all, our motto is "share joy to gain joy!"

CAWS: That's right, we give each other something so that everyone feels joyful!

CAWS: If you don't have anything prepared, just a small coin will do.

M21: I knew it! They're totally hustling for Christmas Coins!

M21: M14 won't fall for such a shoddy sham, will she...?

M14: That makes sense...

M14 looks around and her gaze soon falls on that Christmas Coin...

M21: No, M14! Gather your wits!

M14: It's okay, M21. It's just a coin.

M14: You can have our Christmas Coin. Merry Christmas!

Px4 Storm: Woohoo! Thanks!

CAWS: Thank you for your support.

Px4 Storm: We'll let you get on with your day, then. Ciao~ ♪

Px4 Storm and CAWS prance out of the dorm, leaving behind a petrified M21 and a joyous M14.

M14: How marvelous! This was the first time we've received a Christmas present from complete strangers!

M14: But is it horrid of us to give them my cursed coin...?

M21: ...Hahaha, yeah, no.

M14: What's the matter with you, M21?

M21: I...

She can't let them get away with it. M21's neural cloud is whirring away.

M21: I also want a gift... I'll chase after them and ask for one...

M14: Sure. Thank them again for us!

M21 drifts out of the dorm absent-mindedly...

M21 follows closely behind Px4 Storm and CAWS with more gunny sacks in hand.

Under her watchful gaze, they walk into each dorm and extort Christmas Coins from T-Dolls using different negotiation strategies.

M21: They don't seem to be targeting any T-Doll in particular. They're just casting a net to trawl in whatever fish they can...

M21: Looks like they're trying to win the Christmas event and get their wish granted by the Commander...

M21: But they must have spent a lot of money to buy that many presents. Is it even worth it?

Px4 Storm: Thanks guys! Love ya! ♪

Px4 Storm and CAWS leave the current dorm and move onto their next target.

A present slides out of the giant sack on CAWS' back.

M21: That's my chance!

M21 darts out nimbly, ready to pick up the present that has fallen onto the floor.

But just as her hand is about reach the gift, a foot comes out of nowhere and steps right onto M21's hand.

M21: Ow!

Suomi: Oh!

Suomi lifts her foot hurriedly.

Suomi: Where the hell did you come from?!

M21: I... Where the hell did YOU come from?!

M21 picks up the present and starts kneading the hand that just got stepped on.

Suomi: ...

Suomi: Sorry, I didn't mean to do that.

M21: It's okay... It was kinda my fault for charging out all of a sudden...

M21 gives a perfunctory reply as her anxious gaze flits past Suomi in search of the "Santa Claus" duo.

M21: Well, I'll be off then.

Suomi: Hold on, M21!

Suomi grabs M21's hand and shoves a small memory stick into her palm.

Suomi: I know we've barely talked, but I want—

M21: What's this?

Suomi: It's a memory stick with a song.

Suomi: Play it to someone you care about. It'll help express your feelings for them.

M21: ...Someone I care about? Express my feelings? What's this got to do with me?!

M21 almost jumps out of her skin when Suomi seems to have read her mind.

M21: Why are you suddenly giving me a present? You're not asking for something in return, are you?

Suomi: Christmas is almost here; this will definitely come in useful.

Suomi: I don't need anything in return. Think of it as an apology for stepping on your foot.

M21: ...

M21: Will M14 really understand I want her Christmas Coin if I let her listen to this?

By the time M21 returns from her thoughts, Suomi is already nowhere to be seen.

M21: ...Thank you, Suomi.

M21: ...

M21: Alright... Back to business!

M21 shoves the memory stick hastily into her pocket and unwraps the present she's picked up...

Which contains a single rusty spoon, the kind that can be found anywhere in a junkyard.

M21: I see. Giving out worthless "presents" to scam Dolls out of their Christmas Coins, eh...?

M21: These shameless dirtbags! I've gotta think of a way to get back M14's coin and punish them while I'm at it!

M21: Then, when I finally pop my question to M14, she'll...

M14: M21, thank you so much! If it hadn't been for you, our Christmas Coin would've been lost...

M14: And we wouldn't have realized who truly deserves our coin...

M21: Ahahahahaha, you're very welcome, M14...

M14: Please take our Christmas Coin!

M21: Hahahaha... I think I'm laughing a bit prematurely.

M21's face flicker rapidly through a series of expressions as her imagination takes flight.

M21: Oh right, Miss Kalina said yesterday that we could report any incidents to the supervising group...

M21: I remember the contact details are listed in the event email... Hm, it's FP-6!

M21 calls FP-6 on her communicator right away.

M21: Hey, is this FP-6? I would like to make an urgent report...

...With the intervention of the supervising group and a few helpful Dolls, Px4 Storm and CAWS, the suspected cheaters of the event are soon apprehended.

Unfortunately, only half of the Christmas Coins they have hustled can be found.

Upon receiving a notice from the supervising group, M14 heads over to the depot to look for her Christmas Coin while M21 waits in the hallway impatiently.

M21: Hurry up and find your coin, M14!

M21: I've figured out how to broach the subject...

The gate to the depot is making a noise.

M21 mentally shakes herself. This is the signal of the gates being opened.

She swivels around and yells without hesitation—

M21: M14, please give me your Christmas Coin!

Helian: Hm?

The only one standing behind the gates is a very bemused Helian with a tablet that she has hastily hidden behind her back.

Helian: Are you alright, M21?

M21: Ahahahaha... I'm fine...

Helian walks off, still looking very confused. M21 exhales.

Whoosh! The depot gates open once again. This time, it's M14.

M21: M14! Please—

M14: It's not there, M21... Looks like our Christmas Coin is in the missing pile...

M21: What?! How can that be?!

M21: I'll help you find it!

M14: It's fine, M21. It's nothing important anyway.

M21: But!

M14: More importantly, we've got a job to do.

M14: Don't you remember? We're supposed to help M9 and M1911 clean up the Christmas fireworks venue.

M21: I know... But...

M14: C'mon, be a good girl and let's go help.

M14: M9 has been hurrying us.

Being dragged along by M14's warm hand makes M21 swallow everything she's going to say.

M21: I'll complete the task first. Then I'll find another chance to bring this up!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

7pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the hallway.

Under the joint effort of four T-Dolls, the venue is cleaned up very quickly, and M14 and M21 are soon on their way back to the dorm.

After staring at the back of M14's head for a long time, M21 finally decides to speak up.

M21: M14, let me go back and try to find your Christmas Coin.

M14: You seem to care a lot about the coin.

M21: N-Not really, it doesn't bother me that much either...

M21: But I hate that you've been scammed...

M14: Heheh, thank you M21.

M14: But we really couldn't care less about the coin.

M14: Even without it, we can still have a happy Christmas, isn't that right?

M21: Ahahaha, that's certainly true...

M14 smiles impishly and skips ahead.

M21 stands rooted to the spot, a bitter smile still frozen on her face.

M21: Why?! I've been trying so hard!

Thompson: Tell M14 how you actually feel.

M21: But I can't! I just can't bring myself to say it out loud!

M21: What do I have to do to make you aware of how I feel, M14?!

M21 starts freaking out. She tears out anything she can find in her pockets and chucks them all out of the window angrily.

Her own Christmas Coin, the memory stick from Suomi, Christmas ornaments...

She tosses them all out, as if that would help shake off her woes.

M14: M21? Where are you?

M14: Aren't you coming?

M21: Oh, I'm coming!

At the sound of M14's call, M21 regains her composure and jogs along to catch up.

...Meanwhile, on the snow-covered ground just outside the window.

Helian, who has recently vacated the depot, is now huddling here, staring intensely at her tablet while chewing nervously on her thumbnail. She is clearly in a huge dilemma.

On the glaring screen is a chat window showing the most recent messages.

Blind Date Match No. 72: Can I come and visit you at your workplace?

Blind Date Match No. 72: Please don't get me wrong. I'm just curious about the place that you've dedicated your life to.

Blind Date Match No. 72: But if that's too much of an inconvenience, forget I asked.

Helian has already got a reply typed out, waiting to be sent.

Helian: It's certainly not a problem. It is also my wish that we can get to know each other better.

But for some reason, she still can't bring herself to send it.

Helian: What should I do?! I have never met anyone at a blind date whom I'm happy to meet a second time...

Helian: This is uncharted territory! I'll have no idea what to talk about at all!

Helian: But I've finally met someone who actually seems interested in me...

Helian's finger hovers shakily over the "send" button, but she retracts it quickly.

Helian: No, no, no! I can't do it!

Whoosh! A noise comes overhead.

Then...with a few clatters...

A bunch of random knick-knacks land all over Helian—a coin, a memory stick, some Christmas ornaments...

Helian: Who's throwing things out of a window from above? This is against the—

Helian suddenly realizes that the accident has caused her finger to slip...and she ended up pressing "send"...

Helian: Oh no! Cancel!

Blind Date Match No. 72: That's great! I happen to be in the area. Let's meet half an hour from now?

But it's already too late.

Helian groans and smashes the tablet against her forehead again and again. When she finally stops, she notices the memory stick among the fallen objects. The etching on it reads...

"Dreams Come True".

"For Expressing Your Feelings."
Helian: D-Don't be ridiculous! I have no feelings to express!

How do you make your feelings known?

People who are very far apart ask this question a lot. It seems to be one of the biggest problems in long-distance relationships.

However, this problem isn't any less relevant even for relationship where physical distance is not an obstacle.

8pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. In the lively Café.

Suomi is sitting alone on a sofa in the corner. Confetti scattered from above lands all over her bunny-eared headband and in her coffee.

The Commander has been chased off to who-knows-where; looks like she won't be able to give her present to the Commander tonight.

She puts down her coffee and scans the crowd with feigned nonchalance, but the other Doll she's been hoping to see isn't here...

She turns to the window and studies the water condensed on the cold glass while squeezing the Christmas Coin in her pocket thoughtfully.

Suomi: ...

...On the same sofa, at a weekend game night several months ago.

Among the teams of two players, Suomi, who was taking on the challenge on her own, stood out.

At that moment, she was sitting snugly on the sofa while gripping her controller tightly, trying to look as if the game was a piece of cake.

However, she knew very well that she was backed to a corner.

Suomi: If I last through this wave of attacks, I'll be able to make it to the next supply point.

Suomi: Once my ammo is replenished, these monsters won't be an issue at all!

The character on the monitor is expertly running and dodging among a group of monsters, but her health bar is clearly plummeting.

At last, the character dies amid the monsters after being ambushed by another wave of mobs hiding around the corner...

Suomi: So close! I almost made it! The supply point was just ahead!

Am RFB: Hey, I'm Am RFB. Sorry for showing up late!

Am RFB: Everyone else is all paired up and you're the only one left. Let's team up!

Suomi: I don't need a—

Am RFB: You're at this part already? You're pretty good for making it so far all on your own.

Am RFB: But you can't just force your way through this bit.

Before Suomi can protest, Am RFB has already picked up the other controller and joined the game with her own character.

Am RFB: C'mon then, time's running short.

Suomi: ...I don't play support.

Am RFB: That's fine. You can be the damage dealer and I'll play support!

The Theory of Team Composition! Am RFB's reply made Suomi do a mental double take.

It's a theory that Suomi had come up with herself. In a two-player game, if the other person offers you the role of the damage dealer, they would very possibly become a very good friend of yours.

But Suomi was not a particularly expressive person, so all she did was nod calmly.

Suomi: Okay.

Am RFB: Then let's begin!

With Am RFB's timely heals and buffs, they breezed through all the stages and got their rewards.

Suomi: We...won! RF—

Suomi wanted to share the triumphant moment with Am RFB, but when she turned around, Am RFB had already put down her controller and wandered off.

Ever since then, Suomi has been very eager to share her Theory of Team Composition with Am RFB, but she never got the chance.

Seeing no sign of Am RFB, Suomi sighs in disappointment and looks away from the crowd.

That's when she notices Kalina, who has sat down across the table and is now looking at her with amusement.

Suomi: ...Miss Kalina?

Kalina: What are you thinking about, Suomi? You look troubled.

Suomi: It's nothing special.

Kalina: You like to mull things over, don't you?

Suomi: Is that a bad thing?

Kalina: Certainly not, but being paralyzed by thoughts IS a bad thing, because opportunities will just keep slipping away.

Suomi: I don't understand.

Kalina chuckles and pushes three glasses of alcoholic beverages towards Suomi.

Kalina: Why not try leaping before you think?

Suomi: It sounds like you're encouraging me to make mistakes.

Kalina: No, no, no, I'm encouraging you to actively pursue something that you don't have the courage to admit you want. Don't you want to break free from what's holding you back?

Am RFB's profile as she's concentrating on keeping her alive during their fight against the monsters comes to mind.

Suomi: ...So what should I do?

Kalina: First of all, drink up and switch off all rational thinking.

Suomi studies the three cocktails sitting in front of her. They are all "Tender Wood", a recipe Springfield has created just for Christmas.

But the dark maroon does not feel at all tender to Suomi, not to mention there are three glasses.

Suomi: ...

Suomi: You underestimate me, Miss Kalina.

Kalina: Oh?

Suomi: My alcohol tolerance is legendary. I have never gotten drunk since I was rolled out from the Factory. Not even once.

Suomi proceeds to knock back all three Tender Woods as Kalina smiles cryptically.

That is the last thing she remembers that evening.

Around 2pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In Suomi's dorm.

When Suomi finally regains consciousness, she finds herself lying underneath her warm comforter.

Her Christmas Coin is lying on top of her bedside table.

Suomi: ...

Suomi: What happened...last night?

She sits up in a daze and her fingers brush against something soft.

It's a bunch of long, brown hair.

The person to which the hair is attached is currently fast asleep next to Suomi.

Suomi climbs out of bed calmly and scoots onto the chair.

Suomi: ...

Suomi: Aaaaaaaah!

Suomi: What the heck happened?! Why is there a girl in my bed?!

Suomi: Who the hell is she? Is she still alive...?

Suomi: What on earth did I do last night?!

After a few deep breaths, she calls Kalina.

Suomi: Miss Kalina, what exactly happened last night?

Kalina: Last night? After you got completely smashed, you climbed onto the bar table and started singing. Then I had someone carry you back to your dorm.

Suomi: What did I sing— Doesn't matter. Who's this girl lying in my bed?

Kalina: There's a girl in your bed?! Oh my god, you're right! Who is she?

Suomi: ...

Suomi: Nevermind. Bye, Miss Kalina.

Kalina: Please tell me when you find out who—

Suomi terminates the call and stares helplessly at the stranger in her bed.

Her face is obscured by her soft long hair, and Suomi does not want to risk waking her up by sweeping her hair away.

Suomi: My memory of last night hasn't been processed probably due to the influence of alcohol.

Suomi: But it should still be stored within my neural cloud...

10pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. In Suomi's dorm.

Kalina and FP-6 hauled Suomi back to her room and tucked her into bed.

Kalina: Thanks, FP-6. I don't know how I'd get her here all by myself.

FP-6: No problem, Miss Kalina.

FP-6: Still, I never thought Miss Suomi could be so wild...

Kalina: Haha, it doesn't hurt to let loose every now and then. Being tense all the time is not good for anyone.

Kalina: Oh right, come with me for a bit. The Commander has a secret mission for you...

Kalina's and FP-6's voices gradually drifted into the distance, until the night was peaceful and silent once again.

In the dark, Suomi sat up with her eyes still closed and flicked the switch on her speakers with practiced ease.

Click.

Powerful music started blaring, and Suomi's eyes snapped open.

System: Rational mode – off. Game mode – on.

Suomi: THIS IS THE NIGHT...OF HEAVY METAL!!!

Suomi grabbed her speakers and with a maniacal cackle, she kicked open the door and left her dorm.

10.30pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. In the empty and quiet Café.

Upon learning from passers-by that Am RFB had been spotted in the Café, Suomi tore into the shop like a hurricane, startling all the patrons. Springfield walked up to her, looking rather concerned.

System: Event triggered – Springfield's assist.

Springfield: Suomi, I thought Miss Kalina had you brought back to your dorm?

Suomi: Three Tender Woods.

Springfield: Are you sure about that?

Suomi pointed towards Am RFB and TMP, who were playing video games in the corner.

Springfield: I see.

Springfield walked behind the bar with an enigmatic smile while Suomi stumbled over to the corner.

She started picking up the muffled conversation between the two gaming Dolls.

Am RFB: What's wrong with you? I thought we were gonna do some dungeons together tonight...

TMP: ...I just asked if my team leader would be able to make it back for Christmas, but K2 said it didn't seem likely.

TMP: AEK and the others are also away on missions, so I'll be spending Christmas alone this year...

Am RFB: But that's perfect, isn't it? No one will disturb you while you game!

Am RFB: We can go on a killing spree!

TMP: No...it's not perfect at all... I miss them a lot...

TMP: I want to give them some kind of gift...

System: You just received a quest from two NPCs.

Suomi: Requesting conversation.

Am RFB: Hey, Suomi! Haven't seen you in a while!

TMP: Hello, Miss Suomi...

Suomi: Are you two happy?

Am RFB: TMP is feeling a little down...

TMP: Hm...

System: Please select your answer.

Suomi: No, I forbid you to be unhappy.

Suomi switched on her portable speakers, which started blasting music with a strong, pulsing beat.

Am RFB: Wow! Such powerful music...

TMP: This...this is so cool...

Suomi: And now?

TMP: I-I feel much better...

System: Congratulations. You have improved your relationship with the NPCs.

Knock knock. Springfield rapped her knuckle against a nearby table to announce her approach.

Springfield: Here are your Tender Woods.

Am RFB: We didn't order them.

Springfield: Suomi did.

TMP: Thank you, Miss Suomi.

Springfield: Please enjoy.

Springfield put down the three glasses and walked away.

Suomi: Drink.

TMP: I...I can't really hold my liquor...

Am RFB: Same here.

Suomi raised an eyebrow and turned on her speakers again.

Am RFB: Alright, I'll drink!

TMP: I'll also...

Under the combined force of the deafening music and Suomi's threatening gaze, Am RFB and TMP have no choice but to drink their Tender Woods.

Am RFB: ...Well that just knocked out a chunk out of my health bar.

TMP: Ugh... I feel dizzy...

TMP's face slammed right onto the table.

Am RFB: Hahaha, you're such a lightweight.

Then Am RFB collapsed as well.

System: Congratulations! You have successfully overcome the two NPCs.

System: You have unlocked a new phase of the quest.

Knock knock. Springfield came over with a glass of warm water.

Springfield: Do you need any help?

Suomi: Yeah.

Suomi downed her own Tender Wood in one go.

Suomi: I want these two as takeaway.

Suomi starts awake as she plays back her memories and is incredulous about her behavior last night.

Suomi: Was that...actually me?

Suomi: What the heck was I doing?! Did I catch some kind of virus?!

Suomi: So this girl sleeping in my bed must be...

Suomi: ...R-RFB?

Suomi reaches toward the long brown hair with a trembling hand...

Just then, she feels something tugging at her dress from under the table.

Am RFB: ...Suomi, can I please have some water?

Suomi: RFB?!

Suomi: Wait, if RFB is under the table, then the one in my bed is...

Am RFB shuffles out from beneath the table and gives a big stretch.

Suomi: What were you doing underneath my table? And who's this brunette in my bed?!

Am RFB: Oh, my gaming console was running out of battery.

Am RFB: And that's TMP. You insisted that she put on a brown wig and cosplay me 'cause you apparently needed two of me to win the group battle. Don't you remember?

Suomi: ...

Suomi can almost hear the sound of her dignity shattering.

Am RFB: Actually, TMP is also a very decent gamer. You'll know next time we play together.

Am RFB: Ah, perfect timing. You're awake, TMP?

TMP: Miss Suomi, can I take this off...?

Suomi: Please do! I only did whatever I did because I was drunk—

Am RFB: Then do you still remember offering to help last night?

TMP: You said you would help me as long as I agreed to wear the wig...

Suomi: I... What? Hold on, what promises did I make?

Suomi: My memory isn't entirely up-to-date...

Am RFB: You agreed to join our squad and help TMP convey her feelings to K2 and the others.

Am RFB: Simply put, we're on an item-crafting and escort quest!

Suomi: ...

TMP: After hearing the song you played us last night, I'm convinced that you're the only one who can help...

TMP: That is exactly what I wish to convey to K2 and my teammates!

Am RFB: Please help, Suomi!

Suomi studies Am RFB's still sleepy face.

For a moment, she was reminded of that evening when Am RFB sat down casually next to her and invited herself to the game.

Suomi: Okay.

And just like that day, Suomi gives the exact same answer.

4pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. At the banquet hall.

Suomi, Am RFB, and TMP arrive at the banquet hall and start double-checking their song selection and finding the right way of packaging it.

Suomi: ...So we need a song that can convey TMP's feelings, and once we have it, we'll deliver it to her teammates, correct?

TMP: Yep! I've already got an idea! The song that you played on your speakers last night...

TMP: "Once upon a night we'll wake to the carnival of life..."

Suomi: ...

Am RFB: You were cool as heck when you came marching in with that BGM!

TMP: "On this mountain on the final frontier, we curse the dark!"

Suomi: ...Right, I know which song you're talking about.

Suomi: First of all, let's confirm this is the one.

Suomi uploads the song to the music system of the banquet hall.

Griffin Music: User recognized – Suomi. Welcome to Griffin Music. Your request has been received. Now playing...

Rambunctious music comes crashing in like a wave.

Suomi: This should be the one. How do you feel?

Am RFB: Woohoo! I can feel my blood boiling!

TMP: I'm sure AEK and the others will love it!

Am RFB: Everybody put your hands up!

Suomi: Huh? Wait—

Am RFB grabs Suomi and TMP by the hand and the trio starts whirling around in a frenzy.

Their euphoria surges on and on through their linked arms, seemingly without end...

Suomi secretly hopes that time would stop and this moment would last forever...

All of a sudden, the music stops.

TMP: Listen, I have an idea about how I give them this gift!

TMP: It will be boring if I just share a link of the song. I have a few portable memory storage devices.

TMP: The storage capacity is pretty small and the tech is outdated so they're very cheap, but it's more than enough for storing a song.

Am RFB: I see what you mean! Imagine receiving a mysterious memory stick! What could be inside...?

Suomi: Have you tried it?

TMP: Yep! I just made one!

TMP hands a memory stick to Suomi.

It looks plain and simple, yet the fervent sentiment it carries is palpable.

Suomi makes sure that the music plays successfully through the memory stick. It's just a simple step, but the corners of her lips curl up in excitement.

Am RFB: A memory stick it is! It's so small and convenient – perfect for playing the song!

Suomi: Next we need to pack it up...

Am RFB: Hey, TMP, isn't this memory stick among the junk you got the last time we went to the flea market?

TMP: Don't call it junk, Miss RFB. That's really mean...

Suomi: ...

Suomi: So RFB and TMP have been to the flea market together...

Suomi grips the memory stick tightly in her hand as she tries to suppress the envy in her neural cloud.

Am RFB: Sorry, I was just kidding. You want my Christmas Coin as an apology?

Am RFB: Maybe the game arcade we visit regularly will take this coin as a game token.

TMP: Huh?

A realization strikes Suomi like lightning.

She smashes the play button on Griffin Music and cranks the volume all the way to the max.

Suomi: Enough with the nonsense! This is meant to be a happy day! Let us appreciate this music!

Am RFB: Hahaha, you're right!

TMP: Yeah!

The three Dolls are once again rocking to the music. Suomi appears to be immersed in the maelstrom of heavy metal just like the others, but her mind is actually calm as a pond.

In that brief moment of epiphany, she realizes that not only does she want to give her Christmas Coin to Am RFB, she also wants Am RFB's coin.

Suomi: ...Nothing is that simple.

Suomi: If I want to get RFB's Christmas Coin, I need to create an opportunity where I can be alone with her, which means I will have to get TMP out of the picture.

Suomi feels TMP's hand holding hers tightly.

Suomi: Fortunately, TMP has no desire to compete with me, so she will probably leave once I help make her wish come true...

Suomi: Then I'll get to be alone with RFB. As for how exactly I'm going to obtain her coin...

When Suomi is deep in thought, Am RFB leans in close and shouts in her ear.

Am RFB: SUOMI! I HAVE AN IDEA!

Suomi: WHAT IDEA?

Am RFB: WE SHOULD SHARE THIS JOY!

Am RFB: NOT JUST WITH TMP'S TEAMMATES! BUT WITH EVERYONE AT THE BASE!

Am RFB: LET'S MAKE EVERYONE HERE AS HAPPY AS WE ARE!

TMP: OOOOOH!

Suomi's eyes also widen in anticipation.

Am RFB: ALSO, WE MUST WIN THE CONTEST!

Am RFB: THEN WE CAN REQUEST FOR OUR BELOVED HEAVY METAL PLAYLIST TO BE PLAYED ON LOOP AT THE BASE FOR AN ENTIRE YEAR!!!

TMP: OOOOHHHHH!

The three Dolls all cheer at their ambitious plan, even Suomi has temporarily forgotten about her personal troubles and joined in the rave.

None of them notices a T-Doll wearing a pair of protective earmuffs entering the banquet hall cautiously.

100 Shiki: Attention! You have been surrounded!

100 Shiki issues a verbal warning to the three Dolls on the stage, but her voice is completely drowned out by the thunderous music.

100 Shiki: GUYS!!! AHEM... LISTEN HERE!

100 Shiki: Forget it. Griffin Music, off!

The music halts all of a sudden, leaving the three Dolls standing in a daze on the stage.

100 Shiki: I am 100 Shiki from the supervising group. We have received a lot of complaints about the noise you've been producing, which is 10 times above the maximum allowance!

Suomi: Noise?! How could you call that "noise"?!

Am RFB: 100 Shiki, there must be some kind of misunderstanding.

Am RFB: We're just playing music that can spread happiness...

100 Shiki: In any case, you are now forbidden from using the multi-media system in the banquet hall!

Am RFB: C'mon, 100 Shiki! Can't you make an exception?

100 Shiki: I'm sorry... FP-6 gave me this task. I cannot betray her trust...

100 Shiki: Please vacate the banquet hall now.

Suomi: ...

Suomi stares at the red "off-limits" tape that's been put around the multi-media system and looks a little dejected.

But the sight of Am RFB trying her best to persuade 100 Shiki to revoke the ban gives her some courage.

Suomi: The song and the storage device are both sorted, all that's left...

Suomi: ...is just the promotional strategy. We can only achieve victory with something truly creative...

100 Shiki: ...I'm very sorry, but I will not back down on this matter.

100 Shiki: FP-6 brought me onto her team and handed me an important task; I promised I wouldn't let her down.

With the memory stick held tightly in hand, Suomi walks up to 100 Shiki.

Suomi: Miss 100 Shiki, I completely understand your decision.

Am RFB: Huh? Suomi?

Suomi: I've also promised someone that I'd help complete her mission, so I know exactly how you feel.

100 Shiki: Thank you for your understanding, Miss Suomi.

Suomi: Please take this.

Suomi gives the memory stick to 100 Shiki.

100 Shiki: What's this?

Suomi: Feelings are hard to convey unless the other person has had similar or even the same experience.

Suomi: So we must express our feelings using different methods and through different media.

Suomi: There is a song in here. Give it to FP-6. I know she will understand how you feel when she hears it.

100 Shiki: ...

Suomi: This magic only works during Christmas.

100 Shiki's eyes widen in surprise. Suomi can find similarities to herself in them.

100 Shiki: Thank you, Miss Suomi.

After giving Suomi a grateful bow, 100 Shiki exits the banquet hall.

Am RFB: Is that how we're packaging the present then?

Suomi: This method was effective even on the person who was here to chastise us. It should work.

TMP: We even have our tag line...

TMP: Convey your feelings.

TMP ponders the idea for a while and finally etches these tiny words on the memory stick—

Dreams Come True.

Am RFB: Well, my dear friends, we have prepared everything for our plan.

TMP: The item, the packaging, the promotion...

Suomi: We can begin for real...

索米: Oh, perkele.

Am RFB: What's wrong?

Suomi: I forgot to ask 100 Shiki for her Christmas Coin... A missed opportunity to test the market...

Am RFB: ...

TMP: ...

Am RFB: That's fine! No biggie at all; it doesn't affect the implementation of our plan.

Am RFB: Let's go, my friends! For Christmas Coins!

Suomi: For spreading our feelings to every corner of the base.

TMP: Off we go!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Around 4pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the hallway.

Following Suomi's promotional strategy, the three Dolls have successfully exchanged a few memory sticks for Christmas Coins.

However, as time goes on, the magic of "Dreams Come True" has gradually lost its effect...

TMP: Um... Here's a Christmas gift...

Am RFB: It can help you convey your feelings to someone you care about!

Suomi: Please take this memory stick.

Upon hearing their promotional spiel, the Doll they're talking to keeps her Christmas Coin securely in her pocket and dashes off without a backward glance.

TMP: Don't go...

Am RFB: This is strange. It was working perfectly, so how come people now seem so repulsed by this...?

Suomi: ...

Their stockpile of memory sticks grow heavy.

Suomi: Let's take a break and adjust our strategy.

4.30pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the hallway.

The three Dolls move over to a quiet corner and start deliberating over a new strategy.

TMP: I don't understand... What were we doing wrong?

Am RFB: I think our skill combo was perfect!

Suomi recalls the last Doll's look of terror and has a bad feeling.

Suomi: ...

Suomi: Perhaps we aren't really the problem.

Am RFB: So what IS the problem?

TMP: Miss Suomi... I just came across MDR's newest post on Grifchan. Apparently, a group of T-Dolls have adopted the same strategy...

Am RFB: What?!

Suomi: "A few Dolls have been giving out a lot of presents in exchange for Christmas Coins today, but after the recipients opened their gifts, they all complained about being scammed..."

Am RFB: But this has nothing to do with us...

TMP: We aren't scamming people...

Suomi: So what's this all about?

Beep. All three Dolls receive a mail notification at the same time.

It's a notice from Helian.

Helian: Attention, all Griffin employees, a few unauthorized data storage devices have been discovered around the base.

Helian: The content of these devices is known to cause discomfort and even distress, so as per the "Regulations on Media Equipment Management in Griffin Bases", they are now banned pro tem.

Helian: If you have received such a storage device, please hand it in at the depot immediately. Thank you for your cooperation.

TMP: Ugh... She-she's talking about our memory sticks!

Am RFB: But we didn't do anything bad!

Suomi: ...Let me try to get in touch with Miss Helian.

Suomi: If this doesn't work out, I'll have no more excuse to be with RFB...

Suomi: And I'll be back to square one...

Suomi tries to enter Helian's contact details, but her shaking hand is making it difficult.

Just then, a familiar voice interrupts her.

???: Why, isn't this Suomi? Long time no see.

Suomi looks up and is greeted with a despicable smiling face.

Px4 Storm: Hey, chill. You can stop staring daggers at me.

Px4 Storm: We're just passing by and giving out little gifts.

CAWS: Hello, please accept our present.

Suomi is offered a beautifully wrapped gift.

TMP: Don't tell me you're the ones they're talking about on Grifchan...

Am RFB: The ones who are asking for Christmas Coins in exchange for presents...

Px4 Storm: Have we gone viral already? That's splendid. Saves us a lot of explaining.

Px4 Storm: Happiness is doubled only when we share it with each other. If our present makes you feel happy, please give us a little something in return.

Px4 Storm: If you don't have anything prepared...

CAWS: Hold on, don't you sense something strange in the air?

Suomi's slender body is shaking with rage.

Suomi: ...

Suomi: You again, Px4.

Px4 Storm: Huh?

Suomi: Impersonation... Diversions... These are your usual tricks.

Suomi: You're behind that notice, aren't you?!

Px4 Storm: What notice?

Suomi: You reprobate! Your unscrupulousness knows no bounds when it comes to profits!

The narrow hallway is almost consumed by Suomi's wrath.

She intends to settle the score here, once and for all.

A month ago, in the snowy mountains about 50km from the Griffin base, a Griffin team was on an expedition.

Suomi's muzzle was trained directly on Px4 Storm. The murderous rage on her face was made even deadlier by the frost.

Suomi: ...Px4 Storm, I'm warning you one last time.

Suomi: Stop passing your Dummy off as yourself while you wander off to gather materials. Not only are you endangering yourself, you are also jeopardizing our mission. We kept having to go off-course and venture into dangerous areas just to search for you.

Px4 Storm: I'm sorry, Suomi. Now can you please lower your gun?

FP-6: I know you have connections with the black market and are on the lookout for things you can sell at a premium price.

FP-6: But right now you are on a mission with us. Please have some consideration for the safety of the entire team, or you will pay for your transgressions.

Px4 Storm: Alright, alright, no problem. ♪

FP-6: Suomi, put away your weapon.

Suomi finally lowered her gun. But CAWS noticed that Px4 Storm still had the same look on her face.

That blasé, devil-may-care smirk.

FP-6: We should get back on track.

FP-6: Suomi, please scout ahead. The rest of you keep up; don't fall too far behind!

Suomi: Roger.

Suomi consulted her GPS and walked ahead of the rest of the team, while FP-6 performed her duty as the leader and confirmed all her team members' location and status.

Sensing CAWS' curious gaze, Px4 Storm walked up to her.

Px4 Storm: Relax, newbie. Everyone is usually very nice.

Px4 Storm: They're only so angry with me because I broke the rules. As long as you keep being a good girl and play by the book, you'll be fine.

CAWS: I thought Griffin T-Dolls are all super loyal to their teammates.

Px4 Storm: Haha, that's why I'm a deviant. Bad things often happen to Dolls that partner with me.

CAWS: ...

FP-6: Px4 Storm, your place is in the middle of the line.

FP-6 appeared next to Px4 Storm and coldly forced her and CAWS apart.

Px4 Storm: Gotcha, Cap'n!

After making sure that Px4 Storm was back where she should be, FP-6 turned toward CAWS.

FP-6: CAWS, this is your first expedition, so it is my duty as the team leader to remind you.

FP-6: Px4 Storm is a perfectly good fighter, but her obsession with money often causes her to do reckless things that can endanger her teammates.

FP-6: Don't be fooled by her apparent friendliness. Stay vigilant.

CAWS: Understood.

After FP-6 had walked off, CAWS once again found herself staring at Px4 Storm, who returned her gaze with a smirk.

The same nonchalant smirk.

Just like the one she's giving the enraged Suomi right now.

4.45pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the hallway.

Suomi's furious shout echoes down the hallway. CAWS looks at Px4 Storm, who gives her a reassuring smile.

Suomi: You reprobate! Your unscrupulousness knows no bounds when it comes to profits!

In the face of Suomi's explosive wrath, Px4 Storm is surprisingly calm.

Px4 Storm: Hm... I honestly have no idea what you're talking about, Suomi.

Px4 Storm: What notice? What tricks? Do you mind explaining what you mean?

Suomi: Explain?! What more explanation do you need?!

Seeing that Suomi is absolutely livid, CAWS decides to defuse the situation first.

CAWS: Miss Suomi, there might be some misunderstanding here. Why don't we sit down and...

Suomi: You were also there on the expedition, so why are you letting her play you like a fiddle?!

CAWS: ...

CAWS suddenly remembers FP-6's warning from a month ago.

That expedition ended with an unexpected avalanche on their route. Everyone lost their memory between the time they were rebooted in the Factory and when the avalanche happened—except for Px4 Storm.

However, Px4 Storm doesn't seem to have any intention of telling the rest of them what exactly happened during that time.

There has been a lot of speculation about how she only sought help after gathering heaps of materials for sale...

CAWS looks at Px4 Storm again, but unlike her usual flippant self, she seems to be rather serious.

Px4 Storm: Suomi, can't you calm down for a moment...

Suomi: Calm down?! How am I supposed to calm down?! My friends and I have been working so hard all day and our effort is wasted, all because of you!

Px4 Storm: I've honestly never seen this memory stick before. I just checked my mailbox and saw Miss Helian's notice.

Px4 Storm: But I really have nothing to do with this. I've been very busy giving out presents with my partner the whole day...

CAWS: I can vouch for that.

Suomi: ...

Am RFB: Suomi, there isn't any actual evidence that proves it was their doing...

The tension in the air is finally starting to dissipate.

CAWS: Now why don't we sit down and talk this out—

FP-6: Attention, Dolls in the hallway! Hands in the air! You're under arrest!

100 Shiki: You're under arrest!

The shouts come through megaphones from the two opposite ends of the hallway, The Dolls caught in between look alarmed.

Am RFB: What?! Maybe we should run...

TMP: Are they arresting us?!

Suomi: Why do we have to run? We did nothing wrong.

Suomi seems completely fearless at the sudden warning.

Px4 Storm whispers into CAWS' ear.

Px4 Storm: CAWS, get ready.

CAWS: Ready? Ready for what?

FP-6 and 100 Shiki proceed to close in on them from both ends of the hallway.

Am RFB: We...we didn't do anything!

FP-6: Not you.

FP-6's sharp gaze brushes across Suomi's group and lands squarely on Px4 Storm.

FP-6: It's been a while, Px4 Storm.

Px4 Storm: About a month, actually.

100 Shiki: You have been extorting Christmas Coins from Dolls by giving out cheap and low-quality gifts. You have violated Article 7 of the Event Regulations...

Px4 Storm: Now.

CAWS: Hm?

Px4 Storm takes off running and forces her way past 100 Shiki.

CAWS is still trying to wrap her ahead around what's happening, but she instinctively follows Px4 Storm.

100 Shiki: Stop right there!

CAWS: Hey, you told me we'd just be giving out presents!

Px4 Storm: C'est la vie, eh? Things often go in unexpected directions.

While the two Dolls are sprinting for their lives, Px4 Storm looks back at CAWS and pokes her tongue out at her.

CAWS: ...

CAWS: This wasn't the plan you told me about last night!

8pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. In the busy Café.

Strangers brushed past CAWS one after the other. Once she had made sure nobody she knew was around, she looked down and couldn't help but smile to herself.

CAWS: ...If I can get enough Christmas Coins, the Commander will grant me a wish.

CAWS: My bonus this year can be doubled... Haha...

CAWS: But maybe doubling it is still too little. What about tripling it? Quintupling? Or what if...

A hand suddenly tapped CAWS on the shoulder.

Px4 Storm: Hey, I'm Px4 Storm.

Px4 Storm: It's been a while; you still have memory of me, don't you?

CAWS: ...

CAWS: I do remember you. We went on an expedition together.

Px4 Storm: Good, then I'll cut straight to the chase.

Px4 Storm: My dear CAWS, let's team up.

CAWS: I refuse.

Px4 Storm: I haven't even told you what we're teaming up for...

CAWS: From what I know about you, whatever you have in mind won't be reasonable at all, and it will most likely be super shady.

Px4 Storm: Heh... You know me well...

Px4 Storm: But what if I tell you I've got a plan that is guaranteed to help us win this contest?

CAWS: ...

CAWS's heart skipped a beat. This dangerous woman is also trying to win the event.

CAWS: Why me?

Px4 Storm: Because out of all the innocent Dolls I know here at the base, only you and I are birds of a feather.

Px4 Storm: Just admit it. Give up your stupid fantasies and concentrate on making money...

CAWS: I do want to make money, but not with you. Besides, this isn't a team competition to begin with, so I'll pass. Sorry.

Px4 Storm: Hey! Don't go!

CAWS slipped through the crowd swiftly.

However, Px4 Storm was unexpectedly skilled at hanging onto people.

Px4 Storm: Just hear me out, okay?

Px4 Storm: The reward for winning is so enticing, obviously a lot of Dolls will be gunning for it. You won't stand a chance if you go at it alone.

CAWS: Fair enough.

Px4 Storm: My plan is to give out presents in exchange for Christmas Coins.

Px4 Storm: Think about it. There are so many introverts here who aren't comfortable with socializing, and they'll only lock themselves up in their own dorms when it's Christmas.

Px4 Storm: Poor kids. Now imagine two lovely Santas knocking on their doors and giving them presents. That'll cheer them right up, and they'll be happy to give us their Christmas Coins, right?

CAWS: Hm, it is a decent idea.

Px4 Storm: So why are you quickening your pace?

CAWS: I'm just happy that you've come up with such a great idea. I'm sure you'll win.

Px4 Storm: That's right, I have it all planned out. All I'm missing is the right partner.

CAWS: Since you already have such a perfect plan, surely it can't be that difficult to find a partner?

Px4 Storm: ...

Px4 Storm lunged forward and grabbed CAWS by the shoulders.

CAWS: What are you doing?!

Px4 Storm: I'm sorry, CAWS, I lied.

Px4 Storm: Actually...you're the only one I can ask...

Px4 Storm: Everyone else is scared of me and won't even talk to me. Only you...

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: You must've noticed how much they all hate me while we were out on the expedition.

Px4 Storm: CAWS, you're the only one who would even talk to me.

CAWS: ...

At that moment, CAWS had no idea just how good an actress Px4 Storm was or how manipulative she could be.

She thought back to the blizzard they encountered on the expedition.

Before CAWS could say anything, Px4 Storm took her hand and elaborated on her scheme.

Px4 Storm: I need someone to help me lower people's guard so that they will let us inside and proceed with the plan.

Px4 Storm: Of course, I'll take care of all the presents.

Px4 Storm: All you need to do is knock on their doors for me.

CAWS: ...

CAWS: If that's all, I can do that.

Px4 Storm: Really?! That's fantastic! We'll definitely make the best team, CAWS!

Suomi and FP-6's warning was still echoing faintly in the back of CAWS' head.

CAWS: Hold on, how are we going to divide up our yield?

Px4 Storm: 50-50, obviously. Our partnership will end on the 24th.

Px4 Storm: Then we'll be on our own on Christmas Day, and may the best Doll win.

CAWS: That sounds fair.

Px4 Storm: Then welcome aboard! ♪

Px4 Storm flashed CAWS a genuine smile.

The same genuine smile that she gave to every innocent Doll when they opened their door.

4pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. Near the base.

Fireworks Fairy: ...I don't understand. So Christmas is a festival where people exchange gifts?

The Fireworks Fairy, who was in the middle of preparing for the Christmas fireworks show, took the gift offered by Px4 Storm, feeling confused.

Px4 Storm: That's not all. Legend has it, if you grant someone else's wish on Christmas Day, you'll get a wonderful surprise.

Fireworks Fairy: Really? What kind of surprise?

Px4 Storm: A surprise is a surprise because you don't know what it is.

Px4 Storm: As long as you have faith, it will happen one day.

Px4 Storm knelt before the Fireworks Fairy and patted her gently on the head like a...

Like a professional nanny Doll. CAWS couldn't help but speculate.

Fireworks Fairy: I see! I'll try to make someone's wish come true if I get the opportunity!

Px4 Storm: That's lovely! Good luck!

After taking the Fireworks Fairy's Christmas Coin, Px4 Storm and CAWS headed back to the base.

CAWS: You used to be a nanny?

Px4 Storm: Nope, my past is complicated and mysterious...

CAWS: But you seem very good with kids.

Px4 Storm: You'll have to pay extra if you want to learn about my past.

Px4 Storm smiled enigmatically and spoke no more on the subject.

5pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the hallway.

CAWS and Px4 Storm are taking refuge in the depot to elude capture.

CAWS: What were they talking about? Extorting Christmas Coins with cheap and low-quality gifts?

Px4 Storm: Oh, the presents we've been giving out were scraps I bought from the nearby flea market at a very low price.

CAWS: ...

CAWS: SO WE'RE SWINDLING?!

Px4 Storm: Hm... Does it count as swindling if it's just for Christmas Coins...?

CAWS: And you didn't tell me the whole time?!

Px4 Storm: Well, you never asked...

CAWS: You—

Px4 Storm covers CAWS' mouth with her hand just as the latter is about to chew her out.

Px4 Storm: Hush... We're on the same boat now and it's too late for you to get off.

CAWS: (Muffled speech)

Px4 Storm: Yeah, I know you're pissed, but why don't we focus on getting out of this tight spot first?

Px4 Storm: We are now trapped inside the depot and they can find us any second.

Px4 Storm: If they capture us and find all the Christmas Coins on us, we'll be caught red-handed.

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: You don't want to see our effort wasted, do you?

CAWS: Hm.

Px4 Storm: The two of us make too big a target. Let's split the coins and go our separate ways.

Px4 Storm: As long as we can shake them off and hide the Christmas Coins, they won't have any physical proof that can incriminate us.

Px4 Storm: Just going by the Dolls' testimonies and the junk won't make a very good case for them...

CAWS: Are you certain?

Px4 Storm: No, but we'll just have to risk it.

CAWS: ...

CAWS: When this is over, I'll settle the score with you.

Px4 Storm guffaws and gives CAWS a quick hug.

Px4 Storm: Thanks for being here with me always.

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: They're coming. I'll catch you later.

Cautious footsteps sound outside the depot. Px4 Storm takes half of the Christmas Coins and vaults over the window.

CAWS also flings herself out of the window on the other side just as the door is broken down.

FP-6: They're in here!

FP-6's shout is soon drowned out by the howling wind.

CAWS runs as if her life depended on it...

But not just because she wants to win the contest.

8.30pm, December 23—two more days till Christmas. In the busy Café.

Once they had come to an agreement, CAWS was visibly much more at ease in Px4 Storm's presence.

CAWS: ...So what really happened at the end of that expedition a month ago?

Px4 Storm: What do you mean?

CAWS: We all lost our memory after the avalanche, but according to the repair logs, you did not.

Px4 Storm: That's true, I didn't crash immediately.

CAWS: So what did you do? Scour the entire area for supplies?

Px4 Storm: You want to know?

Px4 Storm chuckled as she caressed the rim of her wine glass with a fingertip.

Px4 Storm: Let's have a wager.

Px4 Storm: If you win this contest, I'll tell you.

Px4 Storm: But if you lose...

CAWS: I'll have to tell you a secret instead?

Px4 Storm: You'll have to say "Merry Christmas" to your cute little sister 512.

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: Sorry, I looked you up without letting you know.

Px4 Storm: But you've got to admit that it's very important to know your teammates.

CAWS: Fine, I'll let that slide.

Px4 Storm: So, wanna bet?

CAWS: Sure, I won't pass up a chance to learn about the truth.

5.10pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the hallway.

CAWS tears down the hallway with all her might while her pursuers follow close behind.

CAWS: I won't lose, Px4 Storm.

CAWS: I will win the contest, get 10 times the bonus, and make you tell the truth.

CAWS: Just you wait.
Part 2

2

CAWS will be instantly captured if she touches other people. Please avoid the encirclement formed by the other Dolls.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

6pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the depot.

CAWS and Px4 Storm are seated next to each other on the floor.

Px4 Storm: ...Hey, didn't think I'd see you again so soon.

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: Oh, don't be like that... It's almost Christmas. At least give me a smile?

CAWS looks down at the ropes tied around herself and Px4 Storm and snorts helplessly.

Px4 Storm: Heh, that's better. Always gotta keep a smile on your face no matter what situation you find yourself in.

FP-6: This is an interrogation. Stop your little tête-à-tête.

FP-6 aims her desk lamp impatiently at Px4 Storm.

FP-6: We searched CAWS and found 37 Christmas Coins on her, not including her own.

FP-6: You've been busy hustling the whole day; surely you have more.

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: Wow, we got 37!

FP-6: Drop the act. Where have you hidden the rest of the coins?

Px4 Storm: I haven't, Officer. These are all the coins we have.

CAWS: What?! You...

Px4 Storm pinches CAWS' arm surreptitiously.

Px4 Storm: Miss 100 Shiki was chasing after me very diligently the whole time. You can doubt me, but surely you won't doubt your trusty partner?

100 Shiki: I...

FP-6: ...

The depot is as silent as a tomb.

Px4 Storm: If that's all, can we go now?

Px4 Storm: After all, you've already confiscated our loot. We broke the rules, but the event regulations don't mention anything about imprisonment.

FP-6: ...

FP-6: You may go.

CAWS stares in disbelief as FP-6 unties them both.

FP-6: We will return these 37 Christmas Coins to their owners, and we will keep searching for the rest.

FP-6: Contain your glee, Px4 Storm. You're both disqualified from taking part in the event.

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: Understood.

Px4 Storm drags CAWS to a quiet corner.

CAWS: What's going on? Where are the coins you took away?

Px4 Storm: What are you talking about?

CAWS: Playing dumb now, are we?

Px4 Storm: The Christmas Coins have been with you the whole time, haven't they?

CAWS: What?!

Px4 Storm: Our plan seems to have failed, but thank you for your hard work.

Px4 Storm: I'll be off then. ♪

CAWS: Not so fast!

CAWS grabs Px4 Storm by the collar of her coat.

Px4 Storm: What else do you want with me?

CAWS: Have you been using me all along then?

Px4 Storm: Using you? What an awful way of putting it. We've been having so much fun together.

CAWS: Ha! Fun?!

CAWS: I got disqualified all because of you! I lost the chance of doubling my bonus!

Px4 Storm: Well, same here. Happiness always comes at a price.

Px4 Storm's nonchalant smirk galls CAWS so much she punches Px4 Storm right in the abdomen.

She didn't put all her force behind that punch, but it's enough to send Px4 Storm lurching back several steps.

Px4 Storm: Are you mad?

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: Oh dear, and here I thought you were a smart investor, but turns out you don't even know the first thing about investing—there are risks.

CAWS: Take this, you racketeer.

CAWS unleashes all her pent-up rage on Px4 Storm...

...A few minutes later.

CAWS: Is this all you've got?

Px4 Storm: You can't win by focusing on just one thing.

Px4 Storm: Like when it comes to investments, you should never put all your eggs in one basket; that way you won't lose everything all at once...

Px4 Storm tightens the thick wrapping ribbon she has tied around CAWS.

CAWS: Untie me.

Px4 Storm: I'm sure you can get out of that in 10 minutes.

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: I didn't expect it to end like this…

Px4 Storm: What a pity, CAWS. I look forward to partnering with you again.

She shoves her own Christmas Coin into CAWS' pocket.

Px4 Storm: And I wish you an early Happy Christmas.

With her characteristic smirk, Px4 disappears down the hallway.

CAWS: ...

CAWS: You will pay for this, Px4 Storm.

CAWS grinds her teeth angrily, but another Doll's fury burns even brighter than hers.

Meanwhile, in the depot.

Slam! FP-6 punches the desk ferociously.

FP-6: She slipped right through my fingers... Px4 Storm, I will never forgive you...

100 Shiki: FP-6...

100 Shiki mumbles timidly behind the irate FP-6.

It would seem that a certain crime will forever remain a secret...

6.30pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the depot.

Ever since Px4 Storm and CAWS' release, FP-6 has been anxiously munching on chocolate. The constant chewing is starting to get on 100 Shiki's nerves.

100 Shiki: FP-6... What should we do now? Should we report this to the Commander?

FP-6: One second. Let me think this through. I must be missing something here.

With her brow tightly furrowed, FP-6 tries to figure out Px4 Storm's timeline again and again.

100 Shiki stares apprehensively at FP-6's face, constantly speculating what her colleague has deduced.

100 Shiki: It all...started off very well...

100 Shiki: How on earth did things turn into such a mess...?

100 Shiki sighs ruefully and watches as snowflakes drift down outside the window.

She turns on her visual filter, which transforms the snowflakes into cherry blossom petals dancing in a flurry through the December sky.

8am, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the Commander's office.

100 Shiki entered the command room with a progress report that was due on the day, but something seemed terribly wrong.

The Commander was nowhere to be found and the door to the room had been wrenched right off its hinges.

100 Shiki: ...Commander?

100 Shiki started carefully rummaging through the command room, which was lying in ruins.

???: Don't bother. The Commander has taken off running.

A blonde Doll walked in through the empty door frame.

100 Shiki: Miss FP-6!

100 Shiki did not expect she would run into FP-6 here.

100 Shiki: What happened here?

FP-6: The Commander called me here to assign me the task of supervising this Christmas event.

FP-6: But the other Dolls must've found out the Commander's whereabouts and those who have their eyes on the Commander's Christmas Coin came charging in while we were in the middle of our conversation...

FP-6: You see what they did to the room.

100 Shiki: Is the Commander...okay...?

FP-6: Don't worry, they ran faster than a bullet could fly.

100 Shiki: That's good to hear.

100 Shiki: It's such a rare coincidence that I ran into Miss FP-6. Maybe I should chat with her for a little longer?

100 Shiki: But...what should we talk about...?

100 Shiki hesitated for a moment. She just wanted to engage FP-6 in some small talk, but she couldn't bring herself to say anything.

100 Shiki: Who am I kidding... I guess I should just forget it...

100 Shiki: Right, I'll be off—

FP-6: Miss 100 Shiki, do you have any more work scheduled for today?

100 Shiki: ...No.

FP-6: May I invite you to join me on my mission?

100 Shiki: Huh?

100 Shiki: Did I hear her right...?

100 Shiki: Miss FP-6...wants me to be her partner for this mission?

An important and urgent mission issued by the Commander in person.

The person-in-charge, FP-6, had chosen 100 Shiki of all people as her partner.

100 Shiki felt the immense weight of this responsibility, and at the same time, she was almost incredulous about the trust that FP-6 had in her.

100 Shiki: Do you really think I can do this?

FP-6: Certainly. You'll do just fine.

FP-6: But first of all, please drop the honorifics.

100 Shiki: Okay, FP-6...

FP-6: Good. Now let's go deal with our unruly "criminals".

FP-6 clapped 100 Shiki on the shoulder to show that she has faith in her.

And thus the supervising group was established.

6.45pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the depot.

FP-6, who has been silent for a long time, suddenly speaks.

FP-6: 100 Shiki, we've been so busy I never stopped to ask you, but did anything unusual happen while you were operating on your own?

100 Shiki: Not at all, everyone has been quite cooperative...

FP-6: They were cooperative right off the bat?

100 Shiki: Yes...

FP-6 shifts her gaze to the very beginning of the timeline, which is drawn on a board. 100 Shiki suddenly realizes that FP-6 isn't actually asking if she has run into any difficulty; she is prodding for deception.

100 Shiki: She has started to suspect me after all...

100 Shiki: She cares a lot about this mission, after all. She seems very eager to win a wish by making special contribution to the event...

FP-6: Tell me everything. Start from the very beginning.

100 Shiki: R-Right...

100 Shiki bites her lip nervously and begins her recollection.

4.15pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the hallway.

The supervising group soon received the first complaint from a well-meaning Doll.

FP-6: Hello, this is FP-6 of the supervising group. How can I help you?

MDR: HOLY MOLY! DO YOU HEAR THIS?

FP-6: Hear what?

MDR: HOLD ON, LET ME GET A BIT CLOSER.

MDR moved her communicator forward with a pained expression on her face...

Deafening music came blasting through the speaker right away.

FP-6: ...I estimate the noise level to be at 120 decibel on your end.

100 Shiki: This is well beyond the noise allowance at the base. Should we go and put a stop to it?

FP-6: MDR, where are you right now?

MDR: WHAT?! YOU NEED TO SPEAK UP!

FP-6: ...

FP-6: I see the door behind her. It's the banquet hall.

FP-6: Let's go, 100 Shiki.

100 Shiki: You can just leave this to me!

Eager to prove herself useful, 100 Shiki decided to take on this task alone.

FP-6: Are you sure?

100 Shiki: Yeah! You have other stuff to handle, right?

FP-6: That's true. Then if you'd please.

After saying goodbye, the two Doll parted ways and went in opposite directions.

7pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the depot.

100 Shiki: I entered the banquet hall and shut off Griffin Music, then I asked Suomi and her friends to leave...

FP-6: What were they doing, making such a ruckus?

100 Shiki: I believe they were picking a song to give to some friends as a Christmas gift...

FP-6: They agreed to leave after you asked them to?

100 Shiki: Yes, Miss Suomi backed down...and they all left...

FP-6: Just like that?

100 Shiki: Yeah...

100 Shiki slips her hand secretly into her pocket and squeezes the memory stick that Suomi has given her.

Suomi: This magic only works during Christmas.

100 Shiki: Miss Helian has banned all these memory sticks...

100 Shiki: If FP-6 finds out I have one, she'll definitely make me hand it in, but...

100 Shiki: I really want to test...if the magic actually works...

FP-6: I see. Then it was the incident with Px4 Storm.

100 Shiki detects FP-6's steely tone when talking about this particular Doll.

4.30pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the hallway.

Once 100 Shiki had sorted out the noise in the banquet hall, she received a call from FP-6.

FP-6: 100 Shiki, are you done over there?

100 Shiki: Yep, all done!

FP-6: There's a new task and I could use your help.

FP-6: M21, please continue.

M21: I would like to report Px4 Storm and CAWS' crime!

100 Shiki: Px4 Storm...and CAWS?

M21: I don't know where they found a bunch of literal junk but they're giving it out as presents.

M21: Then they exploit the other Dolls' joy of receiving a gift and ask them for their Christmas Coin!

M21: The nerve! Scamming people out of their Christmas Coin!

M21: Don't they know how much those Coins mean?! These are Christmas Coins we're talking about!

FP-6: Stop. Please get back to the subject and tell me more about the extortion.

M21: While they weren't paying attention, I took one of their presents.

M21: Look! Look at this! You can find this kind of stuff in any junkyard near the base!

The fuming M21 holds up a rusty spoon in front of the camera on her communicator.

As she has said, it's a spoon that even a Doll who is on the verge of starving to death wouldn't use.

100 Shiki: ...How could they do that?

M21: Exactly! They're actually cheating people out of their Christmas Coins by giving them garbage in return!

M21: This is emotional blackmail! A huge scam!

FP-6: Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We will handle this matter right away.

M21: They're in the hallway at the dorms right now! Come quickly!

FP-6: Don't worry, we will definitely not let them get away with this.

FP-6: 100 Shiki, head to the dorms immediately and meet me there. We have two criminals to catch.

100 Shiki: Roger that! I'm coming right now!

7.15pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the depot.

FP-6: When we arrived at the scene, Px4 Storm and CAWS started running away and decided to split up.

FP-6: You went after Px4 Storm while I pursued CAWS.

FP-6: If Px4 Storm had to hide her Christmas Coin stash, that would be her opportunity…

100 Shiki: I'm sorry...

FP-6: No, I'm not putting the blame on you.

100 Shiki: When they ran off in different directions, I volunteered to go after Px4 Storm...

100 Shiki: I'm sorry I messed it up...

FP-6: ...

FP-6 doesn't reply. Instead, she keeps staring at the timeline and the floor plan of the dorms and ponders the possibilities in silence.

FP-6: I think we'll have to retrace your steps...

100 Shiki: What...?

FP-6: It's fine, 100 Shiki. By the way, have you tallied your points today?

100 Shiki: I haven't.

FP-6: Don't forget to do that. The Commander said that we'd get one point for each task we complete, and one point equals one Christmas Coin.

FP-6: This is the only way we can participate in the Christmas event.

100 Shiki: Okay...

100 Shiki: She really wants to win. I must be deadweight to her...

FP-6: Thank you for everything you've done today.

100 Shiki: Don't mention it...

100 Shiki hesitates for a moment, as if she wants to say something, but in the end, she just lowers her head and leaves the depot.

100 Shiki: She suspects me... She said she'd have to retrace my steps...

100 Shiki: Did she figure out something...?

100 Shiki turns around anxiously and thinks about FP-6 as she gazes at the heavy gates of the depot.

100 Shiki: I'm sorry... FP-6...

Meanwhile, in the depot, FP-6 is pacing restlessly back and forth.

FP-6: Argh, what a drag. My lovely Christmas holiday went down the drain because of a mission that came out of nowhere.

FP-6: One task for one Christmas Coin? Bah, I should've just asked for a bonus then and there!

Her gaze falls onto the floor plan, on which 100 Shiki has drawn the route she took.

FP-6: I randomly dragged 100 Shiki into this to give me a hand, but she's surprisingly dependable. Then just as I thought this wasn't so bad, we ran into Px4 Storm...

FP-6: I can't report this outcome to the Commander at all! It's unacceptable!

She makes a copy of the floor plan with 100 Shiki's route.

FP-6: I'll follow 100 Shiki's route to fine-tune the investigation report.

FP-6: Hopefully the Commander will find it satisfactory...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

8pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. Near the base.

FP-6: ...Hm, according to the floor plan, this is where Px4 Storm was captured.

FP-6: Good, my report is complete. Let me polish it a bit and I'll submit it to the Commander.

FP-6: As for the business with Px4 Storm, I'll do my own investigation later. I suppose I won't have to report this private matter to the Commander...

FP-6 smiles confidently to herself.

Meanwhile, 100 Shiki trails far behind FP-6 surreptitiously as she follows the floor plan all the way to the tree.

FP-6 lingers for a long time by the tree, seemingly deep in thought.

100 Shiki: Hm... Has she spotted the freshly disturbed dirt...?

100 Shiki: If FP-6 finds out about the truth, will she hate me?

100 Shiki: That'd be awful! It took me so long to finally start talking to her...

100 Shiki: Argh, I really shouldn't have listened to Px4 Storm...

100 Shiki gazes at the tree from afar, tormented by endless regret.

5pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. In the depot.

Once 100 Shiki and FP-6 had pinpointed their suspects, they broke through the gates and entered the depot, only to witness Px4 Storm and CAWS' escape through the windows.

FP-6: They're in here!

100 Shiki: FP-6, they're splitting up!

Seeing that Px4 Storm had already taken off running outside the depot, 100 Shiki was anxious to give chase.

100 Shiki: I'll go after Px4 Storm!

FP-6: Wait, 100 Shiki—

FP-6's unfinished sentence was swept away by a gust of wind.

Having locked onto that figure dressed in red, 100 Shiki chased after it relentlessly.

100 Shiki: I will not disappoint FP-6...

100 Shiki: Stop, Px4 Storm! Stop right there!

Px4 Storm: Do you think I'm stupid enough to stop just because you told me to?!

100 Shiki: You...

Freezing snow came drifting into her mouth every time she shouted.

So 100 Shiki just kept her mouth shut and continued her pursuit in silence.

The two figures, one red and the other black, dashed through the snow in the quiet evening...

Through the parking lot, the training ground, and past the cafeteria...

100 Shiki kept sprinting with reckless abandon, but Px4 Storm showed no sign of stopping.

100 Shiki: She could've shaken me off in many different ways, so why is she just running in a straight line?

100 Shiki: Does she have a specific destination in mind? Or does she have other collaborators waiting to back her up?

100 Shiki: Maybe I should get FP-6 to help me? Hm, no... I want to make myself useful!

The chase was very taxing on 100 Shiki's power reserve, but she refused to let Px4 Storm go and kept up the pursuit through sheer determination.

At last, 100 Shiki noticed that Px4 Storm was starting to slow down.

100 Shiki: Now's my chance!

100 Shiki: Px4 Storm, surrender yourself!

Px4 Storm: Sure.

Px4 Storm really just stopped in her tracks. Panting heavily, she grinned at the equally flustered 100 Shiki.

100 Shiki: (Pants) You're coming with me.

Px4 Storm: Hold on...

100 Shiki lunged at Px4 Storm and was about to put handcuffs around her wrists.

Px4 Storm was exhausted, but she still refused to submit.

100 Shiki: Just...(pants)...stop struggling...

100 Shiki: Come with me...so I can report back to FP-6...

Px4 Storm: You obey FP-6 without question, huh.

100 Shiki: She gave me this opportunity...and asked me to join her on this mission...

Px4 Storm ceased her struggle and flashed 100 Shiki a crafty smile.

Px4 Storm: That's okay. You don't want to let her down; I can come with you.

Px4 Storm: But before that, I need to tell you a secret.

100 Shiki: ...

100 Shiki: What secret?

Px4 Storm glanced at the tree behind her. It was just a normal cedar on the tall side.

Px4 Storm: This isn't an ordinary tree.

100 Shiki: What?

Px4 Storm: Have you heard of the legend about the Tree of Friendship at the base?

100 Shiki: No...

Px4 Storm: You know how there are many inseparable good friends here in the base, yeah?

Px4 Storm: Well, they didn't start out being such good friends...

100 Shiki: You mean...

100 Shiki instantly recalled the many pairs of Dolls who are always thick as thieves. She had always watched them with envy…

Px4 Storm: Dolls don't make friends easily, and you know that, don't you?

100 Shiki: Yeah...

100 Shiki thought of herself and nodded dejectedly.

Px4 Storm: Feelings are hard to convey. Even if you pluck up the courage to speak your mind, you don't always get everything across.

Px4 Storm: To put it simply, making friends is just a matter of luck.

100 Shiki: You're right!

Px4 Storm: Only if we can give someone else our feelings in their entirety, and if this someone is also willing to accept them...

100 Shiki: Will we have a chance of making a friend?

Px4 Storm: Exactly! This is how the Tree of Friendship came to be...

Px4 Storm: Legend has it that a long, long time ago, a Griffin Doll yearned dearly for a friend, but she was too shy to tell others her feelings.

Px4 Storm: So on a Christmas Eve, she dug a hole beneath the Tree of Friendship, buried her feelings there, and made a wish.

Px4 Storm: The next day, Christmas Day, the unexpected happened—she had dinner with the Doll she wanted to make friends with and they became the best of friends from then on.

100 Shiki: Really...? Who was this Doll?

Px4 Storm: Here, look at this.

Px4 Storm showed 100 Shiki an old photograph.

In the photo were two unfamiliar girls huddling together under a Christmas tree, smiling happily.

100 Shiki: ...

Px4 Storm: On Christmas Eve, bury objects that carry your sentiments beneath the Tree of Friendship—the more the better, then make a wish, and you will gain a friend on Christmas Day.

Px4 Storm: To tell you the truth, I ran all the way here just for this tree.

Px4 Storm patted the "Tree of Friendship" and started digging a hole near the roots.

Px4 Storm: There's this Doll whom I've wanted to make friends with for a long time now, but I just don't know how.

100 Shiki: ...

Px4 Storm: I bet you don't have any troubles of this sort, 100 Shiki.

100 Shiki: No...I do share your problem...

Px4 Storm: Heh, that's surprising...

Px4 Storm soon finished digging the hole and tossed her pouch of Christmas Coins into it.

Px4 Storm: Now I'm going to make my wish.

100 Shiki: ...

She closed her eyes and prayed piously as 100 Shiki watched.

100 Shiki stared at the Christmas Coins in the hole hesitantly and took her own out of her pocket.

100 Shiki: Will this really get me a new friend...?

Px4 Storm: I'm done. Now I'm going to fill the hole...

100 Shiki: Wait!

Px4 Storm: Do you also want to make a wish?

100 Shiki: Yeah...

After much deliberation, 100 Shiki also tossed her own Christmas Coin into the hole and made her wish.

100 Shiki: O Tree Spirit, please help me become good friends with FP-6!

When she opened her eyes, she was surprised to see that Px4 Storm was still there.

Px4 Storm: Here I go, then.

100 Shiki: Okay...

Px4 Storm: Oh, I forgot to tell you something.

100 Shiki: W-What?

Px4 Storm stopped suddenly in the middle of shoveling dirt back into the hole and smiled cryptically at 100 Shiki.

Px4 Storm: If someone digs this up again before Christmas Day, the wishes won't come true.

100 Shiki: ...What?!

Px4 Storm: Also...

Px4 Storm: The friend you wished for...will end up hating you...

100 Shiki: Huh?! N-No way!

Px4 Storm: Don't be afraid, 100 Shiki. As long as we keep this secret until Christmas is over, everything will be fine.

100 Shiki: But...

Px4 Storm: I know what you're worried about. It's your duty to capture me and find these coins.

Px4 Storm: But if you just wait for a day, your wish will come true, and you can still complete the task that FP-6 has given you.

100 Shiki: I...

Px4 Storm: I know you're a good kid. Good children always get the best presents for Christmas.

Px4 Storm took 100 Shiki's handcuffs and put them on herself.

Px4 Storm: Let's go, 100 Shiki. Time to head back.

8.30pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. Near the depot.

100 Shiki leans her forehead against the rough bark of a tree, her heart filled with guilt.

100 Shiki: I knew it! I was tricked! As if there would be such magic!

100 Shiki: But...if I told FP-6 now...

100 Shiki: She would definitely hate me!

100 Shiki: But if I don't say anything...wouldn't that make me Px4 Storm's evil accomplice?!

100 Shiki bashes her head against the tree trunk.

100 Shiki: No! I have to come clean!

100 Shiki: Even if FP-6 hates me... I should still...

She looks again at the "Tree of Friendship", but FP-6 is no longer there.

100 Shiki: Huh...? She left...?

100 Shiki: I...I was just...

100 Shiki slides down against the tree and slumps onto ground morosely.

She turns on her visual filter. The drifting snowflakes transform into flower petals in her eyes.

Afternoon, the seventh day after 100 Shiki joined Griffin, at the Café in the base.

100 Shiki was sitting by the café entrance and sipping a coffee on her own.

The sun was shining through the window, but she had nothing to do.

100 Shiki: It's already been a week since I reported for duty...but I still haven't made a single friend...

100 Shiki: If only I were a bit more outgoing...

With a small sigh, she shifted her gaze to the verdant trees outside the window and imagined how lovely they would be if they were cherry blossom trees in full bloom...

Knock knock.

100 Shiki was jolted out of her reverie by a rap on the glass.

It was an unfamiliar blonde Doll munching nonchalantly on a piece of chocolate. She looked a little intimidating.

100 Shiki: Huh? Did I do something wrong...?

100 Shiki accidentally spilled her coffee when she panicked.

The blonde Doll on the other side of the window walked into the Café.

FP-6: Sorry for startling you.

100 Shiki: Not at all...

FP-6: I'm FP-6. I was just passing by the Café when I saw you looking so blissfully at something.

FP-6: I wondered what you saw so I followed your gaze, but there's nothing.

FP-6: So tell me, what was it that got you looking so happy?

100 Shiki: Those trees...remind me of the cherry blossoms I used to see a lot...

FP-6: Hm?

FP-6 stared bemusedly at the trees, which were decidedly green.

100 Shiki: Oh no... I said something weird again... She's going to think I'm a complete weirdo!

FP-6: You want to see cherry blossoms?

100 Shiki: Yeah...

FP-6: Then let me show you something cool.

FP-6 shared a filter program with 100 Shiki.

FP-6: This is a special filter. Once you install it, you'll see cherry blossoms dancing through the sky.

FP-6: A friend gave it to me.

100 Shiki: Let me try.

Cherry blossom petals were indeed drifting all around the verdant trees.

100 Shiki: How beautiful...

FP-6: You're right, they are lovely cherry blossoms...

FP-6: Again, sorry for scaring you. Think of this filter as my apology.

The blonde Doll waved 100 Shiki goodbye casually.

100 Shiki gazed at her receding back in a daze.

9pm, December 24—one more day till Christmas. Near the depot.

100 Shiki lifts her head from between her knees and looks up. The sky is completely dark.

100 Shiki: I should head back... There's more supervising work to do tomorrow...

She dusts the snow off herself and slowly gets to her feet.

100 Shiki: Magic and whatnot... It's not real...

A small and hard object slips out from her pocket and clatters on the ground.

It's the memory stick that Suomi has given her.

It's etched with the words, "Dreams Come True".

"For expressing your feelings."

Suomi: This magic only works during Christmas.

8pm, December 25. At a subway station near the base.

Broadcast: The Christmas event will end in half an hour. Would all T-Dolls please register your entry and log the number of Christmas Coins you have obtained.

Broadcast: The final results will be tallied and announced in 30 minutes. You are all welcome to watch the livestream at the Café.

The broadcast is repeated every now and then. Upon hearing it, Dolls would head to the Café, bubbling with excitement.

At the entrance of the busy subway station, TMP stamps her feet anxiously, waiting for her call to connect.

TMP: K2, why aren't you picking up...?

While she is waiting, she scrolls through her call logs.

M950A, Thunder, K2, AEK-999...

A long list of missed calls.

TMP: Where...is everybody...?

TMP sits down dejectedly on the stairs when her communicator finally chirps.

TMP: K2, you're finally returning my calls!

K2: Oh, sorry. We've been a bit busy.

TMP: Lots of work tonight?

K2: Um... Yeah, haha.

TMP: The Christmas event is about to end. I was hoping—

An ear-splitting screech of brakes can be heard coming from K2's end.

K2: Your driving sucks!

K2: Sorry, TMP. I gotta go. Talk to you later.

TMP: Okay...

K2 hangs up hurriedly. Clutching at her communicator, TMP thinks about her friends in the frigid wind.

Meanwhile, at the entrance of the lively Café.

The Café is crammed full of Dolls, so Suomi and Am RFB are stuck in a queue outside.

Suomi looks away from the direction in which TMP has left and asks Am RFB.

Suomi: Shouldn't we go and check on her? She seems really down.

Am RFB: No, just give her some space.

Suomi: ...

The two Dolls stop talking. Am RFB takes out her gaming device, settles into a comfortable position, and starts playing.

Suomi: RFB?

Suomi notices that Am RFB has already put on her eye-catching gaming headset.

Suomi: ...

Suomi: RFB, I actually have a lot to tell you.

Am RFB is deftly operating her console with nimble fingers.

Suomi: But what I want to say the most is...

Suomi: Thank you for playing video games with me.

Suomi finally spoke her mind, but Am RFB didn't hear it. She feels relieved, yet also wistful.

At the same time, in the hallway near the Café.

Seeing that there is a much longer queue outside the Café than they expected, M21 and M14 decide to watch the livestream back in their dorm.

M14: ...What a busy night! We were hoping we could talk to the Commander for a bit.

M14: But the Commander is surrounded by so many Dolls it's impossible to get through at all.

M14: We'll leave it till next time. What about you, M21?

M21: Uh... Um... Yeah...

M14: What's the matter with you, M21? You've been pretty absent-minded these last couple of days.

M21: ...Oh, nothing.

M14: You must tell us if there's something wrong.

M21: Right.

M21 stops pensively.

M21: Um... M14... Actually...

When she looks up again, M14 suddenly lunges at her and covers her mouth with a hand.

M21: I... (muffled speech)

M14: Hush! Look!

M14: Miss Helian is drunk...

M14: Oh no, she's falling off the stairs!

M14 immediately rushes over to the stairs.

M21: Hey, M14! I...

M21 shouts weakly. In the end, she just chuckles bitterly and follows M14.

M21: I'll probably never get these words out to M14...

Meanwhile, in the hallway.

In the still air of the dark passage, a shadowy figure ambushes another shadowy figure.

CAWS: Long time no see.

Px4 Storm: Indeed.

Px4 Storm: But such a passionate greeting is hardly necessary, is it?

Px4 Storm looks down at the gift-wrapping ribbon that has been tied tightly around her. If she remembers correctly, it's the exact same ribbon that she used to tie up CAWS.

CAWS: If I didn't do this, you would never listen to me properly.

Px4 Storm: I don't think I want to hear a word of what you're about to say.

CAWS: Why don't you start by telling me where you stashed those Christmas Coins?

CAWS: I know you didn't log them in your event acquisition.

Px4 Storm: You're right, but I don't plan on sharing this piece of information with you.

CAWS: You don't have to. I already know.

Px4 Storm: ...

CAWS: Not only the coins' location, but also what really happened on the expedition a month ago.

Px4 Storm: Ha, so you've found out...

CAWS: I'm going to tell the others everything.

Px4 Storm: Is that a threat?

In the dark, the motionless air grows heavy and dangerous.

At the same time, near the base.

100 Shiki and FP-6 have come to inspect the site of the fireworks at the Commander's behest.

FP-6: ...Gosh, I'm exhausted. The inspection is basically complete. We can notify the Commander and the Fireworks Fairy.

FP-6: Are the launchers with you?

100 Shiki: Yep! They're good to go.

FP-6: I'll contact the Commander and confirm the time.

100 Shiki: Shall I go up and check the roof again?

FP-6: Sure.

100 Shiki makes sure that the launchers are still intact before heading up to the rooftop.

Even though the fireworks have been checked thoroughly and repeatedly, she is still a bit worried.

This might be the last task that she will carry out together with FP-6.

100 Shiki: The positions are just as indicated on the plan; nothing has been moved.

100 Shiki: The fireworks are also dry and untouched by the snow; they should go off just fine.

100 Shiki: FP-6, I'm done over h—

100 Shiki turns to look at FP-6 and steps onto the frosty roof tiles with her shoes, which don't have anti-slip soles.

100 Shiki: Ah!

FP-6: 100 Shiki!

100 Shiki slips and starts rolling down.

100 Shiki: Help!

FP-6: Don't worry, I got you!

Slam!

After the disorienting impact, all 100 Shiki sees is the white snow dancing through the sky.

8pm, December 25—Christmas Day. At the busy Café.

The Dolls are gathered at the Café, anxiously awaiting the announcement in half an hour.

Honey Badger: Betty, try to steal more Christmas Coins! The tally will be closed soon...

Ameli: I've already given away my Christmas Coin... Will my button do?

Lewis: Everyone is soooo cute! It doesn't matter if I win or not...

Unlike the excited Dolls all around, the Commander is obviously dog-tired and desperate for the event to end.

Kalina: Commander, you seem to have had a few very busy days?

Commander: Thanks to you, I've spent the last couple of days as some kind of fugitive.

Kalina: Which just goes to show that a lot of Dolls are very grateful to you. It's their way of showing their love.

Commander: ...

Commander: Kalina, are you sure this event will be a success?

Kalina: Of course! When have I ever messed up an event?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: You're right, your events never give me cause for worry.
If choice 1 was picked

Kalina: I didn't know you trust me so much, Commander!

Kalina: I thought you were still hung up on the bill for last year's Christmas event...
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: ...Let bygones be bygones.
If choice 1 was picked

Kalina: Thank you for still believing in me.
If choice 1 was picked

Kalina takes out her Christmas Coin from her pocket.
If choice 1 was picked

Kalina: I'm sure you've already received a heap of Christmas Coins, but I'd still like to give you mine as a show of my gratitude.
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: Kalin, each coin carries its own unique sentiment.
If choice 1 was picked

Kalina: That's exactly right! Just as each Christmas event has its own unique purpose!
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: But you ended up wrecking the base last year...
If choice 2 was picked

Kalina: I knew it! You ARE still hung up on that!
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Ahem... I didn't mean to blame you. It's more of a gentle reminder.
If choice 2 was picked

Kalina: I've learned my lesson. All flammable and explosive dinergates are banned!
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Good. Then let's look forward to how the event will turn out this year.
If choice 2 was picked

Kalina: I won't let you down!

After checking the time, Kalina turns on the broadcast.

Kalina: Attention, all Griffin employees, would everyone please gather around. The next phase of the event is about to begin!

Whoosh... Bang!

Before Kalina can give the signal, the fireworks have already snaked up the sky and exploded.

Kalina: What's going on...? Eh, nevermind!

Kalina: Ahem, that's right! This is our surprise for tonight! A fireworks show!

Kalina: While we are all waiting for the results, please enjoy the beautiful fireworks spectacle!

The dazzling fireworks draw the Dolls to the windows.

Commander: Why has FP-6 launched the fireworks early?

Kalina: Maybe there's been a misunderstanding?

Commander: I can't seem to get in touch with her...

Kalina: I'll send the Fireworks Fairy over to check on them!

Meanwhile, near the base.

100 Shiki, filled with guilt and sadness, is sitting next to the chimney with her arms around her knees.

100 Shiki: I'm so sorry...

FP-6: I told you, it's not your fault.

Because of the collision, FP-6, who had been resting by the chimney, is now stuck firmly in the chimney itself.

Both of their communicators have been damaged, and the firework launchers are nowhere to be found.

FP-6: At least the fireworks got set off.

100 Shiki: But we didn't confirm the time with the Commander...

FP-6: It's okay. We'll give a full report once we're back.

100 Shiki: I'm sorry... I keep causing you trouble...

FP-6: Hey... You can't go to the Christmas party all because I'm stuck.

FP-6: Besides, you've been a great help to me these last couple of days, 100 Shiki...

100 Shiki: ...

100 Shiki: I...

100 Shiki: ...

100 Shiki: Actually, I let Px4 Storm go.

FP-6: ...

100 Shiki proceeds to confess everything to FP-6. She hoped that coming clean would liberate her from the guilt, but now the frozen silence is weighing heavily on her shoulders.

100 Shiki: I'm sorry... If I had just been a bit more steadfast, we could've got another Christmas Coin...

100 Shiki: And you could've won the contest...

FP-6: It doesn't matter anymore.

FP-6: I know Px4 Storm is a master manipulator, but I didn't expect she managed to talk you into lying to me.

100 Shiki: There's still time to dig up the rest of the Christmas Coins from under the tree. I remember the coordinates; it's not far from here.

FP-6: You don't have to.

100 Shiki: No... Let me make it up to you!

Ignoring FP-6's protests, 100 Shiki slides off the roof and runs towards the "Tree of Friendship".

She digs through the loose dirt and finds the red Christmas stocking into which she has put her Christmas Coin.

100 Shiki: FP-6! Look!

100 Shiki lifts up the stocking to show FP-6, but its unexpected weight catches her by surprise.

100 Shiki: ...M-My coin turned into stone!!!

FP-6: ...

100 Shiki: I'm so sorry...

100 Shiki shuffles back to FP-6's side dejectedly.

100 Shiki: I'm such an idiot... I actually believed Px4 Storm's nonsense about magic...

100 Shiki: I will gladly accept any punishment...

FP-6: ...

FP-6: You'll gladly accept punishment, eh? Then give me your hand.

100 Shiki stretches out a hand gingerly, waiting for her unknown punishment.

But the only thing she feels in her palm is a cold hard coin.

It's FP-6's Christmas Coin.

FP-6: I punish you by giving you my Christmas Coin. You did such a fantastic job these last few days you deserve the punishment.

100 Shiki: Huh...?

FP-6: I've never really cared about winning the event. To me, it has always been just a mission.

FP-6: But you were so motivated and gave everything your best effort, it made me oddly fired up as well.

FP-6: 100 Shiki, you've been a wonderful partner. Thank you for giving up your own chance of getting Christmas Coins to help me keep this event safe and fair.

100 Shiki: I should be the one to thank you...

Tears streak down 100 Shiki's face.

She puts the Christmas stocking stuffed full of rocks off to the side and takes the memory stick out of her pocket.

100 Shiki: FP-6, let's listen to some music together...

FP-6: Sure.

She gives one of her earbuds to FP-6 and cranks up the volume to the maximum...

Meanwhile, in the hallway.

Whoosh... Bang!

Another firework shoots up, and the dark night sky is illuminated by the brilliant sparks.

The remaining cinders trail off, their descent reflected in CAWS' eyes.

CAWS: You sold the rest of the Christmas Coins.

CAWS towers over Px4 Storm, whom she has captured and bound up.

Px4 Storm: Well done for figuring that out.

CAWS: Who'd have thought there were people that would spend that kind of money on buying Griffin merch.

CAWS: I've gotta say, I was pretty tempted when I realized how lucrative this is.

Px4 Storm: I'm afraid you'll have to give up on that idea, seeing that I have monopoly over this market.

CAWS: Since you've turned quite a decent profit, where's the money?

Px4 Storm: If you're trying to blackmail me, I'm sorry, but I've already spent it all.

CAWS: A miser like you would blow that much money all at once? I don't believe you.

CAWS kneels down and starts playing her audio recordings next to Px4 Storm's ear.

CAWS: "Px4 Storm often comes to visit us and she always brings a lot of presents for us!"

CAWS: "Px4 Storm is the best!"

CAWS: "Px4 Storm would tell me bedtime stories. I miss her a lot..."

Px4 Storm: Stop it! You...

CAWS: I followed you secretly to the orphanage near the base.

CAWS: I'd never have imagined you spending money on buying presents for the human children there.

CAWS: This is absolutely hilarious. If I hadn't seen it for myself, I would've wondered if I'd somehow ended up in some kind of parallel universe.

CAWS: A Doll who makes fun of others for being naïve is actually pretty naïve herself.

Px4 Storm: ...

CAWS: You have your reasons; I won't pry into your business.

Px4 Storm: Thanks.

CAWS: But answer the rest of my questions.

Px4 Storm: ...

Px4 Storm: What other questions do you have? On the expedition a month ago, I dug you guys out from under the snow. But you know that already, don't you?

CAWS: Yeah, but why didn't you tell anyone about that?

Px4 Storm: What's there to tell? I was just doing my job.

Px4 Storm: I know I often cut corners just so I can take care of some side gigs, but I have no intention of losing this job.

CAWS: ...

Px4 Storm: So can you let me go now?

CAWS: I'm sure you can get out of that in 10 minutes.

Px4 Storm: Hm?

CAWS stuffs a cold coin into Px4 Storm's pocket.

CAWS: Merry Christmas.

It's CAWS' own Christmas Coin.

Px4 Storm: ...

Px4 Storm sits there on the floor, utterly stunned. She watches as CAWS' receding back vanishes in the dark.

Px4 Storm: Merry Christmas.

Meanwhile, in the Griffin dorms.

After hauling a completely smashed Helian back to her room, M14 and M21 return to their dorm.

M14: We wonder why Miss Helian has drunk so much...

M14: She kept muttering about blowing things up…and blind dates...

M21: Maybe she went through something rough...

M14: We hope she'll cheer up once she sobers up.

M14 heads over to her bedside table and starts rummaging through the drawer.

M21 musters her courage and walks up to her.

M21: M14... If, hypothetically speaking...

M21: If you still had your Christmas Coin...

M21: Would you give it to me?

M14: Hm... Probably not...

M21: Why...?

M14: Because I got you something even better.

M21: I've been working so— What?

M14 takes a beautifully wrapped present out of her drawer.

M14: The Christmas Coin is just some random coin. It doesn't matter whom we give it to.

M14: But we spent a lot of time picking out this present, and it's only meant for you, M21.

M21: (Sobs) Thank you, M14!

M21 warmly embraces M14.

M14: You seem to care a lot about this Christmas Coin thing. It must mean a lot to you.

M21: Yes...

M14: Then can we have your Christmas Coin?

M21: Absolutely!

M21 exclaims enthusiastically, but then she suddenly remembers the fate of her Christmas Coin...

M21: I...I need to go to the bathroom...

M14: What—

In the howling wind, M21 dashes toward the window out of which she has tossed her Christmas Coin...

Meanwhile, at the entrance of the lively Café.

Am RFB takes off her headphones in a daze.

Am RFB: Suomi, my console was muted...

Suomi: ...

Am RFB: But thank you, Suomi!

Am RFB: I had a lot of fun these last few days!

Suomi: ...

Am RFB: It was also amazing playing with you at the game night!

Suomi: ...Thanks.

Am RFB: You know what, I should give you my Christmas Coin.

Am RFB smacks herself on the forehead and offers Suomi her Christmas Coin.

Suppressing her elation, Suomi takes the coin with feigned casualness.

Suomi: Then here's mine in return.

Suomi's Christmas Coin now lies in Am RFB's palm.

Suomi: AAAAAAAAAAAAH... My WISH HAS COME TRUE...

Suomi: What a wonderful Christmas...

Suomi: Thanks for your coin.

Even though Suomi is practically screaming on the inside, her face is as impassive as ever.

Am RFB: Woohoo, I got Suomi's Christmas Coin! I wonder if I can fool the machines at the arcade into taking it.

Am RFB: Thanks for this too.

The two Dolls behold their respective Christmas Coins. A goofy smile appears on both their faces at the same time.

Meanwhile, at the subway station near the base.

TMP rises to her feet and decides it's about time she headed back to the Café.

After walking a few steps, a question suddenly occurs to her.

TMP: The image quality of K2's call seemed pretty high just now?

TMP: Have they finally worked on improving the network connection over there...? But I haven't heard about any work being done?

???: TMP!

As the final train of the day pulls into the station, a shout comes from behind.

TMP: Who's that?

K2: T!

AEK999: M!

M950A: P!

Thunder: !

TMP: Oh my gosh, you're back!

TMP lets out a gleeful yelp and dives into her long-awaited group hug.

8.30pm, December 25. At the Café.

Kalina: It's time to reveal the results!

Commander: So who's the winner?

Kalina: I don't know either. The Dolls have all logged how many coins they managed to obtain and the computer in the command room is sorting through the data.

Kalina: Once it's done, we'll have the answer.

Commander: What if the computer crashes? Won't we lose all the data?

Kalina: Impossible! Persica has sworn on her honor that the new computer is absolutely dependable!

Kalina: It's almost time, my dear Dolls! Here comes the most thrilling part!

Kalina: Raise your hands and count down with me!

A countdown timer is projected on the screen in the Café. The flickering numbers are reflected in the Dolls' bright eyes.

Kalina: 5!

Cheers: 4! 3!

Cheers: 2!

Kalina: ...Let us keep our attention on the screen, where the winner of this event will be revealed!

The screen rotates through the names and ID pictures of all the Dolls.

The cheers reach the peak of excitement as Kalina raises her index finger to indicate the final number...

"1".

Just before the screen comes to a final stop...

Bang! Boom! A series of fireworks go off at exactly the same time.

The lights in the Café flicker and go out, even the screen goes dark.

Kalina: What happened? The fireworks...

Commander: Kalina, the screen went dark...

Kalina: ...

Commander: ...Does this mean the computer crashed?

Kalina: I'll contact Persica!

Kalina walks over to the corner and confirms the terrible truth in just a few seconds.

Kalina: Commander...

Commander: Just tell me. I can take it.

Kalina: The fireworks blew up the command room... The computer crashed...

Commander: ...

Having no idea about what just happened, the Dolls start chattering in confusion, and the joyous atmosphere is on the verge of being shattered.

Kalina: What should we do, Commander?!

Commander: Get the Fairies to clean up the scene and wrap up this event nicely.

Commander: We've made it this far, we must at least make sure everyone leaves happy.

Kalina: Make sure everyone leaves happy... I've got it!

Kalina shakes off her panic and resumes her broadcast.

Kalina: Apologies, everyone. Our system just experienced a little malfunction. We are currently repairing it as fast as we can!

T-Dolls: Huh? No way!

T-Dolls: Boo!

Kalina: But don't go just yet! Although the biggest question of the night will have to wait for a while...

Kalina: There is still the second biggest question!

Looking at Kalina's gleeful smile, a chill runs down the Commander's spine.

Kalina: That's right, the question that all of you are burning to ask...

Kalina: Who has the Commander's Christmas Coin?!

Commander: ...I knew it!

The Commander sees this coming and takes off running, but it's already too late.

Gr MK23: Darling, it's time you made your choice!

Gr MK23: I'm sure you will choose me without hesitation...

K-PDW: No, no, no! Honey's Christmas Coin is mine! It's been decided since long ago!

Gr MK23: You're lying!

K-PDW: Right, Honey?!

Commander: Um...

Gr MK23: Darling...you won't let me down, will you?

K-PDW: Let me have your Christmas Coin, Honey! ♪

M1911: Gotcha, Darling! Now give me your Christmas Coin!

M9: Screw off, old hag! The Commander's Christmas Coin belongs to me!

Gd DSR-50: Commander... Why don't we spend some time alone, just the two of us?

Saiga-12: I'll trade my exclusive summer swimsuit photo album for your Christmas Coin.

Commander: ...

Surrounded by all the Dolls, the Commander keeps backing away.

Commander: HELP!!!

With a desperate howl, the Commander sprints out into the cold and snowy night...

Of course, the Commander is never alone.

T-Dolls: Commander/Darling/Honey/Caretaker/Little Lamb/Boss, wait for me!!!

One Coin Short – END

December 25, Christmas Day. Near the base.

The Fireworks Fairy was finally done with setting up all the fireworks.

Fireworks Fairy: Phew, I'm beat!

Cling. Clang...

An empty wine bottle rolled down the slope over to the Fairy.

Fireworks Fairy: Who's there?! Don't you know it's super dangerous to drink near this pile of fireworks?

Fireworks Fairy: Don't just toss away your bottle!

???: Why...the hell...did I...

???: PLAY DEATH METAL ON MY BLIND DATE?!!!!

The Fireworks Fairy picked up the wine bottle huffily while a dark figure stumbled unsteadily towards it.

Fireworks Fairy: M-Miss Helian?

Helian: Blind date! Work! Burn them all!

Helian: Christmas! Holy Night! BURN THEM ALL!!!

Fireworks Fairy: ...Are you okay? You seem drunk, Miss Helian.

Helian: Heheh... I have a wish...

Fireworks Fairy: A wish... Px4 Storm said that Christmas is a time for making people's wishes come true!

Fireworks Fairy: What do you wish for, Miss Helian?

Helian: I want to blow up the place where I made a complete fool of myself! Blow it all up! HAHAHAHAHAHA!

Helian pointed toward the command room with the bottle in her hand.

Fireworks Fairy: ...

Fireworks Fairy: Is that supposed to make any sense?

Fireworks Fairy: But then again, humans never wish for things that make sense...

Fireworks Fairy: I understand. I'll do my best!

The Fireworks Fairy clutched tightly at the firework launcher in her hand and swore to herself that she would make Helian's wish come true.

One Coin Short – END! For Real!

You've been tripped and buried by junk.

Collect and remove the junk to break free, or else you'll be bogged down for 2 rounds.

Take note, each team can only carry one piece of junk at any one time.
Part 2: -49-EXT-4-1.txt

    2chevron_right

There are no clues here…

Better move on to the next location.

