In the warehouse of a Sangvis base.

Destroyer stops taking inventory and lets out a sigh, gazing out of the window at the drifting snow.

Destroyer: Two years ago today, we had a party... last year today, I got a present from Agent... This year... there's absolutely nothing this year...

Destroyer activates the AI interface installed on the wall.

Destroyer: It's Christmas today, let's play a fitting song.

S.F. Music: Surroundings analyzed. Playing a human song written in the 20th century titled "Prison Grove".

S.F. Music: "An icy wind burns and scars... "

S.F. Music: "Rushes in like a fallen star... "

S.F. Music: "Through the narrow space between these bars... "

Destroyer slams the off button on the AI interface.

Destroyer: That's enough, now shut up.

Destroyer looked outside at the falling snow once again, and lets out another sigh, this time more dejected.

Destroyer: (Sigh) I really wanna celebrate Christmas...

... Fifteen minutes ago.

Destroyer: ... So, Agent. What's our plan for Christmas this year?

Agent: What Christmas plan?

Agent: Are you unaware of how dangerously low our supplies are?

Destroyer: Stop acting, It's just us here, if you tell me I promise I won't tell.

Agent: ...

Agent: It would appear that leaving you idle was a mistake.

Agent: Take this manifest and do an inventory check.

Agent: You can speak to me again about a Christmas plan once you get a grasp of the situation we are in.

Destroyer: (Sigh)

Destroyer: As much as I know she's telling the truth from taking inventory...

Destroyer: I still don't want to give it up...

Dreamer: Agent sure is getting reckless, enough to leave inventory to you.

Dreamer: Although, considering how little supplies we have, I suppose even an idiot can count them, right?

Destroyer: ... Are you... calling me an idiot?

Dreamer: You said it, not me.

Dreamer: Come to think of it, according to the recon report we just received, Griffin is having a huge Christmas celebration.

Destroyer: What?! Those Griffin T-Dolls can afford to celebrate Christmas even though they're poor enough to scavenge our parts?

Dreamer: Their Commander left the base early in the morning, presumbly to go shopping in the city.

Dreamer: Well, even though we can't spare the effort to have a proper celebration, we can at least play some Christmas songs to lift the mood.

Dreamer speaks as she activates the AI interface.

Dreamer: It's Christmas today. Play something fitting.

S.F. Music: Surroundings analyzed. Playing a Christmas song.

S.F. Music: "We wish you a merry Christmas."

S.F. Music: "We wish you a merry Christmas."

S.F. Music: "We wish you a merry Christmas and happy new year! ♪"

Destroyer angrily slams the AI interface shut again.

Dreamer: Someone's got a bad temper today.

Dreamer: However... we could redirect that temper toward something... more productive...

Destroyer's eyes sparkle with excitement in the dim warehouse.

Destroyer: Then I'll go scouting. It's not like I've got much to do today anyway.

Destroyer: I might even seize some supplies to fill up our empty warehouse.

Dreamer: How unusual, the idiot has the resolve to volunteer for a mission.

Destroyer: So you WERE calling me an idiot!

Gager, who has been eavesdropping, barges in suddenly.

Gager: Are you guys about to go scout out the Griffin's base?

Gager: You can't trust an idiot to carry out a mission on her own, let me go with her.

Destroyer: HEY! How can you act so snobby while evesdropping?

Destroyer: And who did you call an idiot?!

Gager: I called an idiot an idiot.

Gager: I'll meet you at the back gate in ten minutes.

Destroyer: HEY——!

Dreamer: This dreary Christmas is starting to liven up. ♪

... at the Griffin base.

???: ... We've already given the Commander a heads-up, please do take care of Gr G11 for us, Kalina.

???: We will return immediately once we acquire the necessary supplies.

???: Well, all she does is sleep anyways. Just think of her as an ugly, heavy vase that we've deposited for safekeeping

???: Just sleep tight here, Gr G11. You'll get the surprise you've always wanted when you wake up~♪

Kalina swiftly moves the sound asleep Gr G11 to the Commander's room to keep her away from other T-Dolls.

As she gazes at Gr G11's sleeping face, an idea suddenly comes to her. She digs out a Christmas outfit and changes Gr G11 into it.

Kalina: Oh, you never took the gift from last Christmas with you!

Kalina: You can still wear it this year, and I get to save some money on buying another present. ♪

Gr G11: Hmm... Christmas...

Gr G11: Presents... Heheh...

Kalina leaves the room and quickly heads to the hall where the T-Dolls have gathered.

Kalina: Merry Christmas, everyone! What a wonderful day!

Kalina: Regrettably...

Kalina: Our commander had to leave the base on short notice for work...

The T-Dolls burst into an uproar upon hearing the news.

OTs-44: (Sobs) Commander... How could this be?

Springfield: I'm sure it must be something important, otherwise the Commander definitely would've spent Christmas with us.

WA2000: W-who cares?! I'll celebrate Christmas even without the Commander!

SVD: If the Commander isn't here, the booze in the cellar is fair game, right?

Suomi: You nasty barbarians are thinking about sneaking booze out of the cellar now that the Commander's away, aren't you?!

SAA: Only one way to settle this, it's duel time! Winner takes this can of cola I have!

CZ75: Oh, it's time to duel? Now that you mention it, I still have a score to settle with NZ75...

Ameli: It looks lively in here...

Helplessly facing the crowd of rowdy T-dolls, Kalina rubs her forehead.

Kalina: Ahem! That's enough, settle down!

Kalina: The Commander can't spend Christmas with us this year, but—!

Kalina: We should still have a proper celebration, for all the hard work we put in!

Kalina looks at each T-Doll present to build up suspense.

Kalina: Which is why I've decided to organize the first ever Secret Santa at Griffin!

The T-Dolls start chattering excitedly.

Kalina: I've already sent out the document explaining the details.

Kalina: To put it simply, everyone prepares a present and leaves it at a designated location with a given number.

Kalina: After that, everyone who has deposited their present will get to draw a number for a random present. All free of charge, of course!

Kalina: Isn't that exciting?!

Hearing Griffin T-Dolls cheering in excitment. Kalina nods with satisfaction.

Kalina: What's even more exciting...

Kalina: The Commander has also prepared a gift. We'll have to see who's lucky enough to get it!

SAA: Yahoo! Commander must've prepared a year's worth of cola for me!

Am RFB: As if! I'm sure it's the newest game bought especially for me!

Ameli: Hmm... Guess I'll just include the button that just tore off of my jacket in the present.

Suomi: I gave the Commander an introductory CD last year... Then this time I'll...

WA2000: Preparing gifts and whatnot is such a chore... But since it's already decided, guess I'll just have to do it properly...

Springfield: Then let's all head out to search for present materials around the base.

... Behind a shady corner near the Griffin base.

Gager: ... Spying on Griffin's Christmas plans? Did you really come all the way here for something so pointless?

Destroyer: Though we are both Sangvis, the difference between our artistic pursuit and discipline is obvious.

Destroyer: For instance, I can precisely tell how pointless it is to persist in giving the traitor, Architect, a present every year.

Gager: ... Cut the chit-chat while we're at work.

Gager: Look out, The Griffin groundhogs are coming out of their hidey-holes.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

At the entrance of the Griffin base.

Springfield: There. All cleaned up.

Gr MG5 lets out a sigh as she drags a T-Doll sprawled on the snow back on her feet.

Gr MG5: Get up. Are you this tired just from cleaning up some fodder?

OTs-44: Then can we finally start preparing our presents for real?

M14: We already have a clear idea about our gift!

M21: Really? Tell me... No, I suppose it'd be better to come up with something on my own...

CZ75: Why do I have a feeling I'm going to draw Spitfire's gift...

SAA: I've already decided to give away my beloved collection of cola. I wonder what I'm going to get in return?

Am RFB: I just hope I won't get your cola...

... Behind a shady corner near the Griffin base.

Destroyer: Did you hear that, Gager?!

Destroyer: They... they're having a Secret Santa!

Destroyer: What is that? It sounds really interesting...

Gager: ...

Destroyer: Any doll who prepares a gift can participate?!

Destroyer: Then I, too—

Gager smacks the eager and restless Destroyer on the head, sending her into the snow.

Gager: I see that your intelligence is also astounding.

Destroyer pulls her head out of the snow and sees a few modified Dinergates wandering among the Griffin T-Dolls.

OTs-44: These Dinergates are so cute! They're pretty helpful too...

WA2000: They ARE surprisingly useful...

M21: Say, if Sangvis Ferri sent in some Dinergates of their own today, we probably wouldn't be able to tell them apart, ahahaha...

M14: You're telling weird jokes again, M21...

Destroyer: Hold on, I just came up with the perfect plan.

... Meanwhile.

... Next to the chimney of the Griffin base.

ART556: (Dozing off) Wow... everyone's putting a lot of effort into making their presents!

ART556: Jeez... making gifts or whatever isn't cool at all...

ART556 watches all the busy T-Dolls around her and falls into deep thought.

ART556: If you ask me, the coolest thing has to be the mysterious thief who gets all the presents without having to work for them! Hahaha!

Thus, an exciting show begins to unfold.

... Behind a shady corner near the Griffin base.

Gager: So what's this plan of yours?

Destroyer: Remember the tech Mastermind recently developed?

Gager: You mean the one-way jam in comm links or the augmentation mammapla—

Destroyer clamps a hand fearfully over Gager's mouth and gingerly touches the bridge of her own nose.

Destroyer: Neither! I'm talking about simulating Griffin signals!

Gager: The one that allows us to temporarily disguise our Sangvis signals as Griffin's?

Gager: That's completely experimental technology, and only proves effective for about 30 minutes.

Destroyer: Yeah, but that's more than enough.

At Gager's thoughtful nod, Destroyer grabs a Dinergate and starts tinkering with it enthusiastically.

Destroyer: As long as we physically alter this Dinergate to look like the Griffin model and cover up its Sangvis signal with a simulated Griffin signal, those stupid T-Dolls won't have a clue!

Destroyer: Then, I'll snatch away the gifts while the Dinergate creates a diversion—

Destroyer grows more animated as she speaks. The Dinergate is modified in no time, save for a few parts that cannot fit anywhere. Gager then takes it into her hands...

Gager: ...

Gager: Are you sure this isn't going to cause any unexpected problems?

Gager: After all, this technology hasn't undergone any form of testing.

Destroyer watches nervously as Gager activates the Dinergate. Upon seeing nothing out of the ordinary, Destroyer continues...

Destroyer: Ahem. Well, since nothing seems to be the problem, we can proceed as planned.

Destroyer: Think about it, this is also the perfect time for you to look for that traitor.

Destroyer: We'll both get what we want.

Gager: It does appear to be a pretty foolproof plan.

Gager: Then let's do it. However, in order to properly control the Dinergates, we'll have to split up.

Destroyer: Don't worry. I'll get in touch if anything happens.

Gager: I hope you're smarter than that idiot.

Gager: Let's kickstart this plan with an ambush laid by my forces.

Destroyer: ... Hmm? What idiot?

Gager's figure had already vanished into the snowy night.

... At the Griffin base.

M1918: Kalina, Sangvis units have been detected about 500 meters outside of the main entrance! Recon squad is requesting aid!

Kalina: At a time like this...?

CZ75: Right on time! I was just worrying about not finding any good materials!

Ameli: The Commander isn't here... It's scary... I want to hide...

Am RFB: Hey, don't go burrowing off... I don't want to experience a "game over" alone on a Christmas Day without the Commander...

Gr MG5 sighs as she pulls Ameli out from her hidey-hole.

Gr MG5: Do these T-Doll's neural clouds just turn into goop the moment something unexpected happens?

M21: Ahaha, "turn into goop". You're funny, Gr MG5...

Noticing the deafening silence and M14's awkward stare, M21 coughs to cover up her embarrassment.

WA2000: Let's get back on track. My neural cloud can't handle any more of your nonsense.

Springfield: While the Commander might not be here, we still have Kalina, so let's hurry up and prepare for battle.

Kalina: Don't worry. I've studied up on the Commander's combat records. Leave the commanding to me!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

... At the main entrance of the Griffin base.

Destroyer's carefully modified Sangvis Dinergates have managed to slip in among the Griffin T-Dolls during the battle. They are now sitting quietly at the door.

FAL & Fel the Ferret: ...

CZ75: Don't you see them... ? A couple of the little guys are sitting there...

Suomi: I DO see them, and that's why I don't know what to do...

Suomi: They're just waiting there so miserably... like a bunch of strays...

FAL: Wait, one's coming over...

FAL: And it's brushing itself against my leg. This Dinergate's got good tastes.

Fel the Ferret squeaks in protest.

OTs-44: Oooh! I could really use their help right now.

WA2000: It's not like we can't take them in. I mean, we could use the help, right?

Gr G36: We can't just leave them out here in this cold...

Springfield: Seeing as we're all in agreement, then let's keep them for now. We'll let the Commander decide later.

... Behind a shady corner near the Griffin base.

As she watches the Griffin T-Dolls taking in her modified Dinergates, Destroyer rolls around on the snow in glee.

Gager: You might pay for letting your guard down so quickly.

Destroyer gets back onto her feet with poise.

Destroyer: Don't worry. I won't repeat the same mistake.

Destroyer clenches her fist, her eyes glinting with determination.

... Meanwhile.

... Near a chimney of the Griffin base.

ART556 stares thoughtfully at the new Dinergates, her lips curling into an evil grin.

... In the Griffin base.

Kalina: Looks like everyone's ready. In that case, let's start gathering the presents at the appointed location!

Kalina: No need to push, everyone! Line up single-file in front of me for registration!

FAL: Quit shoving me, I'll turn you into a snowman if you get my clothes wrinkled.

Fel the Ferret growls threateningly.

SAA: Whoa, FAL's shoving her way forward while she's complaining!

Am RFB: Careful with that cola, it's dripping on my console!

WA2000: Hey! Aren't you lot getting too excited about this?

OTs-44: There's dolls pushing all around me, I've been lifted off my feet...

Ameli: Uh... where am I... I can't see anything except legs...

M21: Stay close, M14! It would be bad if your fire control core gets popped out from all these dolls pushing us!

Overhearing M21's words, Gr MG5's hands freeze in place. She gives them a look that is normally reserved for idiots.

M14: Don't worry, if your fire control core gets popped out we'll visit you at the cafe every day...

Gr MG5 does a double-take, now fully in disbelief.

Gr MG5: It seems S.F. has finally developed some kind of idiot ray...

Gr MG5: M14's IQ is now on the same level as M21's. How could any Doll believe that their fire control cores can just pop out like that?!

Springfield: Everyone, please line up. There's no need to push...

As she watches the live broadcast from the Dinergates, Destroyer has a good idea of what is currently happening in the Griffin base.

Destroyer: Hehe, you stupid Griffin Dolls.

Destroyer: I just need to figure out how to navigate your base, and then the presents you put so much effort into preparing will be mine!

Destroyer: Lady Luck is still on my side, hahahahaha...

Destroyer: Now go, start plotting the route!

After receiving their orders, the S.F. Dinergates nimbly split up and head out.

One of them sneaks through the dorm corridors, computing the ideal escape route.

Suddenly, a foot presses down upon its body, pinning it in place.

ART556: Teehee, objective secured. ♪

As Destroyer watches the Dinergate getting dragged into the darkness from the live feed, all she can do is clench her fists...

Destroyer: Dammit, dammit, dammit!

Destroyer: Why does Griffin have such unruly Dolls...

Destroyer: I need to find a way to get that Dinergate out of there...

... Inside the dorms.

ART556 places her captured Dinergate — all trussed-up like a turkey — into a repair bay.

ART556: Hehe, time to begin my perfect plan!

ART556: For starters, I'll modify this Dinergate to look like one of S.F.'s.

ART556: Then, I'll send it to the present storage area.

ART556: That's bound to cause chaos, and I can simply help myself to the presents amidst the confusion! Hahahahaha!

As ART556 talks excitedly to herself and works with her tools, the poor Dinergate is reminded of the terror it just went through...

On the other side of the connection, Destroyer chews on her thumb and frowns. She finally manages to relax upon grasping the situation.

Destroyer: Whew— good thing she only changed its external appearance. This Dinergate is still under my control.

Destroyer: I might as well just play along with her plan...

... Half an hour later.

Inside the Griffin base.

Kalina: Alright, we've finished counting up the presents!

Kalina: After this, take the number you drew and find the present which matches it.

Kalina: Hope everyone gets something they like~

Kalina: Wait, what's that?

A Sangvis Dinergate suddenly pops up in front of the Griffin Dolls. The poor, defenseless critter shivers for a moment, and then immediately runs off in despair.

CZ75: That's a Sangvis Dinergate!

Suomi: Go! Get it!

The Sangvis Dinergate darts through the Griffin Dolls' legs, nimbly avoiding all the obstacles in its path.

WA2000: Ahhhh, what a pain! I'll try to flank and block it!

SAA: Hold my cola, I'll help too!

Am RFB: Hehe, I just cleared this map, nobody can beat me at parkour!

M21: M14, look! My prediction came true—

M14 — who has been aiming at the Dinergate — loses her concentration as she compliments M21.

M14: Well done!

The Sangvis Dinergate takes the opportunity to brush past M14's legs.

M14: Whoaaaa! Did the Dinergate touch us?! It touched us, right?!

The tiny silhouette of the Dinergate continues weaving through the Griffin Dolls, leaving chaos and shrieks in its wake.

ART556 lowers a rope down the chimney, nodding to herself in satisfaction as she watches the excitement unfold.

ART556: Just as planned. Now I'll can help myself to the presents like the cool thief that I am...

And so, beneath her feet, chaos unfolds...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

... At an obscure corner near the Griffin base.

Destroyer: Hehe, you think you can beat me like this?

Destroyer: You Griffin Dolls really are naive. You followed the routes I mapped out and gave my Dinergate room to escape.

Gager: Sounds like things are going well on your end.

Destroyer: Of course! I came up with this plan, after all!

Destroyer: Now, all I need to do is have it run into the pile of gifts and those stupid Griffin T-Dolls won't be able to catch me any more!

Destroyer: My present delivery is about to arrive, hahaha...

... At the site of the pandemonium in the Griffin base.

The Dinergate tiredly squirms through a gap in the T-Dolls' encirclement and as ordered, it makes one last sprint towards the pile of gifts...

Springfield: From the way it's moving... Looks like it's planning to escape into the present heap...

WA2000: CZ75! It's headed your way!

CZ75: Leave it to me, I'll chop you to—

CZ75 calculates the position where the Dinergate will be, and then she pulls her axe back before bringing it down in a cleaving strike. However, she misses.

OTs-44 gently tugs on CZ75's sleeve.

OTs-44: Look... the Dinergate suddenly stopped moving...

Only then does CZ75 notice that the frantically scampering Dinergate has suddenly come to a complete stop, holding its just-about-to-jump-into-the-pile-of-presents pose...

Destroyer watches the proceedings through her viewscreen in confusion.

Destroyer: What's going on... ? Why isn't it responding to my orders any more?

Destroyer: Its internal temperature is spiking...

Destroyer: But I didn't install any kind of self-destruct mode into it...

Curious, the Griffin T-Dolls lean closer.

Suomi: Maybe it crashed because it overheated from using too much power?

Gr MG5: You mean it overheated from just that bit of moving around?

Suomi and Gr MG5 carefully approach the motionless Dinergate...

WA2000: Wait—!

Before WA2000's warning registers, it is drowned out by the sound of an explosion.

BOOM!

Suomi: Aaaahhhhh—

Gr MG5: Scheiße!

The Dinergate suddenly explodes, and the pile of presents is engulfed in flames...

The T-Dolls' wails of despair echo off the ceiling.

Am RFB: NOOOOO! I worked so hard on my present...

SAA: Nooooo! Wait, put down my cola!

SVD: Should you be worrying about your cola at a time like this?!

Springfield: I'll go activate the fire suppression system, you head to the cleaning closet over there to get some water to put out the fire.

Kalina clutches her hair in anguish, her face as dark as the burnt walls of the base.

Kalina: How did things end up this way... ?

Kalina: Don't expect me to cover the base repair bills!

...At the same time, behind a shady corner near the Griffin base.

Destroyer is so worked up she jumps out of the pile of vegetation she's been hiding in.

Destroyer: How did things end up like this?! Nooooooo!

Destroyer: Wait, I have other Dinergates I can control...

Destroyer: I can still do this...

The Griffin T-Dolls dissolve into chaos once more. Everyone is fumbling to put out the fire and working their hardest to salvage their scorched gifts...

When the smoke clears, they see a sooty T-Doll dangling in mid-air before their eyes...

WA2000: Why are you hanging around here, ART556?

ART556: Um... I, uh... I can explain...

ART556 falls silent for a while.

ART556: It's like this! I was doing a chimney inspection nearby when I suddenly saw smoke coming out of the chimney, so I came over to check it out!

ART556: Who'd have thought that a Dinergate had suddenly exploded inside the base and started a fire, so I hurriedly lowered myself on a rope to try and put out the blaze...

FAL: You sure know a lot for someone who was separated from all this by a thick ceiling.

Gr MG5: And if you WERE putting out the fire, why would you need such a big, not to mention flammable sack?

M21: It's big enough to fit ART556 inside...

ART556: This... I...

OTs-44: Huh? ART556 has a Dinergate case on her! Isn't it from a Griffin Dinergate?

ART556: ...

ART556: Say what?!

ART556: Crap! I forgot to throw it away!

SVD tightens her grip around a glass bottle and smiles coldly as she approaches ART556.

SVD: If you don't tell the truth, I'll pour this bottle of vodka down your nose.

ART556 looks fearfully at the vodka SVD is holding and shudders.

With everyone interrogating her, ART556 has no choice but to spill the beans...

WA2000: ...

SAA: ...

Am RFB: ...

ART556: ...

ART556: Why don't you guys say something? Let me down, c'mon—

SVD: ... Just leave her up there.

ART556: Nooooo! I'm really sorry!
Not only do the Griffin T-Dolls express their agreement, some even tie ART556 more securely in her own rope before going off to search for their presents, leaving ART556 to weep mournfully as she dangles in mid-air...

... Outside the Griffin base.

The Commander, who left the base early in the morning to do shopping in the city, has returned in high spirits.

Commander: Why's everything so quiet? Something doesn't feel right...

... 12 hours ago.

Commander: Kalin, I'm heading out to buy some presents.

Commander: Remember to make up a sensible cover story.

Commander: Make sure to keep this a surprise!

Kalina: Leave it to me, Commander!

The Commander preens in satisfaction at the newly procured pile of presents.

Commander: Kalina should've helped me cover it up. I wonder how everyone will react to my surprise?

The Commander undergoes an ID check with the gate's security.

Gate Security: Welcome home, honored Commander!

The doors slide open, and the Commander is greeted with—

The base, blackened from fire...

Soot-stained T-Dolls weeping into their arms...

Presents, burnt into nothing but scattering ashes...

As well as—

The Commander's gaze shifts slowly to the bundle that was hanging in the air...

Commander: Who's that hanging from the ceiling and sobbing... Is that ART556?

Kalina, with her face and hair streaked with ash, weakly approaches the Commander.

Kalina: Commander...

The Commander backs out of the base with a blank expression.

Commander: What's going on? How did I get to the wrong base...

Commander: Haha, yeah, why would my base have ART556 hanging from the ceiling?

Commander: Still, I feel sorry for the commander of this base, it looks like it got blasted to bits by one of those military armored trains...

Commander: Come to think of it, that adjutant just now looked a bit like Kalina...

The Commander looks up at the serial number outside of the base.

Commander: ...

The Commander steps forward into the base once more.

Kalina, still with her face and hair streaked with ash, approaches the Commander again.

Kalina: C-Commander...

Commander: WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED HERE???!!!

After a brief explanation, the Commander finally calms down.

Commander: Alright, stop crying, everyone. While I understand how all of you must feel...

Commander: Today's Christmas, which only comes once a year, so I'd like for everyone to be happy.

Commander: In fact, that's why I went out early this morning to buy presents for everyone—

M21: M14, help me check my hearing modules, did I just imagine the Commander say something about buying us presents?

M14: I think I heard that too...

At the looks of disbelief on everyone's faces, the Commander clears their throat and repeats in a louder voice.

Commander: I brought a Christmas tree and presents for everyone back with me.

Commander: So, let's hurry and clean this mess up so we can have a party tonight.

The fire-ravaged base falls to silence for a moment, before quickly exploding into cheers.

Suomi: This is great! I'll be able to play my newest CD at the party!

OTs-44: Ah! You're the best, Commander!

SAA: Woohoo! I've got a resupply for my cola!

Am RFB: Is my present the game that just came out? It is, right?!

Springfield: Thank you for going through all this trouble to prepare a surprise for us, Commander.

Just as the Commander was about to let out a sigh of relief, someone presses a communicator right into their face.

Kalina: Commander! We just picked up a Sangvis signal! It's very close, it's right—

WA2000: AAAAAAHHHHHHH—

Several Dinergates that had been lying in ambush suddenly charged out at the pile of presents that had been brought back by the Commander. Before the Commander could let out an order, they snatched the gifts up and fled in all directions.

Recalling their anger at the S.F. Dinergate who had destroyed their presents just prior, the stunned T-Dolls regroup and rush out before the Commander can muster a response.

CZ75: Get them!!!

SVD: You're dead, you miserable maggots!!!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...In the Griffin base, outside Architect's room.

A Dinergate rushes in and jumps onto the desk before pushing the present it's been entrusted with through the supply port.

It runs off right after that, as though it has sensed the angry cries in the distance.

Architect curiously picks up the gift and examines it...

Architect: Haha, you really do have a gift for me every year, my dear Lady Knight.

Architect: Unfortunately, I won't be able to give you a present in return this year either...

Architect: Still, Merry Christmas...

...Behind a shady corner near the Griffin base.

Gager: My plan succeeded, I'm heading over to the rendezvous point to wait for you.

Gager: You've got 10 minutes to show up.

Destroyer: What? Your plan succeeded?!

Destroyer: Wait a minute, I've lost contact with all my Dinergates...

Gager: An expected outcome.

Gager: Hurry up and fall back. Griffin will find you if you stay there, and I trust you don't want to end up keeping that idiot company.

...The transmission ends.

Destroyer: B-but...

Destroyer glances back and forth between the jet-black screen of her radar sensor and her chronometer.

Destroyer: Ughhh... What should I do?

Destroyer: I'm out of time, and I don't have anything to show for a day's worth of hard work...

Destroyer flops down on the ground and starts crying loudly.

Commander: Is someone crying?

Destroyer hurriedly shushes herself and burrows into the nearest patch of vegetation.

She can hear the Commander's footsteps slowly approaching...

Destroyer: Oh no... Is Griffin going to capture me too...?

Destroyer: I don't want to humiliate myself like Architect...

Destroyer: If Dreamer finds out, she'll make fun of me for years...

Destroyer: I might as well just blow myself up...

The Commander's footsteps stop in front of a trembling bush that bulges in a strange way before smiling tiredly.

Commander: Ahem. While I don't know where you're from, you sound like you haven't gotten a present.

Commander: As it happens, I have an extra one on me, so I'll leave it here.

Commander: Merry Christmas.

Destroyer's eyes seem to blaze in the darkness, and she charges at the voice's source with a speed she's never shown before...

"Bonk—"

Destroyer's hard forehead collides with the Commander's chin, as the latter is kneeling in front of the bush...

Destroyer: M-Merry Christmas!

While the Commander is still dazed from the collision, Destroyer takes advantage of this and speeds off with present in hand.

...At the rendezvous point.

Gager: And here I was thinking I wouldn't see you until after we captured the Griffin base.

Destroyer: You should save your vivid imagination for making up an excuse to give to Agent.

Gager: ...

Gager: So you managed to get that present you wanted so badly in the end?

Gager: Let's go.

Destroyer: Yeah, but if we go back empty-handed after expending all these resources, won't Agent...

Gager: Don't worry.

Gager: Besides, you won't remember anything once you wake up.

Destroyer: ...

...Near the Griffin base. The stricken Commander spends a long time in a daze before finally managing to get up.

Commander: Which base was that Doll from, anyway?

Commander: Why does it feel like the whole world is out to get me today...

As the commander was halfway through muttering to himself, he hears Springfield call out from behind.

Springfield: Commander?

Commander: Hm?

The Commander looks back and sees the T-Dolls all assembled in a lively gathering, with several of them under the Christmas tree—

Springfield: Aren't you going to join us at the party? Everyone's waiting for you.

FAL: Thanks for the scarf, Commander!

FAL: I like it a lot; I didn't expect you to have such good taste...

Gr G36: Look, Commander! I love this—

SVD: Don't move around, FAL. I'll cut off the tag for you.

The Commander smiles, then winces in pain before walking back to the others while cradling a swollen jaw.

Commander: Alright, I'm coming.

THE END.

...Inside the Command Center.

Kalina is double-checking the details of the base repair expenses with HQ.

Kalina: ...

Kalina: Mm, bill it to Area S09's Commander.

Kalina: Yes, it's still the same account.

After putting down the phone, Kalina looks outside at the Commander, who's heading towards the base, and sighs from the bottom of her heart.

Kalina: Sorry about this, Commander...

THE REAL END.

...At the lively Griffin base party.

As everyone is engrossed in opening and showing their presents off to each other, a sinister silhouette approaches the DVD player, which is currently looping some chill Christmas carols.

Suomi: I can't believe they're playing something so plain and boring even though it's Christmas.

Suomi: A big event like this deserves music that's just as grand and spectacular!

Suomi pulls out a death metal album with a black CD case from inside her coat, then gently slides it into the DVD player.

As she turns the volume all the way up and presses the play button, she can't help but whisper to herself—

Suomi: Fire—!

THE REAL REAL END

...An explosion jolts Gr G11 awake from her dreams.

Gr G11: Ugh... What's going on?

Gr G11 rubs her eyes and climbs off the bed.

Gr G11: Whoa— Where am I?

Gr G11 squints and looks around.

Gr G11: Um... isn't this the Commander's room?

Gr G11: Why am I sleeping here?

Gr G11's eyes are drawn to the bill displayed on the monitor.

Gr G11: What a long string of numbers... That's a lot of money!

Gr G11: That scary UMP45... Did she sell me to the Commander at last?

The abrupt sound of hasty footsteps outside the door startles Gr G11 so much she squeals and tries to flee through the window, only to crash into a warm embrace.

416: Where are you running, Gr G11?! You almost knocked me down!

Gr G11: Where did you guys go (sobs)—

UMP9: Hahaha, don't cry, take a look at this!

Gr G11 rubs her eyes and sees an out-of-print Undersea Zombie King action figure from "The Flying Dead"!

Gr G11: Wooowww—

UMP45: This piece of merch costs as much as you'd make in ten lifetimes of working for me, not counting inflation and collectors' value. Which means, Gr G11—

Gr G11 doesn't wait for UMP45 to finish before she climbs onto 416's back.

Gr G11: I know, I'll follow you forever...

As everyone laughs, Gr G11 clings to 416's back, delighted with the figure in her hands...

Gr G11: Merry Christmas... Hehe...

THE REAL REAL REAL END.

???: There really isn't anything else, Commander.

???: You can stop tapping now.

???: We're going to go celebrate Christmas—

???: Merry Christmas, dearest Commander!

