...

???: "In sleep he sang to me..."

???: "In dreams he came."

???: "That voice which calls to me..."

???: "And speaks my name."

???: "And do I dream again?"

…During Hallow's Eve, in Griffin's Club Activity Room.

A ghost storytelling session is in progress.

MDR: ...This is early footage of Miss Passadou from when she was alive. She was certainly a ravishing beauty by human standards.

MDR: I don't know much about musicals, but I find Miss Passadou's singing positively exquisite, I'd even say it moves my very soul.

MDR: That is, if I even have a soul...

Type 97S: When you dragged us in here, you said it was going to be a ghost story...

MDR: Be patient. I'm setting the mood for the ghost story here, can't you see?

Super SASS: So this Miss Passadou has something to do with the ghost story you're about to tell?

MDR: Exactly! Miss Passadou is the very star of my ghost story!

Spitfire: Are you referring to the incident about the haunted theater?

MDR: That's right! The incident that happened exactly a year ago!

MDR: On Halloween last year, the famous theater burned through the night...

Spitfire: This story has already been covered extensively by all major media outlets. If that's your bombshell tonight, then please excuse me.

Type 97S: I think I'll also...

MDR: Not so fast! Listen here, of course I know it's super old news!

MDR: But I wouldn't have put together a ghost storytelling session if I hadn't unearthed new secrets!

MDR: Look, I'm putting my reputation on the line here – I've got my livestreaming gear all set up.

Type 97S: Dear me, I haven't seen MDR this serious in a while. Alright then, go on.

Spitfire: ...

Spitfire: You have my attention.

MDR: Heheh, we'll begin with Miss Passadou.

MDR: Miss Passadou was a famous musical actress best known for her performance in "Butterfly in a Cocoon".

MDR: It is said that coincidentally, the story of her life was quite similar to the musical itself.

Super SASS: What is "Butterfly in a Cocoon" about?

MDR: Uh, I haven't watched it myself! Video recording isn't allowed in theaters...

MDR: I only heard about this from actual musical enthusiasts...

MDR: Come to think of it, don't you go to the theater regularly, Spitfire?

Spitfire: I'll give you a brief summary. A couple live quietly in a desolate mansion.

Spitfire: But one day, an amnesiac woman suddenly appears on their doorstep.

Spitfire: The kind-hearted couple take her in, but the longer she stays, the more she grows to resemble the mistress of the house – not just in speech and demeanor, but also in physical appearance. Eventually, the woman becomes the spitting image of the mistress, as if she were her reflection.

Spitfire: Meanwhile, the mistress gradually grows weak.

Spitfire: Then on a rainy night when the husband is out, the woman attacks the wife.

MDR: W-what happened next?

Spitfire: The wife and her doppelgänger are locked in a deadly struggle when the husband comes home.

Spitfire: The intertwined women are so alike that even he cannot tell who is his real wife.

Spitfire: In the end, the husband makes a choice and helps his wife destroy the doppelgänger, but he is gravely injured in the process and unfortunately passes away.

Spitfire: The mistress of the house, still weak from the ordeal, summons all the servants in the mansion and informs them of what has transpired, but other than herself, no one seems to recall the existence of the strange woman.

Super SASS: Huh?! But how is that possible...?

Type 97S: So is everything all the wife's imagination?

Type 97S: Or maybe there was never any strange amnesiac woman. Maybe the wife orchestrated the whole thing and put on a show just to cover up the fact that she murdered her husband.

MDR: I for one think it's the doppelgänger's doing. Her plan to replace the wife fails.

MDR: So she moves on in search for her next victim and wipes the memory of everyone who has seen her.

MDR: But for whatever reason, the wife still remembers her...

Super SASS: But then it is just as plausible that the doppelgänger has indeed succeeded in replacing the wife.

Super SASS: She could have killed the mistress of the house in the middle of the night when everyone was asleep, taken her place, and wiped the memory of the entire household.

Super SASS: The account she gave at the end could just be theatrics to cover up the truth...

Type 97S: The more you think about it, the spookier it becomes...

Spitfire: You think these were Dolls? Human memory can't be "wiped" just like that, you know?

MDR: But the ending is super interesting!

MDR: Spitfire, what's the correct interpretation of the ending?

Spitfire: There is no "correct" interpretation. I believe that's what they call an open ending.

Spitfire: You are free to believe that the mistress of the house overcomes the doppelgänger or vice versa; you can also simply interpret the entire story as nothing but a dream.

Spitfire: The night when the husband is away, the entire mansion is like a cocoon formed by a caterpillar that has turned into a chrysalis. People only see that a butterfly emerges from the cocoon at the end, but nobody knows what exactly happened within the cocoon.

Super SASS: I don't quite get it, but it feels pretty deep...

MDR: You sure know your stuff. Then you can probably guess where the story I'm about to tell takes place.

Spitfire: The abandoned theater not far from our base?

MDR: Precisely. That abandoned theater was where Miss Passadou was based.

MDR: Back when it was at the height of its splendor, the lights would never go out, and beautiful music would drift into the streets.

MDR: But after the strange fire that burned down the building, it is now utterly deserted, or you could say it's lively in a very oxymoronic sense of the word...

Super SASS: I've heard from some other seniors that the place is haunted...

Type 97S: They were just trying to scare you...

MDR: Rumor has it, the reason why the theater became abandoned in the first place was because Miss Passadou's ghost maintains a silent vigil over the building and refuses to let anyone get close to it.

A sudden splash of pale lightning illuminates the Dolls' faces, followed by the bellow of loud thunder.

MDR gulps surreptitiously and begins her story.

MDR: The story starts from the time when Miss Passadou wasn't yet the prima donna.

MDR: Back then, she was merely an ordinary actress recently hired by the theater to play background roles in their productions.

MDR: After a long time of diligent training, she eventually became a principal actress and got some important roles.

Super SASS: Wow, a person who achieved her dreams through hard work?

Super SASS: What a motivational story...

MDR: Hush, it was just the beginning.

MDR: Making good use of her beauty and talent, Miss Passadou married Mr. Arla, the proprietor of the theater.

MDR: The marriage cemented her position in the theater and also made life a lot easier for her.

Type 97S: What happened then? How did the theater turn into a haunted house?

MDR: Happiness is always short-lived. Soon enough, accident after accident occurred, and Miss Passadou was eventually overcome.

MDR: First, an unexpected illness made it impossible for her to ever take the stage again.

MDR: For someone who was accustomed to being showered by the audience's applause and adoration, this was an extraordinarily heavy blow.

MDR: Then she noticed that her dear husband Mr. Arla was becoming more and more distant...

MDR: And the reason behind his frigidness was no other than the supporting actress who had been trying to supplant her—

MDR: Miss Jane Doe!

Spitfire: ...Miss Jane Doe?

Super SASS: ...Miss Passadou's life was so tragic.

Type 97S: This is pretty clichéd if you ask me! Then Miss Jane Doe snatched Mr. Arla from Miss Passadou, and the two of them murdered her together, didn't they?

MDR: Nope. After the fire, only Mr. Arla's body was discovered.

MDR: According to the witnesses' accounts, when the theater was burning, they could hear Miss Passadou's singing coming from inside the building. The singing went on and on until her voice grew weaker and finally went completely silent...

MDR: Most people believe that Miss Passadou also died inside the theater and continued to watch over it as a ghost, which was why her body was never found.

MDR: As for Miss Jane Doe, she hadn't been seen again ever since the fire.

MDR: Some say that she is the doppelgänger in "Butterfly in a Cocoon", and that she has already moved on in search for her next victim...

Type 97S: What's going on in here?

...The lights suddenly come on.

MDR: WHOAAAAAA!!!

Super SASS: Oh!

Spitfire: Miss Kalina.

Type 97S: Miss Kalina! You scared the crap outta me!

Kalina: Sorry, the lights weren't on in the room so I thought it was empty.

MDR: We're telling ghost stories...

Kalina: Is that so? But...

Kalina: You didn't submit a venue booking application, did you, MDR?

MDR: I-I forgot, okay...?

Kalina: Well, that's a shame...

Kalina: The Activity Room has been booked by Springfield for tonight. She's hosting some kind of Halloween pastry tasting event.

Kalina: You guys can also join in.

MDR: How are we supposed to tell ghost stories with all the lights on?!

MDR: Wait, I've got it...

A mischievous look flashes across MDR's face but is instantly suppressed.

MDR: Right, thanks, Miss Kalina!

MDR: We'll be off then...

Kalina: Don't mention it.

...In the empty warehouse.

Type 97S: Why have you dragged us all the way here?

Type 97S: Are you planning to continue the ghost story in the warehouse?

Super SASS: ...The atmosphere isn't as nice as the Activity Room, but it'll do.

MDR: No, no, no. O ye, of little faith.

MDR: I've thought of an even better place of telling the story.

Type 97S: Hold on, don't tell me you're thinking about going to the abandoned theater...

Spitfire: I agree with the idea.

Super SASS: What?!

MDR: What's more thrilling than telling ghost stories on the turf of a ghost?!

MDR: I'm also gonna set up a livestream – Exploring a spooky haunted theater LIVE!

MDR: This is definitely gonna go viral! Hahahahaha!

Type 97S: ...

Super SASS: ...

MDR: ...What, you don't dare?

Type 97S: I-I just think it might be a bit dangerous to head out in this weather.

Spitfire opens the door of the warehouse. The thunderstorm that had been raging before is now nowhere to be seen.

Spitfire: The rain has stopped for now.

Type 97S: ...

Type 97S: SASS, you're also going, right?

Super SASS: Huh? Me...?

Super SASS: Miss Type 97S, please go easy on my arm...

Super SASS: I'm going, I'm going!

MDR: Right-O! Griffin Expedition Team, we're live!
Part 2: Side: Discourse in the Rain

    2chevron_right

...

...

Flight.

Her mind is consumed by this single thought.

She dashes through the busy, filthy streets, her feet stepping into puddles and splashing water everywhere. Meanwhile, the murderous shrieks remain hot on her heels.

???: Liar! Kill her!

???: Don't let that shameless whore go!

The hysterical howls sound terrifyingly close.

Her breath is erratic and her legs feel heavy as lead, but the street seems to stretch on and on.

???: Ma'am, this way!

A hand stretches out from a dark alley and grasps her own tightly.

It looks almost exactly like a human hand, but she can immediately tell that it belongs to a Doll.

Who are you? Where are you taking me?

???: Follow me!

She follows the Doll's instruction and resumes her strenuous run.

The view brightens until it becomes dazzling to the eye...

...Halloween, in a remote and isolated private sanatorium.

Doll Carer: Miss Fuduto, are you awake?

Fuduto: Hm... Did I fall asleep in the middle of reading...?

...The silence outside the window is broken by a roar of thunder, followed by the splattering of heavy rain.

The Doll carer immediately drops what she is doing and walks over to close the window.

Doll Carer: It's really coming down!

Fuduto: ...

Heavy rain, just like in her dream.

Fuduto is reminded of her troubling nightmare.

She recalls the frenzied howls and her murderous pursuer, and her heart sinks.

Just then, there is a knock on the door.

Doll Carer: Hello, who are you, if I may ask?

TAC-50: Sorry for the intrusion. I am TAC-50, a Griffin T-Doll. I just completed a mission and am on my way back to base.

TAC-50: My navigation system malfunctioned in the thunderstorm and led me here by mistake, and my power level is running dangerously low...

TAC-50: I'm wondering if you would allow me to recharge here; I am very happy to pay, of course!

Doll Carer: What do you think, Miss Fuduto?

In her dream, a hand stretched out of the dark alley and clasped her hand.

A Doll's hand.

Fuduto: Hm? A Doll...?

Fuduto: It's pouring out there, so let her in.

Fuduto: Everyone deserves a happy Halloween, human or Doll.

Doll Carer: Please come in.

TAC-50: Thank you, Miss Fuduto.

Fuduto: You're very welcome. The charging port is over there.

Fuduto: There are some Halloween candy on the table, please help yourself if you like.

TAC-50: Sure, thanks again.

Fuduto watches as TAC-50 walks toward the charging port and quietly instructs her Doll carer.

Fuduto: Keep an eye on her. When she's charged up, see her off right away.

Doll Carer: Understood.

Fuduto turns and returns to the other room. She picks up the book that she has just put down.

TAC-50: Um, hello. Is this the port?

Doll Carer: Yes, you may use it.

TAC-50: Right, thanks.

TAC-50 finds the charging port and plugs herself in.

Charging Notification: "In this mansion at the edge of the world..."

Charging Notification: "Phantoms sigh when the night is deep."

Charging Notification: "Stay vigilant, beware of strangers."

Charging Notification: "They speak of legends about a reflection."

Fuduto's hand freezes in the middle of flipping a page at the sound notification.

Doll Carer: Hm? What is with that charging notification?

TAC-50: The latest update released by IOP allows charging notification customizations. Everyone back at base is messing around with theirs.

TAC-50: Why don't you download the update? You might be able to change yours too.

Doll Carer: Let me try!

The Doll carer plugs herself into the update port with excitement.

Doll Carer: Hm, it's a shame, but I don't seem to be eligible for this update...

Doll Carer: Anyway, what's the song that you're using? It sounds really familiar...

TAC-50: It's a song from the musical "Butterfly in a Cocoon" that I love very much.

Doll Carer: Oh, no wonder! Isn't that the song Miss Fuduto is always play—

Fuduto: Ahem.

Doll Carer: Uh, never mind.

TAC-50: Well, the rain isn't letting up, is it...?

Noticing the Doll carer's discomfort, TAC-50 changes the subject politely.

Doll Carer: It was such a cool and dry night, then it just started pouring. The weather has been rather strange lately.

TAC-50: You're right. Who would've thought it would start raining so heavily on my way back...

Doll Carer: Speaking of which, where is your base? I may know a better route for you to get home.

TAC-50: Hm... I will be making a detour first...

TAC-50: To tell you the truth, I was planning to attend a memorial service for my favorite musical actress.

TAC-50 lifts her dripping cape and reveals a carefully protected bouquet.

It's a bunch of red roses in full bloom. The bloody crimson burns vibrantly in the Doll's eyes.

Doll Carer: Red roses? They look wonderful...

Doll Carer: Wait, do humans use red roses for memorial services?

TAC-50: Not in the usual case, but this musical actress had a very strong predilection for red roses.

Fuduto, who is sitting in the study, flinches at TAC-50's remark, but she does not turn her head.

Doll Carer: Could this actress happen to be...

TAC-50: Miss Passadou, best known for her performance in "Butterfly in a Cocoon".

Doll Carer: I knew it. I've heard a lot about Miss Passadou.

Doll Carer: It's such a pity that I never had the chance to watch her perform live. Everyone said she was an exceptional actress.

Doll Carer: Both the musical she starred in and her life story were tragically beautiful...

TAC-50: Indeed. The stage has seen countless musical actors, but only a handful have made their mark in history.

TAC-50: It has been a year after Miss Passadou's death, but many people are still talking about her.

Doll Carer: Really?

Doll Carer: (Sighs) We are hardly up-to-date with these things living in such a remote place. What do people out there talk about her?

Fuduto silently slips over to the doorway of her study, listening intently to TAC-50's reply.

TAC-50: Hm... How should I put it?

Doll Carer: Is it so difficult to explain?

TAC-50: Not exactly... It's just...

TAC-50: I don't really know where to begin...

The Doll carer nods in bemusement. But then she remembers TAC-50's considerate gesture and decides to return the favor by ending this awkward conversation.

Doll Carer: Let's talk about something else. We don't have guests very often, why don't you fill me in on the latest news?

TAC-50: Sure.

Fuduto frowns and finally resolves to come out of the study.

Doll Carer: ...Is there anything you need, ma'am?

Fuduto: For goodness' sake, you see that rain outside? Even a Tactical Doll has to find shelter, God knows how the flowers in the garden will fare.

Doll Carer: Apologies! I'll get them inside right now!

The Doll carer rushes out into the downpour.

Fuduto: What were you two chattering about? I hope I didn't interrupt anything.

TAC-50: Not at all, Miss Fuduto.

TAC-50: We were just talking about Miss Passadou, a musical actress whom I admire very much...

Fuduto: Oh?

TAC-50: Are you also a fan?

TAC-50: Um, this might be a bit impertinent...

TAC-50: But you look very much like Miss Passadou. Are you perhaps a family relation?

Fuduto: Hahaha, no way! She was a star!

Fuduto: You're not the first to note our physical resemblance, but sadly I have neither her grace nor her God-gifted voice.

TAC-50: The moment I saw you, I genuinely hoped that you...

Fuduto: You must really admire this Passadou...

Fuduto: Come, keep me company on this dull, rainy night. It has been a while since we last had guests.

TAC-50: I'd love to! I'm always happy to share what I know about Miss Passadou!

...In Fuduto's room.

The bedroom is furnished as a simple medical ward. TAC-50 can even detect the scent of disinfectant in the air.

TAC-50: Are you ill, Miss Fuduto?

Fuduto: It's nothing serious. The doctor prescribed peace and quiet, that's why I'm here in the middle of nowhere.

TAC-50: I see...

TAC-50 helps Fuduto lie down and carefully props her against her pillows.

Fuduto: Thank you.

TAC-50: Don't mention it. I'm glad to help.

Fuduto: So what were you talking about?

TAC-50: We discussed Miss Passadou's favorite flower, her best-known work...

TAC-50: Hm, and that people are still talking about her after her death.

TAC-50: ...Do you also enjoy musicals, Miss Fuduto?

Fuduto: You can say that.

Fuduto: I don't remember when I got into the genre, but I have watched "Butterfly in a Cocoon".

Fuduto: Your charging notification is an excerpt from one of the songs, isn't it?

TAC-50: That's right, I adore "Butterfly in a Cocoon".

TAC-50: Miss Passadou was absolutely amazing in the role of the wife.

TAC-50: Not only was her singing beautiful, she conveyed all the emotions perfectly in her performance.

Fuduto: I remember it was incredibly difficult to get tickets to her shows back then.

Fuduto: Every single performance was sold out almost immediately.

TAC-50: It was her best work, after all.

TAC-50: People have always been mesmerized by Miss Passadou.

TAC-50: I believe she will endure in the people's memory even in the future.

Fuduto: What makes you so sure? There hasn't been any news about her for a quite a while now, after all...

TAC-50: Are you aware of the fire at the theater on Halloween last year, during Miss Passadou's farewell show?

Fuduto: I've heard about it.

TAC-50: Due to her poor health, Miss Passadou started performing less and less frequently.

TAC-50: Meanwhile, a supporting actress called Jane Doe stood in for her and stole the heart of Mr. Arla – the theater's proprietor and Miss Passadou's husband.

Fuduto: Yes, that was the talk of the town back then.

Fuduto: To completely replace Passadou, this Jane Doe even surgically altered her appearance in Passadou's likeness and plotted her murder.

TAC-50: When poor Miss Passadou found out, she decided to give one last performance, then she would die in the theater at her most beautiful moment.

TAC-50: Unfortunately, Mr. Arla also died in the fire while trying to save his wife. And Jane Doe was never seen again.

Fuduto: Despicable woman.

TAC-50: However, that was what people believed previously.

Fuduto: You mean people now believe differently?

TAC-50: Yeah...

TAC-50: A new version of these events have been circulating recently.

TAC-50: But this new account is complete slander against Miss Passadou and it makes me so angry to hear it...

TAC-50 stares bitterly out the window. The rain leaves delicate streaks of tears on the glass.

Fuduto: ...What are they saying?

Fuduto tries desperately to suppress her emotions, her icy fingertips digging deep into her palms.

...In the abandoned theater.

MDR: Sorry for the wait, people out there watching this stream!

MDR: We have now arrived at our destination—

MDR: The haunted theater!

MDR: Keep the views and likes coming if you're interested!

Type 97S: ...I get that the theater is abandoned and all, but they didn't have to leave these puppets lying around like this, right?

Type 97S: They give me the creeps when it's so dark...

Super SASS: I-I can't shake the feeling that somebody is watching me...

Spitfire: MDR, what did this Jane Doe do afterwards?

MDR: Oh, right! Let's continue with the ghost story.

MDR: So our beautiful and talented Miss Passadou's life at the theater, which had been going swimmingly so far, was ruined.

MDR: She was tormented by her incurable illness and the betrayal of her love...

MDR: Meanwhile, like many clichéd novels, we have a villain – Jane Doe, who is deeply envious of Miss Passadou and seeks to completely replace her.

MDR: The easiest way of replacing someone is...

MDR: To become this person and eliminate her existence.

Spitfire: ...

Type 97S: Wait, what exactly does that mean?

MDR: In Jane Doe's case, since she wished to replace Miss Passadou, she would wear Miss Passadou's face, take everything that belonged to Miss Passadou, then kill her.

Super SASS: ...Was she deliberately re-enacting the story of "Butterfly in a Cocoon"?

Spitfire: It's apparent from Miss Jane Doe's actions that she adored Miss Passadou – she adored her so much she wanted to become her. It's hardly surprising that she would fashion her crime after Miss Passadou's most famous work.

MDR: Well, there's no definite psychoanalysis on Miss Jane Doe.

MDR: "All the world's a stage."

MDR: As Miss Passadou's most famous work, "Butterfly in a Cocoon" is a perfect caricature of her experience.

Type 97S: Are humans capable of completely replicating a person's face? Is that even legal?

MDR: As far as I know, it is only illegal for a Doll to bear close physical resemblance to an existing human, but there is no law that forbids a human from cosmetically altering their appearance based on another human's face.

MDR: Besides, humans have very advanced technology when it comes to cosmetic surgery, though I suppose it's still harder for them to change the way they look compared to us? I'm not too sure either.

MDR: In any case, this Jane Doe found a clinic that was willing to give her Miss Passadou's face, and she underwent the operation.

Spitfire: I have a question – unlike Dolls, wouldn't it take a human a long time to recuperate after undergoing such a radical facial reconstructive surgery?

Spitfire: And this is assuming that the surgery was even successful in the first place. From what I know, this kind of face replacement surgery has an extremely low rate of success.

Type 97S: That's right, she wouldn't be able to work at the theater while she was recovering from the operation.

Type 97S: Her boss would've totally ditched her if she was away for so long...

MDR: Who knows? Perhaps like the doppelgänger in the play, Miss Jane Doe also has special powers?

MDR: Anyway, by the time she returned to the theater, she was already the spitting image of Miss Passadou!

MDR: Even the staff had trouble telling them apart.

Spitfire: I have another question – I just ran a search in the database but there is no record of any woman named Jane Doe.

MDR: That's the freakiest thing about the story!

MDR: Among the survivors of the fire, not a single one remembered a woman called Jane Doe.

MDR: The police only learned of her through Miss Passadou's diary, but they couldn't find any other information about this woman, so nobody knows for sure if there was ever a Jane Doe.

Type 97S: In other words, Miss Jane Doe could've merely been a figment of Miss Passadou's imagination, or she could be an actual being that existed, just like the doppelgänger...

Super SASS: It's totally like "Butterfly in a Cocoon", but in reality...

Spitfire: This makes no sense at all.

MDR: I'll admit it does sound a bit dubious... But if it were entirely logical, it wouldn't have been much of an urban legend, would it?

Type 97S: Did you guys just hear something?

Super SASS: Hear what?

MDR hops onto the stage and presents it to the livestream camera with great gusto.

MDR: You see this, my friends? This is where Miss Passadou used to perform when she was alive!

MDR: Now don't be hasty, I'll show you around!

MDR: If you're enjoying this stream, remember to smash that subscribe button! Muah! ❤

Type 97S: Hey, MDR, I don't think it's a good idea to mess with the stuff in here...

Super SASS: She's right...

MDR: Don't sweat it! The place is deserted anyway!

MDR: I wonder if this piano even works...

MDR walks over to the old and battered piano in the corner. She lifts the lid and randomly pushes a key.

A gust of chilly wind blows through the auditorium.

In the blink of an eye, the charred theater is completely restored to its previous splendor.

The curtains slowly rises, revealing an empty stage.

Type 97S: Hey, what the hell did you do?!

MDR: What's going on? Are we in a different place?

Super SASS: Go easy on my arm, Miss MDR!

Spitfire: That's...

A graceful woman walks out onto the stage from the wing, delicate and colorful petals swirling gently around her.

Type 97S: Who's that?

Super SASS: She's lovely...

MDR: Hold on! Isn't that—

???: "Think of me, think of me fondly..."

???: "When we've said goodbye."

Type 97S: MDR, explain!

Super SASS: Miss MDR! Miss MDR, what's the matter with you?

MDR trembles silently, as if she had taken a heavy blow.

???: "Remember me, once in a while..."

???: "Please promise me you'll try."

Spitfire: That's Miss Passadou.

Type 97S: WHAAAT?!

Super SASS: But isn't she supposed to be...

Passadou: "When you find..."

Passadou: "That once again you long to take your heart back and be free..."

Passadou: "If you ever find a moment..."

Passadou: "Spare a thought for me."

The empty auditorium erupts in fervent applause.

Type 97S: AAAAAAAAAHHHHH! It's actually haunted!!!!

Type 97S: Leg it!!!

Super SASS: Miss 97S! That's a wall!

MDR: AAAAHHHH! Help!!!

Super SASS: Miss MDR!

Spitfire: ...Have you never seen a hologram?

Spitfire frowns and makes her way over to Passadou, who is singing passionately...and walks right through her.

Spitfire: Stop dashing about like crazy bulls. It's just a projection.

All of a sudden, the scene around them shifts again.

Spitfire can even feel a warm and fragrant breeze blowing in her face.

Passadou lifts her skirts and walks into the flowerbed.

The hemline of her dress brushes against the small, delicate flowers as morning dew clings onto the fabric.

Passadou: ...Do you know who my idol is?

Spitfire: ...

Super SASS: N-no.

MDR: Holyyyy crap... The ghost is talking to me!

Type 97S: AAAAAHHHH! RUN!!!

Passadou: It's Eva Friedel, once known as the "Diva of the Century".

Passadou: She was an opera singer, so not exactly like me, but she's still someone I want to become.

Passadou: One day, I will also live on in people's memory as a Diva.

Passadou: Even when my body is no more, my spirit will endure for eternity.

Spitfire: ...

Spitfire: Eva Friedel, huh?

Passadou: Until that day, you will always be with me, won't you?

Passadou smiles dazzlingly at the Dolls.

Type 97S' eyes roll back into her head and she collapses like a felled log.

MDR: AAAAAAH! LET ME OUTTA HERE!

Spitfire: (Sighs) Looks like these two won't chill until we shut down this holographic projection...

Super SASS: Is there anything I can do to help?

Spitfire: Good. Keep an eye on the surroundings for me, SASS.

Spitfire: I'm hacking the control system to see who's behind this.

Super SASS: No problem, leave it to me!
Part 2: Side: Reminiscence

    2chevron_right

...In Fuduto's collection room, inside the isolated sanatorium.

Fuduto: Nobody will overhear our conversation. You may continue. What exactly are people saying about Passadou?

TAC-50: Wow...

The room is ornately furnished. The ceiling is decorated in painted frescoes; heavy and luxurious curtains are draped along the windows, their tassels fluttering lightly in the breeze above the marble floor.

Several imposing display cabinets stand in a row along the wall, filled with a plethora of custom china dolls and puppets as well as other merchandise related to Passadou.

Next to the cabinets is an intricately carved solid-wood wardrobe. TAC-50, utterly mesmerized, opens the wardrobe in a daze.

Fuduto: What are you doing?!

TAC-50: These are all costumes that Miss Passadou wore in her performances! You actually bought them all!

The fragrance of roses wafts out from the open wardrobe, which is full of Miss Passadou's costumes, all hung up carefully in transparent protective garment bags.

A long, snowy white dress with colorful feathers sewn onto the skirts; an extravagant court dress embroidered with precious gems; a soft and plain work dress of a village peasant girl...

Fuduto: Enough! Not even Tactical Dolls have the right to rummage through other people's belongings without permission!

Fuduto angrily shuts the wardrobe and turns around, only to see TAC-50's face brimming with a mixture of excitement, elation, and distaste.

TAC-50: Sorry, that was incredibly rude of me. I just couldn't contain myself when I first entered this room with traces of Miss Passadou in every corner. You really are an ardent admirer of Miss Passadou.

Fuduto: Now answer my question before my patience runs out.

TAC-50: Right, you wish to know what people have been saying about Miss Passadou lately?

TAC-50: My guess is that the industry has been trying to pave the way for new musical actors to make their debuts, but then they figured that Miss Passadou's legacy was stealing too much attention, so they hired a bunch of trolls to drag her name through the mud.

TAC-50: You know how fierce the competition is in the entertainment industry...

Fuduto: I know, this isn't all that uncommon.

TAC-50: Miss Passadou was such a legend and had always been very popular. Any actors who want to make a name for themselves would perceive her as an obstacle to overcome.

TAC-50: It's also very appalling how apart from the few of us loyal fans, nobody would stand up and defend Miss Passadou after she and her husband passed away.

Fuduto: ...

Fuduto: Is that why they have been spreading nasty rumors?

TAC-50: Jane Doe, who has been trying to replace Miss Passadou, was very meticulous and thorough. Other than Miss Passadou's own diary, she left no traces of her existence.

TAC-50: They use this to argue that there was never a Jane Doe to begin with, that it was all fabricated by Miss Passadou...

Fuduto: Haha...

TAC-50: They even say that Miss Passadou was not the gentle and refined lady that she was reputed to be, but a vain and selfish woman.

TAC-50: After she married Mr. Arla, she started tormenting him in all sorts of ways, making his life a living hell.

TAC-50: Then because of her illness and inability to take the stage, she knew that she would soon lose her worth, so she painted this dazzling image of herself, then destroyed everything...

Fuduto: Hahaha, how absurd! This is absolutely ludicrous!

Fuduto: How could anyone believe such a nonsensical story?!

TAC-50: That's exactly what I think! Miss Passadou couldn't have been such a villain!

TAC-50: I've tried to point out that these were just baseless rumors, but I have no conclusive evidence to prove them wrong, and people are always eager to believe preposterous things...

Fuduto: ...

Fuduto starts pacing restlessly around the room.

TAC-50: Miss Fuduto? Please don't be mad...

TAC-50: I know we are all that Miss Passadou has left, but we WILL think of a way to clear her name.

Fuduto: ...Where did you see these rumors? Let me read them.

TAC-50: Alright, one second.

TAC-50 brings up the online forum that she frequents.

TAC-50: ...Are you sure you want to read them?

TAC-50: Some of the posts are pretty outrageous...

Fuduto: Show me.

Fuduto tears the tablet out of TAC-50's hands and starts poring over the forum posts.

Forum Homepage: "BREAKING NEWS! The truth behind the theater fire a year ago rediscovered..."

Forum Homepage: "Angel or Demon? Delving Deep into Passadou's Psyche..."

Forum Homepage: "Passadou, who vengefully burned down the theater due to her husband's extramarital affair, might have been schizophrenic?!"

Forum Homepage: "Revelation of the Passadou Incident – How to spot a woman with two faces?"

Fuduto scrolls through all the posts wordlessly, her veins throbbing on her forehead.

TAC-50: I've been posting information about Miss Passadou on many forums, trying to prove what kind of person she really was.

TAC-50: But there is nothing I can do when it comes to Miss Jane Doe...

Fuduto: ...

TAC-50: Today is the anniversary for Miss Passadou's death, the fan club was going to organize a memorial service.

TAC-50: But because of these rumors, a lot of the fans have withdrawn their membership, and the event fell through.

Fuduto: Those who forsake Passadou so easily don't deserve to be called fans.

TAC-50: True, these rumors are a touchstone that separates the true fans from the false ones.

TAC-50: But there's also no denying that they have dealt a huge blow to the fan club, and we grow even more feeble in our support for Miss Passadou...

TAC-50: If only we can find some kind of conclusive evidence that can completely debunk these slanders...

TAC-50 suddenly beholds Fuduto with an intense gaze.

TAC-50: Miss Fuduto, you must have some notable connections to be able to collect so many of Miss Passadou's personal possessions.

TAC-50: Surely you can help us salvage Miss Passadou's reputation?

Fuduto: Let me think...

With her brow deeply furrowed, Fuduto debates with herself in silence.

TAC-50 waits quietly.

Fuduto: Sorry, I'm just a private collector; I don't really have any evidence that can help you, but I have some friends working in theater. Maybe they—

TAC-50: It's no use.

TAC-50: I've tried everything.

Fuduto: ...

Fuduto: Then just bribe—

TAC-50 flings open the wardrobe doors.

TAC-50: A few days ago, I watched a performance given by a new actress.

TAC-50 points toward the long white dress inside the wardrobe.

TAC-50: She was wearing a dress that looked exactly like this one and copying Miss Passadou's singing technique.

TAC-50: The audience was completely captivated by her voice, as if they'd forgotten all about Miss Passadou.

Fuduto: ...

TAC-50: I was the only one who was livid. Only I remembered Miss Passadou's spectacular performance...

TAC-50: If we keep letting people sully her legacy, very soon nobody will remember her at all...

TAC-50: She will be just like these lovely dresses – left to rot away in a dark and silent closet.

TAC-50: Even if you refresh the rose sachet every day, there is no covering up the smell of decay that permeates the very fibers of the costumes.

Fuduto: ...

Fuduto's clenches her fists tightly around the hem of her shirt as she struggles to suppress her boiling fury.

TAC-50: If you're okay with that, I'll say no more.

TAC-50: I understand that not everyone will bother to fight to the bitter end for a loved one who's dead. After all, the dead is dead, while the living have to get on with their lives.

TAC-50: But sadly, as a Doll, I've been programmed to "persist in carrying out an objective".

TAC-50: That's why I will keep fighting to protect Miss Passadou's legacy until the day I cease to function.

Fuduto stares at TAC-50, speechless.

Fuduto: Hold on.

She bends down and drags out a small box from beneath the wardrobe.

Then she opens it with a key that she keeps on her person...

TAC-50: What's in there?

Fuduto: A private photograph of Passadou. I paid a great sum to acquire it.

TAC-50 takes the photo gingerly.

The image shows Passadou and Arla snuggled up against each other, their smiles tender and sweet.

Standing next to Passadou is an unfamiliar woman with a bashful smile.

TAC-50 studies her face silently for a while.

Fuduto: That woman in the photo is Jane Doe.

TAC-50: Miss Jane Doe allegedly had her appearance surgically altered in Miss Passadou's likeness.

TAC-50: So this was her original appearance?

Fuduto: That's right.

TAC-50: But how can you prove this woman is Miss Jane Doe?

Fuduto: ...

TAC-50: Let me rephrase that question – how do you know this woman is Miss Jane Doe?

TAC-50: After all, apart from Miss Passadou's diary, there was no record of this woman whatsoever.

Fuduto: I know, because I am Jane Doe.

TAC-50: ...

Jane Doe?: Don't look at me like that, Doll.

Jane Doe?: I never intended to murder Passadou. I just...

Jane Doe?: I just envied her so much I wanted to become her.

Jane Doe?: But I failed. Passadou pronounced my utter failure with her death.

TAC-50: ...

Jane Doe?: I've noticed. You've been scrutinizing my face because you've spotted the tell-tale surgical scars.

Jane Doe?: There's no hiding even the tiniest detail from you damnable Dolls.

Jane Doe?: I should never have let you in. You've suspected me right from the start, haven't you?

Jane Doe?: A woman who lives in seclusion, who highly resembles Passadou and even possesses so many of her belongings...

Jane Doe?: I might as well have written my name on my forehead!

TAC-50: Why are you suddenly...

Jane Doe?: Because you're absolutely right. I cannot just stand by and let these fools ruin Passadou's good name.

Jane Doe?: Even if it means exposing myself.

Jane Doe?: I've spent years trying to become Passadou. She is practically my alter ego at this point.

TAC-50: What about Mr. Arla? Was he part of your plan of becoming Miss Passadou?

Jane Doe?: ...

Jane Doe?: I made a mistake that all women are susceptible to making – I fell in love with a man whom I shouldn't.

Jane Doe?: But I swear, I never even dreamed of killing Passadou.

Jane Doe?: For her, I am willing to come forward and prove my existence.

TAC-50: But in exchange?

Jane Doe?: You must not reveal my whereabouts.

Jane Doe?: I have already paid for my sins and lost everything. Right now, I only wish to live out the rest of my life in peace.

TAC-50: ...

Jane Doe?: Well? Is this deal not good enough for you?

TAC-50: Such wonderful rhetoric. Such a subtle shift in emotion.

TAC-50: You really are a brilliant actress. You got into character with a snap of the fingers, and you articulated her emotions to the point of perfection.

Jane Doe?: What do you mean?

TAC-50 slowly walks up to the woman.

TAC-50: I knew from the moment I walked through the door. You are neither Miss Fuduto nor Miss Jane Doe.

TAC-50: You are Miss Passadou herself.

(Thunder)

The pale lightning shines a brief spotlight on the two troubled faces.

...

Passadou: "We never said our love was evergreen..."

Passadou: "Or as unchanging as the sea."

Passadou: "But if you can still remember..."

Passadou: "Stop and think of me."

Passadou's eyes glisten with tears. She stumbles into the darkness as she hums on...

Until her figure finally vanishes.

...In the abandoned theater, after the commotion dies down.

Spitfire: It's over.

Super SASS: Miss MDR, you may come out from under the chairs...

MDR: ...Is Miss Passadou gone?

Super SASS: Yes, Miss Spitfire has shut down the control system.

Super SASS: Miss 97S! Wake up!

Type 97S jumps to her feet, her face still wrought with fear.

Super SASS: Miss 97S... It's over.

Type 97S: Where's Miss Passadou?!

Spitfire: Gone.

Super SASS: That was just a hologram...

MDR: So the truth behind this haunted theater is nothing but a control system gone haywire?

MDR: How anti-climatic...

Type 97S: Who was screaming their head off just minutes ago...?

MDR: Weren't you also—

Spitfire: I'm afraid it isn't that simple.

MDR: What? Is she back again?

Spitfire: When I hacked the control system, I came across a modified system log.

Spitfire: The time of modification just so happened to be exactly a year ago.

Super SASS: Huh?! Could it be related to the fire?

Spitfire: It might not have caused the fire, but it could still be relevant...

Spitfire: The modification was logged about 15 minutes after the fire broke out. A Domestic Doll with the model number AH400 uploaded her neural data to the control system through the network in an attempt to take over the control system AI.

Spitfire: But the data transfer was terminated.

Super SASS: What could have terminated the process?

Spitfire: I think MDR is the only one here who knows what really happened in the theater during the fire.

Spitfire: MDR, any ideas?

MDR: Hold on, an AH400 Domestic Doll? Isn't that a really obsolete model?

MDR: Besides, no Doll was involved in the entire Passadou incident...

Type 97S: I remember theaters are banned from hiring Dolls as actors.

Super SASS: Is that so?

Spitfire: MDR, finish the story.

MDR: No problem! I might have some ideas after I'm done with it.

MDR resumes her livestream.

MDR: Hello again! Welcome back to the stream!

MDR: Sorry for the interruption, we were too busy running from a ghost.

MDR: Now let us continue with the story about this paranormal theater...

MDR: As mentioned previously, Miss Jane Doe underwent cosmetic surgery and now resembled Miss Passadou so much that nobody could tell them apart.

Type 97S: I'm gonna take a short nap. Wake me up when MDR is done with her blathering.

Super SASS: Huh? Miss 97S...?

MDR: Mr. Arla, who was torn between the two women, was now resolute in his infidelity to his wife!

MDR: It's undoubtedly true that Mr. Arla was once deeply in love with Miss Passadou. He loved her for her enthralling beauty, her exceptional talent...

MDR: But as Miss Passadou's illness grew more serious, she became more temperamental; coupled with the financial losses caused by her canceled performances, the couple drifted further and further apart.

MDR: That was when Miss Jane Doe came into the picture. She was gentle, gracious, understanding – she thawed Mr. Arla's frozen heart...

Spitfire: SASS, call me when she gets to the point. I'm having a look around.

Type 97S: Wait, I'm coming too.

Super SASS: Uh...

SASS looks back at MDR, who's enthusiastically babbling at her livestream camera.

Super SASS: Miss MDR... Forgive me!

SASS runs off and catches up with Spitfire and Type 97S.

...Backstage.

Spitfire turns on MDR's livestream. With MDR's long-winded narration playing in the background, the trio starts exploring the bowels of the theater.

Type 97S: Spitfire, you think the D-Doll is still here?

Super SASS: Huh?! So she's still alive...?

Spitfire: I'm not certain, I just find it odd that there was no mention of any Domestic Doll in the news coverage of the theater fire.

Spitfire: According to the reports, the fire was at its worst when it had been burning for 20 minutes.

Spitfire: I don't think a D-Doll could break into the theater and escape unscathed within this time frame.

Type 97S: And here I thought you were onto something. What human press would give a damn about a D-Doll's fate?

Type 97S: Grifchan is the only place where you can find the occasional posts about D-Dolls.

Spitfire: It doesn't matter if no one else cares, we as Dolls must never lose empathy for our own kind.

Spitfire: Or our destruction would not be far off.

Type 97S: Why so serious all of a sudden?

Type 97S: Of course I care about the Doll, or I wouldn't have followed you.

Super SASS: That's right. I wonder if the Doll is still in the theater...

Super SASS: She must have only broken into the theater and put herself in such danger for something extremely important...

Type 97S: What could be so important that it couldn't wait?

Spitfire: Maybe she was trying to save somebody...for example, Miss Passadou...

Super SASS: Huh?!

MDR: It's a well-known fact that before meeting Mr. Arla, Miss Passadou had always been living on her own.

MDR: This kind of single women tend to be very strong and independent; they are self-reliant and do not like to rely on other people.

MDR: So even when Miss Passadou started having problems, she would rather tough it out on her own than trouble Mr. Arla.

MDR: But Miss Jane Doe was the exact opposite. She was not afraid to confide in Mr. Arla, and she genuinely looked up to him.

Live Chat: Why do I have the feeling that Miss Passadou was the kind to rely on others for everything...?

Live Chat: I agree! If you watch the documentary about her, her cooking tips were a load of crap.

Live Chat: She was also kind of a bitch to Arla when they were being interviewed together!

MDR: Ahem, in any case, Mr. Arla was initially very torn between Miss Passadou and Miss Jane Doe.

MDR: But when Miss Jane Doe physically transformed herself into Miss Passadou, he lost his last shred of reason...

MDR: If the original Passadou disappeared without a trace, then Miss Jane Doe could take her place...

MDR: And "Miss Passadou" would keep on being Mr. Arla's loving wife, while the phenomenal voice of "Miss Passadou" would once again bring life to the theater.

Live Chat: What a heinous plan!

Live Chat: Mr. Arla seemed like such an honest man, I can't imagine him doing such a thing!

MDR: Miss Passadou soon became aware of Mr. Arla and Miss Jane Doe's affair.

MDR: But she also had a plan of her own...

A sudden breeze sends MDR's cape fluttering.

MDR: Did somebody say something?

MDR: SASS?

MDR: Spitfire?

MDR: Type 97S?

MDR: Wait a minute! Where is everybody?!

Spitfire: I'm guessing that the Doll that broke into the theater during the fire was here to rescue Miss Passadou.

Spitfire: It could be a Domestic Doll that Miss Passadou and Mr. Arla purchased after they got married.

Super SASS: But the AH400 came out years ago...

Super SASS: They weren't married for that long.

Type 97S: MDR was just saying that Miss Passadou had always lived alone...

MDR: Miss Passadou soon became aware of Mr. Arla and Miss Jane Doe's affair.

MDR: But she also had a plan of her own...

MDR's livestream is cut off all of a sudden.

Spitfire: ...She got disconnected.

Type 97S: Why does she always leave us hanging?!

Type 97S: What was Miss Passadou planning?! Why can't she just get on with it?!

Super SASS: Patience, Miss 97S...

Spitfire: It might just be bad reception. Let's keep looking.

Type 97S: There's nothing here! Just black soot and burnt stuff that looks super creepy...

Super SASS: All that's left in Miss Passadou's room is an empty wardrobe...

Spitfire: You're right, there isn't much to be found here. Let's try our luck in the props storage room.

The three Dolls head deeper into the backstage area.

A few minutes later, a panicking MDR rushes backstage.

MDR: SASS! Spitfire! Type 97S!

MDR: Where are you? Stop hiding, I'm not falling for it...

No response.

MDR: Did they disappear one by one while I was busy with the livestream?

MDR: Then I'll be next...

MDR: No... C'mon, answer my call!

In the dead silence, someone lets out a sigh.

MDR: W-who's there?!

...

MDR: Type 97S! Are you trying to scare me?!

MDR: Stop it! Just come out!

...

MDR: D-don't try to run! I'm coming for you!

Following the sound, MDR charges into the darkness.

...In the props storage room.

Many of the props that used to be stored here are nowhere to be found. Supply crates donated by Griffin are stacked tidily, though they are now empty.

Type 97S: Nothing here either...

Super SASS: I wouldn't call it nothing. At least we now know that Miss Kalina's charity event was genuine...

Super SASS: She said she was collecting donations to help with the renovation works of a nearby theater, and she actually delivered the supplies that we'd donated.

Type 97S: That IS surprising...

Spitfire: But it would seem that the remains of the Domestic Doll were cleared away after the fire.

Type 97S: I hope they treated the body with due respect.

Type 97S: It's very admirable for an antique D-Doll to risk her life to save her mistress...

Super SASS: I hope they fixed her up...

Spitfire: Something's not right.

Super SASS: What is it?

Spitfire replays segments of MDR's livestream.

Spitfire: I have a bold speculation regarding the identity of this D-Doll.

...In Miss Passadou's room.

MDR: Come on out! How long are we gonna keep playing hide-and-seek?

...

MDR: ...I heard you! You're hiding in here, aren't you?

MDR flings the wardrobe doors wide open, but it is completely empty.

MDR: Ha, you're pretty good at hiding, I'll give you that! I bet you're behind this wardrobe!

MDR gives the wardrobe a strong shove.

A hidden chamber is revealed.

Under the dim light, she sees a Doll lying in the corner of the chamber.

MDR: Type 97S, is that you? So you're taking a nap here?

MDR: Where are SASS and Spitfire?

MDR relaxes. She walks up to the Doll and gives her a shake.

The Doll does not respond.

MDR: Wow, she's sleeping like the dead.

(Thunderclap)

The flash of lightning illuminates the Doll next to MDR.

She has a charred and unfamiliar face. Her shattered body is wrapped in rags that used to be a long dress.

MDR: AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH—

Spitfire: I suspect that this D-Doll was the so-called Miss Jane Doe.

Type 97S: Huh?! How's that possible?

Type 97S: How could a Doll compete for a role against a human actress?!

Super SASS: But this would explain how Miss Jane Doe ended up having Miss Passadou's face...

Type 97S: But isn't it illegal for a Doll to have her face constructed in the likeness of a specific human?

Type 97S: If I remember correctly, it's a felony...

Spitfire: That's why she couldn't let anyone know what she'd done, except for Miss Passadou and Mr. Arla.

Spitfire: This would also explain why nobody at the theater seemed to remember her.

Spitfire: Because they had never even met Jane Doe. Or should I say, they didn't know she was Jane Doe when they met her.

Super SASS: But in that case, Miss Passadou must've known Miss Jane Doe since the beginning...

Type 97S: Because she planned the whole thing...

AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH—

The stifling air is broken by MDR's horrific scream.

Super SASS: That's Miss MDR!

Type 97S: Has Miss Passadou returned?!

Spitfire: It's coming from the other end of the corridor!

Super SASS: Miss MDR!

Super SASS: We're coming!

...

Type 97S: MDR!

Super SASS: Miss MDR!

The three Dolls sprint into the newly-revealed chamber and find MDR huddled in a corner, her face contorted with fear.

They follow her gaze and find the remains of a Doll sprawled on the floor.

MDR: (Whimpers) It-it's a Doll!!!

Super SASS: ...

Type 97S: ...MDR, you're an embarrassment to Griffin!

Spitfire approaches the remains and starts inspecting them intently.

Spitfire: A Type-AH400 Domestic Doll. Looks like we've found our Miss Jane Doe.

MDR: W-what? This Doll is Miss Jane Doe?

Super SASS: Miss Spitfire has a working hypothesis that Miss Jane Doe was a Doll that belonged to Miss Passadou.

Super SASS: Since Miss Passadou was too ill to perform, she had her Doll illegally modified to perform in her place.

Super SASS: But why would Miss Jane Doe be here?

Spitfire: What if it was Miss Jane Doe who was performing on stage on the day of the fire?

Type 97S: Gosh, this is getting weirder and weirder!

MDR: Then where was Miss Passadou?! Hold on, this is totally messing with my head...

Spitfire: MDR, what exactly happened on the day of the fire?

MDR: Let me try to think this through. In the most widely-known version of the events, Miss Passadou found out about Mr. Arla and Miss Jane Doe's conspiracy.

MDR: So she decided to commit suicide in the theater – a place that meant a lot to both her and her husband.

MDR: During one of her solo numbers, she set the stage ablaze.

MDR: Seeing that the plan was falling apart, Miss Jane Doe took off immediately. Mr. Arla, on the other hand, suddenly regretted what he had done and tried to rescue Miss Passadou.

MDR: The audience and the backstage crew all fled the scene, but there was no sign of Miss Passadou or Mr. Arla.

Spitfire: Stop. Try to substitute Miss Passadou with Miss Jane Doe.

MDR: ...Miss Jane Doe set the stage ablaze while she was performing, and Mr. Arla tried to save her.

MDR: The audience and the backstage crew all fled the scene, but there was no sign of Miss Jane Doe or Mr. Arla.

MDR: I mean, this does match the narrative...but what about Miss Passadou?

Type 97S: ...Are D-Dolls capable of injuring humans?

Super SASS: I-I don't think so...

Spitfire: Right now, everything is just pure conjecture.

Spitfire: We need to access her neural cloud, then we'll find out what really happened.

MDR: Brilliant idea!

MDR: So guys, all of you who are still watching!

MDR: We have made some new discoveries regarding an incident that everyone thought was resolved!

MDR: We stumbled across the remains of a Doll in a hidden chamber within the theater!

MDR: What was she doing here? Was she the missing Miss Jane Doe? How was she involved in the Passadou incident?

MDR: Stay tuned! Join us as we venture deep into her neural cloud!
Part 2: Memory Fragment 1

2

Passadou: Doll, I've had enough of practice for today.

Passadou: Let's go on a little trip somewhere.

???: Sure, ma'am. Where would you like to go?

Passadou: Hm... How much do we have left in this month's budget?

Passadou: Check where we can afford to go without breaking the bank.

???: ...

???: I just ran a quick search. I believe the park nearby is the only option that is within our budget...

Passadou: ...

Passadou: (Sighs) I knew it...

???: Don't be sad, ma'am. I hear that your favorite roses are in full bloom in the park right now.

Passadou: Nonsense. How could there be any roses at this time of the year?

???: Uh... Actually, I have been experimenting with different ways of cultivating roses.

???: I succeeded in making roses bloom during fall, so you can still see them even though it is past summer.

???: Perhaps that will cheer you up...

Passadou: ...That's nice.

???: Finally, a smile! Let's go! To the park!
Part 3: Memory Fragment 2

3

???: It is late. Will you not go to bed?

Passadou: ...I can't sleep.

Passadou: I have an audition at the theater tomorrow. If they don't cast me...

???: Hm... Would you like to hear a bedtime story?

???: I made it up myself.

Passadou: Sure, go ahead.

???: Once upon a time, in a kingdom far, far away, an old king finally welcomes his very first child.

???: It is a beautiful little princess. She has the face of an angel. Everyone loves her, dotes on her, and they watch over her carefully.

???: However, this has made a powerful witch jealous, so she places a curse on the princess which will bring misfortune to everyone around her.

???: Unless her parents are willing to forgo their riches and power and live with her in the wilderness for ten years.

Passadou: ...What happened then?

???: After mulling over his choices for many days, the king decides to give up the little princess. He orders a towering castle to be built in the wilderness.

???: Then he sends his most capable soldiers to escort the princess to the castle, where she will live in isolation.

???: The soldiers guard the castle day and night. Other than delivering her daily necessities, they never speak a word to her.

Passadou: Poor little princess...

???: The days pass. As the little princess continues to grow, so does the hatred in her heart.

???: A demon takes advantage of the cracks in her pure soul and takes up residence in her mind.

???: With the demon whispering in her ear, her hatred slithers along the vines on the castle wall all the way to the ground, where it grabs hold of the soldiers' ankles...

Passadou: She kills them all?

???: The princess' resentment slowly transforms the soldiers into minions of the demon.

???: The venerable knights have become 【Demonic Knights】, while their brave and noble horses have turned into 【Demonic Steeds】.

???: But even so, they never forget their one and only mission—

???: Guard the castle and protect the princess.

Passadou: What about the king? Isn't he going to do something about it?

???: When the king learns of what has happened, he issues a notice to all the heroes out there.

???: He announces that while the princess is recuperating from an illness in her castle, a demon has taken her hostage. He promises to reward any hero who can slay the demon and save his daughter.

???: Word spread fast, and heroes far and wide eagerly race toward the castle towering in the wilderness...

Passadou: ...How does the story end?

???: I have not come up with the ending yet. How do you think the story should end?

Passadou: In the end, the heroes kill all the demonic minions. Even the princess, who has turned into a demon herself, dies by a hero's sword.

Passadou: The heroes comb through the wilderness, but the princess is nowhere to be found.

Passadou: They surmise that she has chosen to sacrifice herself in defiance of the demon.

Passadou: The king rewards the hero who slew the demon, and the princess' beauty passes into legend...

???: ...That might just be the perfect ending.
Part 4: Memory Fragment 3

4

???: ...You must not be so distressed in your condition!

Passadou: Leave me alone!

???: Ma'am...

Passadou: Get lost! Who do you think you are?! Who are you to tell me what to do?!

Arla: Please, don't be like this... I'm just trying to help...

Passadou: Help? You fuss over me with your forced sympathy, but you don't actually understand my suffering!

Passadou: I've had enough of your hypocritical, condescending "good husband" act!

Arla: ...

Arla: Doll, keep an eye on her. I'm going.

???: ...Ma'am, would you like something to eat?

Passadou: You get out of my sight as well! I don't want to see you!

???: ...

Passadou: What...

Passadou: What gives you the right to be forever young, forever healthy?!

Passadou: While I can only watch myself wither away day by day?!

???: ...

Passadou: My life has barely even started!!!

Passadou: Why must I suffer so?!

???: ...

Passadou: An invalid like me...will never become a diva!

Passadou: I will be soon forgotten!

Passadou: Then I will shrivel into an old hag and be left to rot in this ward!

???: No! I will never let that happen!
Part 5: Memory Fragment 4

5

Passadou: "I remember there was mist..."

Passadou: "Swirling mist upon a vast glassy lake."

Passadou: "There were candles all around..."

Passadou: "And on the lake there was a boat..."

Passadou: "And in the boat there was a man."

???: ...

???: "Who was that shape in the shadows?

???: "Whose is the face in the mask?"

Passadou: ...

Passadou: The theater is just as lively today. I wonder who's performing?

Passadou: Looks like everyone has clean forgotten about me...

???: Ma'am...

Passadou: No one will remember me... I am destined to drift into obscurity...

Passadou: My regret...is immeasurable...

???: At least...I will remember you forever...
Part 6: Memory Fragment 5

6

Passadou: Doll, sing a snippet from "Butterfly in a Cocoon".

???: ...Yes, ma'am.

???: "In this mansion at the edge of the world..."

???: "Phantoms sigh when the night is deep."

???: "Stay vigilant, beware of strangers."

???: "They speak of legends about a reflection."

Passadou: Do you think it can be done?

???: No problem, madam.

???: It's quite an old model, but I should be able to upgrade her vocal module to the newest one in the market.

???: The face goes without saying. What could be easier than changing the face of a Doll?

???: Who is this, ma'am?

Passadou: Alright, we'll proceed with your plan.

Passadou: Inform me the moment you have all the necessary parts.

???: Certainly, madam.

???: Ma'am...

Passadou: This is wonderful... Hahahahaha...

???: ...

Passadou: I was such a fool. Why didn't I think of this earlier?

Passadou: If you wear my face and sing with my voice, people will believe it's me on stage...

Passadou: So long as I keep performing in the theater, I will not be forgotten...

???: Ma'am, I...

Passadou: Shut up! Just do as I say. If anything goes wrong...

Passadou: You know the consequences.

???: ...
Part 7: Memory Fragment 6

7

???: ...Mr. Arla?

Arla: Passadou, what are you do—

Arla: Oh, you're the Doll. You gave me quite a scare.

???: How may I be of service?

Arla: Don't worry about it, I just need a moment to myself.

Arla: This is the only place where I can have some peace and quiet in the entire house.

???: ...

???: Things have not been easy for Miss Passadou... She has to wrestle with both her illness and her inner demons...

Arla: Nobody has it easy! Without her, ticket sales at the box office have plummeted! And I need to put up with her crazy temper when I'm home!

Arla: Things aren't easy for me either! I wish I also had a shoulder to cry on!

Arla: ...

Arla: Has she been taking her meds today?

???: Yes, Mr. Arla...

Arla: Sometimes I think about just leaving everything behind and starting afresh somewhere else.

Arla: But then I remember that not only is she deathly ill, she has also lost the stage, which was her pride and joy...

Arla: Otherwise I wouldn't stay and be her punching bag!

???: Miss Passadou really needs you right now.

Arla: You think I don't know? I know better than anyone else...

Arla: If I leave now, she will most probably lose it altogether.

Arla: She has always been a proud woman—

Passadou: You treacherous bastards! What were you two doing behind the closed door?!

???: Ma'am!

Arla: Passadou, we...

Passadou: You whore! You're just a Doll! You've already stolen my career, are you trying to steal my husband as well?!

???: N-no!

Passadou: I'm telling you! I would rather have everything I own turn to ash than hand it over to you!

Passadou: You think you can become me simply because you have my face and my voice?!

Passadou: Fat chance! You are nothing but a lowly Doll, a pile of electronic junk slapped together with metal scraps!

Passadou: Passadou is the very symbol of grace and beauty! Her voice is destined to endure for eternity!

Passadou: Her song will echo through time and space, forever and ever!
Part 8: Side: Trackless Tears

    8chevron_right

...In Passadou's sanatorium.

TAC-50: A whole year has passed since Halloween.

TAC-50: I've been searching high and low for you.

Passadou: ...

TAC-50: Your illness is incurable, but you seem to be doing pretty well at the moment. Looks like the country air has done you well.

Passadou: What are you getting at?

TAC-50: You have Lou Gehrig's disease, don't you?

Passadou blanches immediately and her eyes harden.

Passadou: That's none of your business.

TAC-50: A disease that humans can't cure. The patient can only watch as their own muscles gradually waste away; they may even start having difficulties breathing...

TAC-50: Such an illness is certainly fatal to a musical actress' career.

Passadou: I would like you to leave at once! I have nothing more to say to you.

TAC-50: Miss Passadou, I believe we are both suffering from the same affliction.

Passadou: What, Dolls can also get ALS? You must be joking!

TAC-50: No, what I mean is that we have both lost someone very dear to us in that fire.

Passadou: What do you mean?

TAC-50: You lost your beloved husband.

TAC-50: A very dear friend of mine also died in the fire.

Passadou: There was only one casualty in that fire. I don't know who your friend...

TAC-50 watches coldly as dread fills Passadou.

TAC-50: Have you really forgotten, or are you simply too afraid to remember?

Passadou: ...I don't know what you're talking about.

TAC-50: That's alright, I'll explain it all to you.

Passadou opens the window. She cannot find her Doll carer through the sheets of rain outside.

Passadou: ...Where is my Doll?

TAC-50: It's Halloween. Everyone deserves a proper holiday, even Dolls.

TAC-50: Isn't that what you said?

The Doll carer, who is in forced shutdown, is standing motionlessly at the door, a pot of drenched flowers in her arms.

Passadou: ...

TAC-50: Then I shall begin my story.

TAC-50: Let's start with my Doll friend.

TAC-50: She was an ordinary Type-AH400 Domestic Doll, a pretty obsolete model by today's standards.

TAC-50: A few years ago, I met her on my way back to base after I completed a mission.

TAC-50: AH400 was very endearing. She worshiped her mistress; she couldn't go two sentences without bringing her up.

Passadou: ...

TAC-50: Coincidentally, AH400's mistress was a musical actress.

...Several years ago, on a busy street.

TAC-50: ...Then I commanded Maple Moon to swipe the key, and the guy didn't even notice!

AH400: Hahahahaha...

AH400: Your missions are always so exhilarating!

AH400: They're certainly a lot more exciting than doing household chores every day like me...

TAC-50: But you're also amazing! You can make such delicious meals without using any maple syrup!

AH400: It's not that big of a deal... It's just a small dessert...

TAC-50: Your fruit tarts are as tasty as ever! ♪

TAC-50: If they start selling these in the cafeteria back at Griffin, I doubt I'd even get to clap eyes on them before they're all sold out.

AH400: Heheh, my mistress loves them too!

AH400: I make them whenever she is in a bad mood, though her sugar intake has to be strictly monitored!

AH400: Uh, speaking of which, what is it like at Griffin?

TAC-50: Hm... It's like a congregation of weird Dolls, I guess?

TAC-50: We work under the Commander's command when there are operations, but we're free to do our own stuff when we're off duty.

TAC-50: The pay is pretty decent, room and board are included, and we sometimes get to go on vacations that are paid for by the company.

AH400: Wow, sounds like Eden for Dolls.

TAC-50: Eden? Now that you mention it, it does seem like paradise, haha...

AH400: And what is your master like?

TAC-50: Master? We never address them as such. It's just "Commander" for us.

TAC-50: Some of the Dolls also call the Commander "Darling", "Honey", or even "Little Lamb"...

TAC-50: I can never bring myself to do that...

AH400: Sounds like you all have a very close bond with your Commander...

TAC-50: What about you? Are you not close with your mistress?

AH400: You're mistaken! My mistress is the most talented musical actress in the world!

AH400: She is one of a kind! Her voice is so divine it can drive people to tears!

AH400: I absolutely adore her! I feel incredibly happy just seeing her sleeping face when I wake her every morning!

TAC-50: ...Wow, I'd like to see that.

AH400: Sadly I cannot invite you in... My mistress does not like it when I talk to other Dolls...

AH400: Actually, I never told her I have made a very cool friend.

AH400: But you will see her soon enough!

AH400: My mistress is set to perform at the theater next month!

TAC-50: Congratulations! I'll be there!

AH400: Okay!

TAC-50: And so I attended the performance.

TAC-50: "Phantom of the Opera". AH400's mistress only played a background role in her very first show; I didn't take much notice of her.

TAC-50: But AH400, who was sitting next to me, was so over the moon she almost dislocated my shoulder.

Passadou: ...

TAC-50: A while later, I heard that AH400's mistress had finally landed a leading role.

TAC-50: I was also very happy for her, but strangely enough, I soon lost contact with AH400.

Passadou: What does any of this have to do with me?

TAC-50: Relax, I'm just telling you my story.

TAC-50: One of my biggest shortcomings is that I can be extremely stubborn.

TAC-50: So I kept on searching for AH400 for a very long time, until one night, I passed by the theater.

TAC-50: I saw AH400's mistress talking to her husband. At the same time, an identical woman left the theater through the backstage exit. Her clothes made it obvious that she was the actress who just finished performing for the evening.

...By the theater back exit, after the performance.

TAC-50: ...

TAC-50: That woman looks exactly like AH400's mistress, who I clearly remember has no sisters...

TAC-50: So who is she? Why has AH400 gone missing?

TAC-50: In order to get some answers, I started waiting for the right moment to approach this woman.

A few days later, the theater backstage door opens again at the same time.

A woman wearing a black hooded cape exits the building furtively.

???: Phew... Finally, some fresh air.

TAC-50: Who are you?

???: Oh my—

The woman bolts in panic, but TAC-50 catches her firmly in a chokehold.

She drags her into a dark alley.

TAC-50: Tell me, who are you?

TAC-50: Why are you impersonating Miss Passadou?

???: W-what are you talking about? I do not understand...

TAC-50: ...Playing dumb, are we?

TAC-50 tightens her grip. Then she notices something odd about her hostage.

TAC-50: ...

TAC-50: You're not human. You're a Doll?

???: ...

TAC-50: ...AH400?!

AH400: ...

TAC-50 tries to take off her mask, but the Doll struggles violently.

AH400: No! Don't take off my mask!

TAC-50: Why? What on earth is going on?

TAC-50: What happened to your face? And why do you sound all weird?

AH400: ...

AH400: I lost my original face and voice...

AH400: I do not want you to see me like this. Just remember me the way I was...

TAC-50: Is this your mistress' doing? Why?

TAC-50: Isn't it illegal to construct a Doll's face in a human's likeness?

AH400: Hush! Not so loud!

AH400: It could not be helped. There really was no other way. I had to do this for the sake of my mistress' career.

TAC-50: But why?!

AH400: Stop questioning me! I can say no more...

TAC-50: ...

TAC-50: I see.

AH400: TAC-50...

TAC-50: What?

AH400: Even though I have changed...

AH400: We are still friends, right...?

TAC-50: Of course. We'll be friends forever.

Passadou: ...She had a Doll sing in her place?

Passadou: That's inconceivable. How preposterous.

TAC-50: You're right. Miss Passadou really is quite baffling, isn't she?

Passadou: So what has this got to do with me?

Passadou: I just want you to finish your tale and make yourself scarce.

TAC-50: Alright, I'll pick up the pace then.

TAC-50: Some time had passed, then one day, AH400 told me cheerfully...

TAC-50: That her mistress had decided to leave this perverse life behind and go live out the rest of her life quietly.

TAC-50: AH400 just had to perform one last time and she could regain her own identity.

TAC-50: I knew I would miss her dearly, but this was certainly for the best, so I was happy for her.

TAC-50: Her final performance just so happened to be on Halloween last year.

TAC-50: The very same day the theater burned down.

Passadou's icy fingertips dig painfully into her palms.

Spitfire: She has sustained too much damage. These fragmented logs are all that we could find.

Super SASS: These logs alone are heartbreaking enough...

Type 97S: So it was definitely her performing on stage when the theater burned down, not Miss Passadou...

Super SASS: It was also her who was trapped in the fire. Miss Passadou wasn't even in the theater...

Spitfire: This was a murder.

Type 97S: But there's no proof...

Spitfire: Passadou murdered a pure and innocent soul, and the proof is lying right here.

Type 97S: She didn't even have a name...

Super SASS: ...

Spitfire: I certainly didn't expect that a mad and desperate woman was all there is to this tragic legend.

Spitfire: The wicked supporting actress, the unfaithful husband – all fabrications to make people see her in a sympathetic light.

The forsaken Doll is leaning quietly against a stack of boxes. If she weren't covered in massive patches of black scorch marks, she could easily just have been sleeping.

Spitfire: Let's go. There's nothing we can do.

Type 97S: Can't we bring her with us back to Griffin?

Type 97S: She could at least keep the Commander company and sing us a song every now and then...

Spitfire: Neural data backups of these Type-AH400 Domestic Dolls are only kept for three months.

Spitfire: The server has probably long since deleted her data.

Spitfire: Not to mention her neural core is severely damaged...

Spitfire: Even if we bring her back to Griffin, we won't be able to revive her.

Type 97S: ...

Super SASS: But I think...we could at least clean her up?

Super SASS: Make her look pretty again...

Type 97S: That's a brilliant idea, SASS!

Spitfire: Sure. We've already wasted enough time; doesn't hurt to stay a little longer.

The Dolls rummage through the boxes and start restoring the Doll's appearance with what they can find.

They cover up her blackened body with a simple long dress and put up her burned hair with shiny accessories. Spitfire then places a white mask on her face.

If anyone walked in on them right now, they would never have guessed that beneath the Doll's glamorous façade lies a horrifically marred body.

Spitfire: Time for us to go.

Super SASS: Yeah...

Super SASS: Wait, where is Miss MDR?

Type 97S: Probably ran off to do her stupid livestream.

MDR: Hahahahahahaha! This is huge!

MDR: Can't believe I uncovered the truth behind this cold case!

MDR: And it involves such controversial details – Doll abuse, illegal modifications, infringement of the Doll actor ban...

MDR: Pity that Passadou's popularity has been taking a nose-dive even before this came to light...

MDR: In any case, let me check in with the livestream...

MDR: Where is everybody?! Why isn't anyone watching my stream?!

MDR: Who's this? They're streaming on the same topic?!
Part 2: Breaking the Cocoon

    2chevron_right

...At the full-house theater, on the day of the performance.

AH400: "Here I stand before you..."

AH400: "Only when I gaze upon your visage..."

AH400: "Does it dawn on me..."

AH400: "That my insipid words do you no justice."

TAC-50 knew that this was the very last time she would ever see AH400 on stage.

For some reason, the thought brought a lump to her throat.

AH400: "Time crawls by..."

AH400: "The rift between us grows ever wider."

AH400: "When we finally notice, we've passed the point of no return."

Member of the Audience 1: Miss Passadou's performance is still positively soul-stirring...

Member of the Audience 2: Indeed. Shame that she's retiring.

TAC-50: ...

It took TAC-50 all of her self-control to stop herself from jumping to her feet and declaring loudly that it was her best friend AH400 singing on the stage.

AH400: "Pile on the lies, like glue holding broken pieces together."

AH400: "When the cracks reappear, cover them with new lies."

AH400: "But the distance between us grows ever more."

AH400: "Now you are beyond my reach."

AH400's singing had the entire audience enthralled.

Then TAC-50 suddenly noticed a waft of black smoke billowing behind AH400.

Member of the Audience 1: Hm? What's that smell?

Member of the Audience 2: Is something burning?

AH400: "When you finally stop and look back at me..."

AH400: "So broken I am, I cannot carry on."

In an instant, the carpet caught fire, and the flame traveled rapidly up the curtains.

The audience erupted into panic, and in a stampede, everyone tried desperately to flee the building.

Audience: Run! Fire!

TAC-50: AH400!

TAC-50 shoved her way through the frenzied crowd, heading straight for the stage in the opposite direction.

AH400 continued to sing with tears in her eyes, seemingly oblivious to the danger she was in.

TAC-50: AH400, run!

AH400: ...

AH400: Ma'am...

Passadou stumbled out from the wing and onto the stage.

Unlike the stereotypical villain reveling in their success, Passadou looked bleak and sullen. Her eyes were puffy with tears and there was an unhealthy flush to her sallow cheeks.

Passadou: Doll, did you enjoy your performance tonight?

AH400: Ma'am... Is there anything I can do for you?

Passadou: Certainly. You can die for me, Doll.

AH400: ...

AH400: Why...why do you hate me so?

Passadou: Because you seek to supplant me.

AH400: I do not! I swear that has never been my intention!

AH400: I have only been following your instructions; I did not deviate from the plan at all!

AH400: Is this not what you wished for? For "Passadou" to keep singing!

AH400: So that when you finally recover, you can take the stage once more...

Passadou: Enough with the nonsense! You and I both know there is no hope for my recovery.

AH400: How could you say that?

AH400: It would make Mr. Arla very upset if he had heard you...

AH400: He has been consulting doctors far and wide for you...

Passadou: Why should I care if he's upset?!

Passadou: He never considered MY feelings! What does he know?!

Passadou: Does he have any idea how I feel, watching you perform as "Passadou" on stage?

Passadou: Here you stand, on MY stage, singing MY lyrics!

Passadou: My fans are gathered around you, their adoring gaze focused on you!

Passadou: When I turn on the news, I'm bombarded by headlines such as "Another Triumph for Passadou", "Passadou and Arla Interviewed Together", "Passadou's Secret to Eternal Youth"...

Passadou: What about the real Passadou?!

Passadou: Here she is, lying all alone in her bed, with an illness that's slowly throttling her, all the while mocking her and jeering at her, telling her that the world has forgotten all about her!

AH400: Ma'am... Why have you never told me this is how you feel?

Passadou was too engrossed in her own rage to hear anything.

Passadou: Him, upset? Hahahahahaha...

Passadou: If he's upset, then it's no more than he deserves!

Passadou: He shouldn't have betrayed me!

Passadou: Hahahahahaha! Not that he can hear me. He's probably already engulfed in flame!

Passadou: I bet he's still dreaming his absurd dreams...

AH400: ...What have you done? You could not have harmed Mr. Arla...

Passadou: What have I done? Nothing that can compare to what he has done to me. I merely put something in his wine...

Passadou: That should make it less painful when he burns.

Passadou: You see, I am very benevolent even to those who have betrayed me. That just shows I'm a good person, right?

Passadou: Don't worry, my adorable Doll. I won't make you suffer either.

Passadou: Oh, I almost forgot. Dolls don't feel pain. You are monsters that never age.

AH400: ...Miss Passadou, I do feel pain.

Passadou: Really? That's certainly news to me.

Passadou: Then pray tell – when have you ever felt pain?

AH400: When you locked yourself inside your room and I could hear you crying all alone through the door but did not know what to do, I felt pain...

AH400: When I saw you crying as you watched me perform on stage but I could not come and give you a hug, I felt pain...

AH400: When in your pain and anger, you pushed away all those who care about you, I felt pain...

Passadou: ...

AH400: I have always loved you, Miss Passadou.

AH400: I want you to be happy from the bottom of my heart.

AH400: The first time you performed here in this theater, I cried so hard in the audience my cooling system broke down...

AH400: When you married Mr. Arla, it was me who walked you down the aisle and handed you over to him...

AH400: We have shared so many happy memories together, do you remember at all?

Passadou: ...

Passadou: Hahahahahahaha, liar! You're lying!

AH400: Miss Passadou, I have never lied to you!

AH400: From the moment I first opened my eyes, I have been by your side.

AH400: To me, you are not just a mistress; you are my family, my everything...

AH400 opened her arms to embrace Passadou.

Passadou: Enough! Activate voice override – cease all motion.

AH400 froze on the spot.

Passadou: Hahahahahaha... Didn't see that coming, did you?

Passadou: When you were getting your modification, I knew you would want to supplant me eventually.

Passadou: So I paid an extra sum to have this voice override function installed in your neural cloud.

Passadou: Well? How does it feel to lose control of your own body?

AH400: If it is your wish, I will gladly die for you. There is no need for an override.

Passadou: Oh, stop it before you move me to tears!

AH400: But please remember – I am not doing this just because you gave a command; I am voluntarily giving my life for you.

AH400: If this is what it takes for you to live on in happiness...

Passadou: Shut up! Shut up! I'm telling you to shut up!

A chunk of the burning set breaks off and comes crashing down, knocking Passadou unconscious.

AH400 immediately pulls her mistress out from the collapsed set.

AH400: Miss Passadou! Ma'am!

Passadou: ...

TAC-50, who had witnessed the whole thing from a distance, suppressed her boiling rage and rushed over to AH400.

TAC-50: ...AH400.

AH400: Oh, TAC-50, am I glad to see you!

AH400 scooped Passadou off the floor and handed her over to TAC-50.

AH400: Please help me get her out of here. Make sure nobody sees her!

TAC-50: ...

AH400: TAC-50...

TAC-50: Why?! Why are you still so loyal to such a horrible mistress?!

TAC-50: Come with me, AH400! Ditch her, I'm getting you out of this hell!

AH400: ...To where?

TAC-50: I'm bringing you to Griffin!

TAC-50: If your precious mistress demands compensation, I'll get an advance on my paycheck from the Commander!

TAC-50: The Commander is very kind and will definitely agree to help!

TAC-50: Besides, there are many different departments in Griffin. You can make desserts at the Café or take care of the animals at the Rescue Station!

TAC-50: Then we can travel, go shopping, or have nice meals together during our days off...

TAC-50: There are many, many things we can do at Griffin!

AH400: That sounds fun.

TAC-50: Then come with me! We will figure out something!

AH400: Sorry...

AH400: I am not going anywhere, TAC-50...

TAC-50: Why?

AH400: ...

TAC-50: Because of her voice override? I can hack your neural cloud and cancel it.

AH400: No...

AH400: That so-called voice override did not actually take effect. I think my mistress got scammed...

TAC-50: Then why did you...

AH400: I am a Type-AH400 Domestic Doll. As you know, it is a very old model.

AH400: I had been gathering dust in the warehouse for a long time before I met my mistress.

AH400: Ever since I first opened my eyes, I have been with Miss Passadou.

AH400: I watched her suffer through hardships for her dreams. She would practice day after day without exception.

AH400: I watched her run around in the theater, eagerly dragging me along.

AH400: I watched her marry the man she loved; I presented their rings myself.

AH400: When she started to lose hope because of her illness, I was by her side the whole time…

AH400: It took me a very long time to realize how I feel about her.

AH400: Eventually I have come to understand that Miss Passadou means the world to me.

AH400: It may be a small world, but it is where I feel the safest and happiest.

TAC-50: ...

AH400: Don't be sad, my one and only friend.

AH400: You have told me lots of stories and shown me that the world outside is vast and full of interesting things.

AH400: I have also imagined traveling with you and seeing it for myself many times.

AH400: But no matter how far we travel, we must all return to where we belong one day.

AH400: For you, that is Griffin. No matter how far your mission takes you, you will always find your way home.

AH400: And for me, this is where I belong.

TAC-50: AH400... You can find a new place where you belong!

TAC-50 tried to clear away the rubble between them, but AH400 put a hand lightly on top of hers.

AH400: I genuinely love the theater, not just because of Miss Passadou.

AH400: I knew from the first time I sang on this stage that I love it here.

AH400: Even though it was not my name that the audience was chanting... Even though I could never be my true self here...

AH400: I still love the theater. I love all the musicals, all the stories...

TAC-50: Of all the musicals in all the theaters in all the world—

AH400: Of all the commanders in all the bases in all the world...

AH400: Yours is the only one that truly matters to you.

TAC-50: ...

AH400: Just as you are willing to risk everything for your Commander, I am also willing to give everything for my beloved mistress.

AH400: Even if it is just my wishful thinking...

TAC-50: But she doesn't give a damn about you!

AH400: There was a time when I suddenly broke down, Miss Passadou ran three kilometers carrying me on her back. After she paid for my repairs, we spent almost a month eating nothing but porridge...

AH400: There was also a time when we went on a trip, but only to the park right outside our home...

AH400: We have had many happy moments... But everything has changed with time...

TAC-50: ...

AH400: I am truly grateful for everything you have done for me, TAC-50.

AH400: But I have made up my mind.

AH400: It is my wish to protect this theater and Miss Passadou.

TAC-50: I can't just leave you behind...

AH400: You will not have to.

AH400: I will always be here in this theater. If you ever miss me, just come and pay me a visit.

TAC-50: AH400...

AH400: Go. Miss Passadou might not last much longer in here.

TAC-50: ...

AH400: "What the eyes may see today..."

AH400: "Lies already in the past tomorrow."

AH400: "Wherever your gaze may flee..."

AH400: "Time is on my side."

AH400 leaned through the flames and lightly brushed away TAC-50 tears.

AH400: Farewell, TAC-50.

She turned away and waded deeper into the fire. The flames leapt at her skirts.

With Passadou in her arms, TAC-50 could only watch as the blaze gradually consumed AH400, turning her into a crimson phantom.

The Doll never looked back once.

TAC-50: The end.

Passadou: ...

TAC-50: Miss Passadou, you were once the most blessed person in the world.

TAC-50: Even though God had taken away your health, you still had a family that loved you.

TAC-50: Sadly, you killed them with your own hands.

Passadou: ...

TAC-50: If they were still alive, this sanatorium wouldn't be such a miserable place.

TAC-50: AH400 would use every trick in her book to make you desserts and cheer you up.

TAC-50: Mr. Arla might bring you a fresh bouquet after he got off work. But now, the only one here is a lonely, wretched woman.

Passadou: Stop talking! I'm not listening!

TAC-50: Do you ever regret what you've done? Do you see their faces in your dreams?

Passadou: Aaaaaahhh!

Passadou huddles painfully in the corner with her hands pressed against her ears, as if that would drown out TAC-50's voice.

TAC-50: You sacrificed so much, just for the sake of perpetuating the illusion of Passadou, the Eternal Diva. Was it worth it?

Passadou: What do you want from me?!

Passadou: You're just a Doll! Are you going to kill me?!

TAC-50: No, I'm not. My programming does not allow me to fire upon civilians.

TAC-50: Nor do I intend to free you from your suffering.

Passadou: Then what are you going to do?!

TAC-50: I'm going to destroy your dream.

Passadou: What?

TAC-50: You sacrificed your own husband and a Doll who had been your confidante for years to forge the illusory legend of Passadou, the Eternal Diva.

TAC-50: I am going to smash this illusion and have the whole world witness the moment this bubble pops.

TAC-50: I am going to show them how hideous, how repulsive the real Passadou is behind the beautiful veneer.

TAC-50 opens the window. The rain has stopped. About a dozen cars can be heard racing up the road in this direction.

TAC-50: You hear that? I'm afraid all the entertainment journalists from all over the city are making a beeline for you.

Passadou: What have you done?! How do they know about this place?

TAC-50 snaps her fingers and Maple Moon—her drone—drifts up from behind her.

TAC-50: I've merely arranged a livestream for you.

Passadou collapses onto the floor, utterly speechless.

TAC-50: Don't despair. Right now, your livestream is trending at no.1 on the entire platform.

TAC-50: More people are watching than all your past audiences combined.

There is a rapid and insistent knock on the door.

TAC-50: Looks like the first batch of journalists have already arrived. Then I suppose it's time to say goodbye.

TAC-50: Farewell, Miss Passadou.

TAC-50: I wish you a long life—cross my heart.

TAC-50 leaps out of the window and vanishes into the night.

Passadou: ...

Passadou: Hahahaha...

Passadou: You think that's enough to take me down? Not in a million years...

Passadou bursts into maniacal laughter as tears flow down her face. Then she stumbles into the kitchen...

With TAC-50 no longer in the vicinity, the Doll carer left stranded outside the door has booted up again and is now struggling to keep all the journalists from barging into the house.

Doll Carer: ...Oh my goodness! I crashed all of a sudden, and the moment I woke up, I'm getting swarmed by so many reporters!

Doll Carer: Hey, stop shoving! This is a private residence! You may not enter!

Journalist from Peeps: Miss Passadou, please accept our interview!

Journalist from Rolling Rock Magazine: Miss Doll, are you Miss Passadou's new Doll?

Journalist from Rolling Rock Magazine: Did she really have her previous D-Doll perform as her stand-in?

Journalist from Wohoo! Entertainment: If even a D-Doll can perform perfectly in musicals, do you think Dolls should be allowed to star in theatrical productions?

Journalist from VH100: Miss Passadou, we want to invite you to participate in a new reality show! The selling point is watching actors slinging mud at each other!

Journalist from VH100: Name your price! We're happy to negotiate!

Doll Carer: Help! I don't know anything!

Doll Carer: Ma'am, what should I do?!

Meanwhile, inside the house, Passadou starts splashing cooking oil everywhere as she mutters to herself.

Passadou: I will not be defeated. I cannot be defeated. Blasted Doll...

Passadou: The memory of Passadou will be evergreen. She will always be the very picture of grace and refinement. Her sweet song will echo through history...

Passadou: She will forever be the Diva of the Century, not even Eva Friedel can hold a candle to her!

Passadou: Hahahahahahahahaha...

Passadou flips open the lighter in her hand. The quivering flame is reflected in her demented gaze.

Passadou: I'm the last...

Passadou: Once I disappear, no one else can sully Passadou's legacy...

Passadou: She will sing for eternity...until the end of the world!

The lighter falls...

It is a dark night without a sliver of moonlight, but right now, the sky is ablaze behind TAC-50. She can hear the commotion from afar...

Like a black phantom, TAC-50 makes her way back to base.

The Doll never looks back once.

Butterfly in a Cocoon – END

...Halloween, a year ago.

Arla: Hello, may I have this rose bouquet, please?

Florist: Sure. I've never had a customer that bought such a big bunch of roses on Halloween.

Arla: It's a special day for me.

Arla smiles and pays for the flowers. He takes the bouquet tenderly.

Arla: After tonight, everything will change for the better, I hope.

His wristwatch shows that it's time for the grand occasion.

He hurries over to his theater.

Tonight is Passadou's farewell show. Once it is over, he will move back to his hometown with his beloved wife and her D-Doll, and it will be a new beginning.

Arla: Finally, today's the day...

Actor: Hey, boss. Haven't seen you so chipper in a while, anything good happened?

Arla: Haha, you can say that.

He greets the cast warmly on the way to his office.

There is an unexpected guest waiting for him there.

Arla: ...You came?

Passadou: It's my farewell show, where else should I be?

Arla: ...

Arla: Right, I got you roses.

Passadou: Thank you, they are lovely.

Passadou: Don't look so worried. Relax, I'm not here looking for a fight. I just want to see the theater one last time.

Passadou: After all, we'll be leaving it all behind tomorrow.

Arla: If you want, we can always come back when you get better.

Passadou: We'll worry about the future later.

Passadou takes out two wine glasses from the cabinet and pours some red wine.

Passadou: At the very least, let us enjoy this one last night.

Arla: You're right. To our new life!

Arla accepts the glass without question and drains it in one go.

Arla: You should go easy on the drinks. Better watch your health.

Passadou: Yes, I know.

Arla: Hm... I'm feeling a little dizzy. I'm gonna have a quick snooze...

Arla: Don't go yet, okay? Stay with me...

Passadou: Alright, just sleep. I will be right by your side, always…

Under Passadou's gentle caress, Arla drifts off to a peaceful slumber.

In his dream, they have returned to his hometown and built a little cottage at a quiet spot by the lake.

He would drive to work in the nearby town every day while the Doll stays home and keeps Passadou company.

When he gets off work, he would first stop by at the florist for a bouquet before driving back home.

When he arrives, the Doll would serve them a warm meal, and they would chatter happily over dinner.

And so they would live their tranquil life, day after day, until they grow old...

Arla: Passadou, just get rid of the old flowers—it's been days. I'll get you fresh ones...

Arla: And the dessert was great today, Doll...

There is no one to answer him in the empty office.

The abandoned roses lying on the ground wither and perish in the ruthless fire...

Leaving only the creeping flames to listen to his somniloquy.

