...Halloween afternoon.

Griffin base.

P7 walks dejectedly through the parade square with a Dinergate following carefully behind her.

P7: Ahhhh, seriously! I'm so mad!

P7: Hey, tell me, do you think that prank was too tame? Or did I pick the wrong target? What good is a prank if nobody reacts to it!?

The Dinergate raises its head to look at P7's angry face, and its camera lens opens and closes with a quiet whir.

P7: I get the feeling that something has been spying on me all afternoon...

P7: Urgh... If only I could use my minimap to see which direction the enemy is looking from... I need to ask the Commander to put that function in...

P7: Ah, we're home.

...In the dormitory.

P7 throws herself onto her bed and pulls out her tactical tablet, scrolling indifferently through one window after another.

P7: What the heck is this...

P7: "The recent outbreak of the new type of USO infectious disease has allegedly claimed the lives of several humans already. The cause and transmission of the disease is still under investigation, and currently the only known information is..."

...Meanwhile.

At the base's parade square.

Welrod MkⅡ: "...The only known information is that infected humans manifest large, brightly-colored blotches on their body."

Welrod MkⅡ: Hmm...this seems most dire.

Welrod frowns as she reads the words displayed on her tactical tablet.

P90, who is manning the position with her, peers over to look from the side.

P90: Whatcha looking at?

P90: Oh, it's a news article that MDR posted on the message board, which means it's most likely fake...

P90: I mean, look at how she's seriously saying, "there's a fear that Dolls might get infected too". How could Dolls catch human illnesses? What a silly girl.

Welrod turns to stare at P90 with a stern look.

Welrod MkⅡ: That is not true. Have you not realized it yet, P90?

Welrod drags P90 to their workstation. P90 doesn't quite understand, but she looks out at the base parade square with Welrod.

Welrod MkⅡ: Look, over here, and there, and behind there too!

Welrod exclaims in a hushed voice while pointing her finger out at several locations.

P90: What's that...hm?

P90: Why does everyone have those weird, colorful patches on their body? Is this some kind of prank makeup for Halloween?

Welrod MkⅡ: Hah...do you even pay attention when you stand sentry...

Welrod MkⅡ: In any case, something is not quite right here... Although I do agree it seems unlikely that Dolls can catch human diseases.

Welrod MkⅡ: But still, we cannot rule out the possibility of some wicked conspiracy either. We need to act seriously like proper detectives—

P90: Welrod, quick! Come take a look at this!

P90 pushes her tablet into Welrod's face before the latter can finish her words.

Welrod MkⅡ: ...!

Welrod MkⅡ: These replies...

Welrod's face blanches as she looks at the messages on the tablet.

Just then, Welrod hears hurried footsteps drawing closer to herself.

Spitfire: Welrod, something bad has happened!

Welrod MkⅡ: What's the situation? Take your time, no need to—

Spitfire: It's 75! big sis 75's been... Welrod, did you see MDR's post on the message board?

Spitfire: A lot of people replied about how these colored spots suddenly appeared on them, and MDR said it must be that new disease...

Welrod scrolls down on her tactical tablet.

Welrod MkⅡ: Mm, I saw those pictures too...

Welrod MkⅡ: Some people posted that a drone bumped into them, and they found those spots on themselves after being sent to the treatment room. Others said they discovered the spots after finishing simulator training...

Welrod MkⅡ: Tch, Miss WA2000 is affected as well? Apparently the Commander asked her about the spots on her body while she was handing in a report...

P90: Hah! How did Fr FAMAS end up like this? She said she sprouted these colorful spots after patrolling the warehouses on the east side of the base—

Spitfire: These aren't important! The important thing is that I saw a picture from big sis 75 in there! What should I do, 75's been infected...

Spitfire: D-Don't tell me she'll be sent off to the scrapyard...

Welrod MkⅡ: Spitfire, calm down!

Welrod briefly reproaches Spitfire, and then her tone softens.

Welrod MkⅡ: It seems like we have no choice but to accept MDR's conjecture.

Welrod MkⅡ: That said, I still don't have a theory regarding how this dark umbra spread to the base...

P90: I know! Surely some source of evil snuck in and spread its tentacles of terror everywhere!

Spitfire: Evil...? Tentacles?

Welrod MkⅡ: She is saying that a human must have served as the source of infection and made contact with everyone.

Welrod MkⅡ: That line of reasoning makes sense. Now, as for the humans on the base...

Spitfire: Could it be Miss Kalin?

P90: Miss Kalin hasn't been in the base for the past couple of days. Apparently she's gone to some kind of business fair.

Welrod MkⅡ: So apart from Miss Kalin...

Spitfire: The only other human who's still in the base is...

P90: ...Wait a minute! Do you mean...the Commander?

Welrod nods slightly.

Welrod MkⅡ: The Commander has also been in contact with humans from the outside recently... Hm, if that is the case, then it all makes sense.

Welrod MkⅡ: Spitfire, didn't the Commander praise CZ75 last night for her great success on an operation?

Spitfire: That's right, that's big sis 75 for you!

Welrod MkⅡ: P90, sentry duty is cancelled for the time being. By the power invested in me as today's security team leader, I hereby pass down the following secret orders to you—

Welrod MkⅡ: Proceed immediately to the data warehouse and find everything you can regarding human infectious diseases, then contact the medical team and find some way to exorcise the demonic marks which are afflicting everyone!

Welrod MkⅡ: Take note, all these must be done in secrecy!

P90: Understood!

Welrod MkⅡ: Spitfire, I will help everyone solve this problem.

Welrod MkⅡ: Things being what they are now, we must secretly quarantine the source of this evil... No, I mean, the Commander has to be temporarily quarantined, lest more of our fellows fall victim to this malady...!

Spitfire: Wait for me, Welrod! I'm going too!

Spitfire: I want to do my part for 75!

Welrod MkⅡ: Very well.

Welrod MkⅡ: Now then, we shall act as the Secret Special Search Team until the end of today. Move out!

...Almost evening.

Griffin command center.

Spitfire: Welrod, the Commander said...he is definitely not sick...

Commander: I'm not sick! Really, I'm not!

Spitfire: Hm? Do you hear the Commander wailing from inside the secret room?

Welrod MkⅡ: Mhm, I do feel sorry for the Commander. His voice sounds broken from all the yelling.

Welrod leaves an electronic key card on the command terminal.

Welrod MkⅡ: I did not expect to use the secret room for a situation like this...

Welrod MkⅡ: Just in case, let's leave the key card here. Until the matter is settled, we will just have to impose upon the Commander—

???: My, you bunch sure have a lot of time for leisure.

The 3D projector on the command terminal suddenly lights up, but nothing is projected.

Spitfire: This voice is...!

Welrod MkⅡ: Architect...but how? Where did a beaten dog like you obtain the authorization to make a transmission?

Architect: Hey! Calling me a beaten dog sounds so terrible! Surely I count as the base's mascot at least, right?

Spitfire: ...We don't care what you want to call yourself.

Architect: Aw, you're so boring, little miss. Today is Halloween! It's a festive occasion! I thought you'd be friendlier to me...

Welrod MkⅡ: Don't change the subject! Tell me, how did you hack into our communication channel?

Architect: You're no fun at all... You were using my neural cloud data for training today, remember? So what happened? Is there some crisis in the Griffin base? It must be so embarrassing for you to mess up like this, teehee.

Welrod MkⅡ: Tch... We were careless, everyone was in a panic, and we...

Architect: Oho? So you elite Dolls are just as dumb as me... No, wait, I'm not dumb...

Spitfire: It's good we locked up the Commander. Welrod, let's go—

Architect: Heehee, you even locked up the Commander? You think you can control the "outbreak" like that?

Architect: I doubt you can even keep outsiders from sneaking in amidst this confusion.

Spitfire: So you know about the disease!

Architect: Well, I only accidentally learned about it~ This afternoon's communication transmissions were in such a frenzy, and everyone was making such a racket that I didn't have the time to take a nap...

Welrod MkⅡ: ...Do you think we would not dare to delete your neural cloud data?

Architect: Heh, how did you know?

Architect: But what can you pitiful Griffin Dolls do without the Commander's orders?

Architect: Honestly, I can't believe I actually got locked up by Dolls like you... It makes me mad just thinking about it!

Welrod MkⅡ: Explain what you mean...!

Whum— Whum—

Before Welrod can finish, alarms suddenly ring throughout the base.

Architect: Oh my, it seems like they're here sooner than I expected.

Spitfire: These signals... They're S.F.!

Welrod MkⅡ: Architect! You knew, didn't you? Why didn't you say anything!?

Architect: I can't believe you're still barking at me... If you were just a bit more polite, things wouldn't have ended up like this, you know.

Welrod MkⅡ: Dammit, they're breaking in while security is at its weakest...

Welrod MkⅡ: Spitfire, contact M1919A4 and Type79. Start by taking care of the trash mobs to minimize their impact.

Welrod MkⅡ: As for you, Architect...I will settle things with you later!

...Slightly earlier that evening.

In the dormitory.

P7 carefully peeps out through the gaps in the curtains to see what's going on outside. This is probably the busiest — or perhaps, the most chaotic the base has been in P7's memory.

P7: Uwah! FF FNC is too daring! She looted all that chocolate from the warehouse during the confusion!

P7: Hey, hurry up and run! Ahhh, no, don't pick up the chocolate you dropped, Makarov's going to catch you!

P7: ...Ah, Makarov caught her... Holy crap, FF FNC's crazy. She smacked another one of her pursuer, Vector, right in the face with all her chocolate.

P7: ...No, no wait, why am I getting all excited over this?

P7 paces back and forth inside her room, eyes fixated on her tactical tablet as messages rapidly appear on the screen.

"It's chaos as far as the eye can see outside. Sick Dolls are running around everywhere and refusing treatment!"

"Oho, isn't that S.A.T.8? Did she think people wouldn't see her if she hid behind a pumpkin? Well, ladies and gentlemen, the vanguard of the treatment team, P90, has just smashed the pumpkin and captured S.A.T.8 with lightning speed!"

"And now my drone's got footage of F1 trying to escape on a broom! How foolish! Type64 is giving chase on a broom of her own! F1 accelerates, F1 turns, F1 crashes into a pillar! She'll have to come in quietly for treatment now!"

"Ah! While Type64 is dragging F1 away, she collides with Bren in mid-air! Bren is trying to escape with F1! They're picking up speed! Will Type64 be able to catch them at the next intersection!?"

"Stay tuned for live coverage with my drone! And quit cutting in between my posts! I expect a donation from all those who interrupted me!"

"Stop adding fuel to the fire, MDR! Don't take me away! I've worked for the base and bled for it, you can't take me away!"

"We got the IP of that one! Git'em, P90! Hehe, goodbye my friend, it's all for the safety of the base..."

P7: W-What in the world is going on? Is there an outbreak of some plague inside the base...?

P7: The message board is making it sound really scary. What does it mean to be taken in by P90's team for treatment? Don't tell me they're going to scrap the infected Dolls! Why are Miss Springfield and Miss IWS going around helping P90 catch people...

P7: And everyone outside has a scary look on their face... Uuu, I don't want to catch that disease...

P7 lowers her head to look at her hands. She tries tugging at her sleeves to cover up her arms, but after a long while, she gives up and resigns herself to her fate.

P7: Miss Kalin's private stock is really scary...

P7: I can't wash it off no matter what I do. Why would humans buy stuff like this?

P7 plops her butt down on the bed and sighs.

P7: If I go out like this, they'll think I'm an infected Doll and catch me, and then they'll take out my core... Uuu...

P7: Wait, I know! I'll ask the Commander! Surely the Commander will know how to deal with this weird disease!

Beep...beep...

P7: What's going on? Why isn't the Commander picking up?

P7: ......

P7: Hm? Wait a minute...what's this...?

...Back to the afternoon.

At a corner of the base's parade square.

Spitfire: Whew...that was hard with just the two of us.

Spitfire: I didn't expect M1919A4 to grab Type79 after she came out from the fitting room. Turns out Type79 is also infected, and M1919A4 started whining about taking Type79 to the treatment room...

Welrod MkⅡ: Fortunately, they only broke through the outer perimeter... In any case, we took care of them in secret, so probably no one else is aware of the S.F. intrusion.

Just as Welrod and Spitfire are about to head back to the command center to cut off Architect's access, their communicators ring out.

Architect: Heehee, took care of them already?

Welrod MkⅡ: Damn you, how dare you collude with the enemy!

Architect: What are you saying, Welrod? You shouldn't slander your mascot, you know?

Architect: Besides, I'm locked up in your database. Even getting to talk to you today was by simple chance.

Welrod MkⅡ: Fret not, you shall soon be silenced again.

Architect: Ehhhh? Take it easy, I have some interesting information for you. Wanna hear it?

Welrod MkⅡ: Information? So you ARE scheming with the enemy!

Architect: Ahhh, let me finish, dammit!

Architect: I'm referring to the situation in your base.

Spitfire: ...! You mean big sis 75's condition!

Architect: Hehe, looks like you're pretty quick on the uptake, my fair lady.

Architect: Who knows...you might be able to find some clues related to this weird illness.

Welrod MkⅡ: If you think I am going to believe a filthy Sangvis—

Spitfire glances at Welrod and lightly shakes her head.

Welrod MkⅡ: ...Fine, speak.

Architect: Hey...work your smart, little artificial heads a bit and think about why Griffin would be suddenly attacked by scattered S.F. forces.

Spitfire: ....Don't tell me there's a new S.F. base nearby?

Architect: I...wouldn't know anything about that.

Architect: However, there's an "Alchemist" in S.F., and I'm pretty familiar with her.

Spitfire: You mean the S.F. ringleader who killed herself?

Architect: Yep, she always used strange methods to interrogate the enemy. Quite detestable, hehe...

Architect: That said, although Alchemist's already gone BOOM, I'm thinking that there might be one or two dummies of her left behind in S.F.. It wouldn't be unusual.

Welrod and Spitfire briefly exchange looks.

Spitfire: So why are you telling us this?

Architect: Who knows? Maybe I'll get something out of it, or maybe I won't.

Architect: But watching you bunch make fools of yourself...is quite entertaining.

Architect: ...Whoa, wait a minute, I sounded really cool with that last line, just like a movie villain who knows what's actually going on! Don't you agree?

Spitfire: ....Based on what you just said, can I assume the information you just provided is fake?

Spitfire silently chambers a round.

Architect: Waitwaitwait! I'll say it properly...

Architect: What I'm saying is, watching you blunder around in response to this illness has been amusing enough for me, so you can consider that information to be your payment.

Spitfire is silent for several seconds.

Spitfire: We can't fully trust what Architect says since she is a Sangvis at her core...but it is true that some S.F. mobs made it into the base. Perhaps there might really be a lair nearby.

Welrod MkⅡ: Correct, this requires investigation.

Welrod MkⅡ: As for the name "Alchemist"...it sounds just like it would be the source of the disease!

Spitfire: ...I don't quite understand your logic...

Spitfire: But please give your orders, leader!

...Meanwhile.

In the command center's secret room.

Commander: Are you doing this to settle a personal score?

Architect: ...Do you think that's what this is all about?

Commander: Why else would you mention Alchemist? All the information I have seems to paint you as an idiot who only knows how to blow things up.

Architect: W-What? Your intel needs an update! Hurry up and write "Architect is a graceful and well-behaved lady who is also an intellectual" in there!

Commander: Sure thing, I'll do that once I get out of here. However, you haven't answered my question yet.

Architect: What is the answer you're looking for, I wonder? Life is full of surprises. Griffin taught me that.

Commander: Alright, I suppose you're not going to tell me.

Architect: You know, I can't believe you actually infected your own people with a disease. That's so evil of you.

Commander: No, I'm innocent...

Commander: And this vacation I was forced to take today is just... Ugh, there's something fishy about this whole infection thing, but I'm locked up now and there's nothing I can do...

Architect: Heehee, why not ask a favor of me then, Commander of Griffin!

Architect: There's been a signal trying to connect to your command center. It's been quite annoying, but...perhaps it could be of use to you right now?

...Elsewhere.

On the outskirts of the base.

The members of the Secret Special Search Team are standing behind cover.

Welrod MkⅡ: S-Surely this coincidence must be the work of fate!

Spitfire: Yeah, I didn't really expect there to be a new S.F. outpost right next to our base, and it's actually being led by one of Alchemist's dummies.

Welrod MkⅡ: Sneaking in shouldn't be a problem as we've finished decrypting the minimap.

Welrod MkⅡ: Let's head right in and crush their cordon.

Spitfire: Roger.

???: Tch, I just built this new home and the rats have already come sniffing around.

Welrod and the others listen to the arrogant voice coming through the transmitter in silence without any sign of surprise.

Alchemist: What's the matter? Are you so frightened that you don't dare to speak?

Welrod MkⅡ: There is no need to waste words on you.

Alchemist: No matter, I have countless ways of making you talk.

Alchemist: —But that will have to wait until you get to me alive.

Their hands tighten around their pistols in wordless coordination.

The clear, crisp sound of rounds chambering is lost within the rustling of tree leaves.

Welrod MkⅡ: You are nothing but a nonsense-spouting piece of trash...

Welrod MkⅡ: Let's go!

...Several battles later.

In the S.F. base.

Welrod MkⅡ: Hmph, these are what you call upgraded units?

Welrod MkⅡ: They fell so easily.

Spitfire: Welrod, we're almost there. Alchemist...should be inside that bunker up ahead.

Welrod MkⅡ: Yes...

Welrod MkⅡ: The one who spread this terrifying evil has come out to welcome us.

Spitfire wrinkles her brow and looks forward. Alchemist is standing at bunker entrance with a cold smile on her face.

Alchemist: Welcome, little mice. Would you like to take a rest first?

Welrod MkⅡ: Surely you jest. That was nothing more than a warmup.

Alchemist: Eavesdropping on your transmissions was really quite amusing. I didn't think you'd come here at the behest of that lump of scrap.

Alchemist: This is truly...laughable.

Welrod MkⅡ: Our mission has always been the extermination of Sangvis Ferri.

Alchemist: Oh? What a grand statement; the Griffin Dolls in my memories said similar things.

Alchemist: And one could also say that...you inferior Griffin Dolls haven't improved even after all this while.

Spitfire: Heh, that's not for you to judge.

Alchemist: What are you if you're not inferior Dolls?

Alchemist: You lot... You probably don't even know what thinking is, do you? Haha...you actually thought that a human sickness could spread to Dolls, and blamed ME for it? Hah!

Alchemist: Well, you deserve it. You're nothing more than scrap metal that should have been cast aside by the passing of eras. I wouldn't be surprised if you were in fact infected by some idiocy disease—

Bang!

A gunshot interrupts Alchemist's taunting speech.

The bullet seems to cut through Alchemist's hair. Her strands of hair follow a somewhat unnatural arc before settling down.

Spitfire: You shut your dirty mouth!

Spitfire: If you insult big sis 75 one more time... If you keep insulting my dear comrades, I'll tear that mouth of yours to bits!

Alchemist says nothing. She simply steps back, and her laughter grows wilder and wilder.

Spitfire: It doesn't matter whether you're responsible for what happened or not, we'll find out once we kill you and bring you back to the base to pick your brain apart...

Spitfire: Now die!

...Halloween. At night.

In the Griffin base.

Like a little bat, P7 darts between the shadows of the buildings.

P7: Don't tell me ghosts really do appear on Halloween...

P7: Even though it didn't sound like it came from a bad person, that encrypted transmission I got out of the blue was too spooky...

P7: Hey, stay behind me! Don't let anyone else spot you!

P7 commands the Dinergate beside her with a whisper before carefully inspecting her surroundings. She starts moving again and darts into another patch of shadows.

P7: Ah, there's another security camera up ahead.

P7: The encrypted transmission told me to check the base's security cams, which kind of makes sense.

P7: ...Although I can't access certain monitored areas, I did notice some weird things in the security footage from the previous location...

P7 looks around to check if she's being watched, then she orders her Dinergate to connect to the security camera high above them.

P7: Alright, the data's downloading.

P7: Hehe, turns out I've got a hidden talent for being a secret agent. I need to show off my skills to the Commander once I'm done with this whole thing...

While muttering to herself, P7 opens her tactical tablet to check the footage from the previous location.

P7: How weird, how weird... It feels like the base has been cursed today.

P7: Huh, this video clip is... FF FNC escaped from Vector? You big dummy! Why are you stealing from the same warehouse again! See, now Vector's chasing you again...

P7: Huh? How come m45 is getting captured too? Didn't I see her trying on makeup with a Doll that had a knife through her head...? Wow, P90's really vicious. She's taking m45 away just because she got a bit of makeup on her...

P7: And what's going on in this corner?

P7: Oh my, Gr Mk23 is sitting down and crying while firing her gun in every direction! Good thing I'm nowhere near her...

P7: Hm? What is she saying? Let's zoom in... Judging by her lips, she seems to be saying "I want to see the Commander, let me see the Commander"... Hehe, dream on, I wouldn't be scurrying around like a thief if I could see the Commander too.

P7 is so absorbed in watching the footage that she doesn't notice her Dinergate has already finished downloading the security data and has walked up beside her.

The Dinergate, in its miniature pumpkin disguise, looks at P7 before stepping on her shoe to get her attention.

P7: What the heck? Watch where you're going!

P7: ...Uwah! What am I doing getting excited over this stuff again!?

P7: Time to work, time to work! Let's see, the next security camera is over at... Ah, I can't enter that area. Nothing I can do, then. Let's look for a place to watch the footage we just downloaded.

...Fifteen minutes later.

P7: Uwah—!

P7: My instincts were correct! No wonder I kept feeling that someone was watching me all afternoon.

P7: This Doll is... Darn, she's moving too quick in the footage, I can't make her out...

P7: Also, something is weird with this footage. It's all choppy and intermittent, as though... As though...

P7 scratches her head. The word is right on the tip of her tongue, but she can't quite put her finger on it.

The Dinergate looks up at P7, and its camera lens makes a mechanical whir as it opens and closes.

P7: Oh, that's right! It's as though there was some kind of signal interference!

P7: Dinergates have the same issue when drones are nearby... Oh, drones!

P7 fast forwards through the security footage again several times.

P7: Hehe, I knew it...

P7: There were so many drones in the base today, but...what exactly does this mean...

P7: Let me inform that mysterious signal of the situation first...

In these few short hours, P7 has exhibited caution and focus to a degree that she has never shown before.

Loud footsteps were to be avoided, and drawing others' attention was equally dangerous.

From time to time she grumbled in her heart...

"If only I could use my minimap to see which direction the enemy is looking from!"

P7: Hmm... I haven't been spotted yet, right?

P7: I must not get caught. I must not run into an infected Doll. I don't want to get infected. I don't want to die...

Beep—

P7: They replied! Let's see...

P7: Hm? Go to the command center and access the main security terminal to obtain the Dolls ID data to construct a holographic map of the paths taken by each Doll today?

P7: D-Do I really have to go? If the Commander were to find me poking around in the command center without permission, I might get scolded...

P7 chews on her sleeve as she thinks about it for a moment.

P7: Fine, let's do it! We'll cross that bridge when we get there!

P7: Besides, in all likelihood, the Commander probably wouldn't even notice me... Hehe...

In front of the command center.

Whum— Whum—!

After a long, hard journey to the command center, P7 finds herself panicking in front of the door.

P7: How could I have set off an alarm?! I barely touched the door!

P7 is so flustered she doesn't know where to hide her hands. Suddenly, her communicator starts ringing.

P7: What are you doing sending me a message at a time like this? Come and save me—

P7: What? The base's internal security has been beefed up due to various reasons, so in order to access the security terminal, I'll have to...force my way through?

P7: Come on, what kind of joke is this? Are you really telling little old me to force my way through?

???: Freeze!

???: I've got you now, you sneaky little thief.

P7: Uuu...!

P7 reflexively puts her hands up, and in the next moment she suddenly remembers something and pulls her hands back down before stiffly turning to face the voice behind her.

KSVK: Your hands... You're an infected Doll!

P7: No, no, I'm not!

KSVK: No drunkard would admit to being drunk. Your words are unreliable.

KSVK: What are you doing standing around so suspiciously, little miss?

P7: I-I... Transmission...!

P7 is briefly at a loss for words, as though all the data in her neural cloud is jammed up.

"I must not get infected... I must not die..."

These are the only recognizable thoughts inside P7's head.

Standing in the corridor outside the command center, which is intermittently lit by red flashing lights, P7 speaks without thinking—

P7: I need to get into the command center! Or else we'll all be scrapped!

P7: That mysterious transmission...is destiny... That's right! God sent me here! Everything will be sorted out if I can get access to the data I need!

After listening to P7's appeal, KSVK slowly puts her gun down and eyes P7 suspiciously.

KSVK: I'm sorry, are you talking in riddles?

KSVK: Everyone's going to get scrapped? And God sent you here to...trigger the alarm?

P7: No no, the transmission told me to break in...

KSVK: Excuse me, but...

KSVK: Would you happen to be referring to Mr. God Jackstar, the Unfathomable Abyss, the Dancing Stardust of Sagittarius, the Blazing Inferno of the Frozen Hell, Second Principal Leader of the Incomplete Brigade"?

P7: Hah? What abyss? Jackstar?

P7: Call him whatever you want, but I need to get inside the command center!

P7: Urgh... Could you wait until I sort things out before you detain me... Although I'm truly not infected, uuu...

KSVK knits her brow and mutters to herself.

KSVK: Hmm, this might have been ordained by fate...

KSVK: I didn't expect to meet a fellow believer in Mr. God Jackstar, the Unfathomable Abyss, the Dancing Stardust of Sagittarius, the Blazing Inferno of the Frozen Hell, Second Principal Leader of the Incomplete Brigade" in a place like this...

KSVK: Yes, this must have been planned by destiny. I see, I see, so this is the reason for my existence here...

P7: What the heck is she talking about? I feel like only Miss Welrod would understand her... And do these delusional Dolls even have a hearing module installed?

Just as P7 is muttering to herself, KSVK suddenly walks toward her with a slight smile.

P7 promptly tenses up again.

KSVK: Little miss, I am truly happy to come across you here. When I was posted here for temporary patrols, I had the feeling that something would happen, and perhaps you are that something.

KSVK: Leave this measly alarm to me. Once we finish here, we can take our time to discuss the teachings of Mr. God Jackstar!

P7's neural cloud is still jumbled up, and she did not anticipate the situation to turn out like this.

However...this development suits her just fine.

P7: Y-You're going to help me deactivate this alarm?

P7: I... You... Ah, whatever, let me give you a hand!

...Inside the command center.

P7 obtains access and hurriedly downloads the data to reconstruct the paths of the base personnel in the morning.

P7: Geez, getting this sure took a lot of effort... I'll have to brag a little the next time I see the Commander!

P7: The culprit is really evil. I can't believe they tried to infect our entire base!

P7: We might have ended up saving Griffin by doing this, don't you think, KSVK—

KSVK: Ugh...!

There is a soft thud from behind P7. KSVK is collapsed on the floor. Standing in the doorway is P90, holding her gun.

P7: W-W-Wha...?

P90: Don't worry, it was just a karate chop.

P90: You, on the other hand... What are you trying to accomplish by wrecking the alarm system, P7?

P7 is about to repeat her explanation to P90 when she glances at the holographic model on the control terminal and notices...

—The indistinct form from the security footage earlier was P90.

P7 freezes in place while P90 approaches her with her gun drawn.

...

P90 comes to a halt.

P90: Oh? You're pointing your gun at me... What is the meaning of this?

P7: S-So it was you!

P7: You were the one sneaking around and following me all afternoon!

P90: ...Following you? I have no idea what you're talking about.

P7: Don't pretend! You must be the one infecting everyone, isn't that right?

P7: I already checked the security footage! You were present in all the locations where the infection broke out this morning, so don't tell me it was a coincidence!

P90: But it WAS a coincidence! H-How could I go around spreading a disease? You're sullying my good name!

P90: And as for you, explain those weirdly colored spots on your hands!

P7: I accidentally got some stuff on me and...

P90: So you're an infected Doll, P7. Wait, don't tell me...YOU'RE the source of the infection?

P90: And now you've snuck into the command center to destroy the security footage evidence!

P7: Y-You're talking nonsense!

P7: Hmph, I'm going to grab you and hand you over to the Commander!

P90: That's my line!

...Meanwhile.

In the S.F. base.

The Secret Special Search Team overcomes one obstacle after another and finally comes face to face with Alchemist.

Alchemist: Heh, what stubborn rats you are.

Alchemist: I won't lose to Griffin again... Torturing you will surely be more fun than torturing other Dolls.

Spitfire: Tch, don't get ahead of yourself.

Alchemist: You're a pack of fools. To think you actually believe I'm the one spreading that disease...

Alchemist: Yet, If I were in control of my own destiny, that may not be the worst thing to do.

Welrod MkⅡ: I would advise you to abandon such villainous ideation as soon as possible.

Alchemist: You know, you're so dumb that it's actually kind of adorable.

Alchemist: Do you understand how stupid you've been?

Alchemist: You fought your way here for something that could never happen to a Doll.

Spitfire: What would Sangvis trash like you know about preserving precious friends' lives?

Alchemist: Is that what you think...

Alchemist: Hmph, if we S.F. Dolls didn't understand that, then you wouldn't have found your way here today, Griffin.

Welrod MkⅡ: ...And what is that supposed to mean?

Alchemist: Nothing in particular...

Alchemist: It's just that...neither of us have ever been willing to acknowledge the certain things we have in common.

Spitfire: ...

Spitfire: There's no point in talking any further!

Spitfire: Let's go, Welrod! This day will go down in history as the anniversary date of her death!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...In the S.F. base.

Alchemist: (Panting)... I guess...this dummy body just isn't good enough, huh?

Kneeling on the ground, Spitfire has the muzzle of her gun pointed between Alchemist's eyes.

Alchemist's platinum hair is a mess, but she's still smiling as smugly as when she was standing in front of the bunker.

Spitfire: Now then...it's over you.

...

Beep—!

P90: Ahem... Uh, I have an emergency announcement to make!

...

Just as Spitfire's finger is about to reach the break pressure of her gun's trigger, the call that suddenly comes through startles all the Dolls present.

The image that appears shows P90 carrying P7 like a kitten.

P90: The transmission should have gotten through, right? Then I'll let you explain everything, P7—

P7: Put me down first!

P7: (Cough)... In short, this disease thing, uhm...it was all a misunderstanding!

The Dolls in the S.F. base freeze for a moment. Spitfire then lowers her gun and exchanges a blank look with Welrod.

Alchemist, on the other hand, can no longer contain herself and laughs out loud.

P7: So, um, this morning, I had my Dinergates steal one of Miss Kalin's makeup kits so I could draw some spots on Super SASS's body and make her look like a zombie...

P7: I'll have you know my plan was perfect! I learned several days in advance that Miss Kalin would be out today, and that she'd put on makeup prior to leaving!

P7: As it turned out, the heavens were on my side, because she left that makeup kit with its ridiculous colors sitting right there on her table, although I still could have gotten it even if she did lock it inside her cabinet!

P7: And then, I mobilized my Dinergate army to go smear the makeup inside Super SASS's clothes and face towel while she wasn't looking! I thought that even if it doesn't get on her body, it'd get on her face, at least! Man, it was really scary. I almost ran into TAC-50!

P7: But how was I supposed to know that SASS wouldn't wear her normal outfit today, but her Halloween costume! She actually dressed up so well for a mission yet she wouldn't even wash her face! Hmph!

Spitfire: Get to the point, P7!

P7: Okay, okay, I'm getting there!

P7: The point is I was totally disappointed that Super SASS went out for a mission and I accidentally rubbed against the makeup and I couldn't wash it off so I threw the kit away—

Bang! Spitfire shoots at the ground.

P7 shrinks away on the hologram display and P90 takes the communicator.

P90: Uh, I think I'll explain the rest...

P90 takes a deep breath.

P90: So I saw P7 giving her Dinergates the orders, but I didn't see what happened with SASS...

P90: So, um, later on while I was on sentry duty, I got so bored that when I was changing posts, I copied what P7 was doing and had some drones pick up the makeup kit and gave the same orders to the drones...

P90: I have to say, P7 really messed up the makeup kit, so I tried to sort it out in a corner somewhere. I finished writing up the order after a lot of work and had the drones carry bits of makeup.

P90: I even mapped out their routes! That would allow the drones to cover the entire base, and if they spotted a target they would swoop down to scatter makeup on them! Hehe, I'm sure P7 could never have thought of such a cunning plan—

Spitfire: And. Then?

P90: A-A-A-And then! And then I ended up with Welrod, and because I started copying Welrod, I...I forgot about those drones...

P90's voice trails off, and her eyes seem to be unfocused and darting around.

The only sound in the S.F. base, apart from Alchemist's exhausted laughter, is the quiet electrical hum of their communicators.

Welrod and Spitfire look at each other, suddenly unsure of what to say.

Spitfire: In other words...there is no epidemic in the base, big sis 75 isn't sick, and all of this happened because of...Miss Kalin's makeup?

P90: Yes...that's correct...

P90's voice is barely audible.

Spitfire: ...P7, P90... You two...

P7: Uuu... We're sorry... Big sis Spitfire, I can hear you cracking your knuckles from over there...

Silence washes over the S.F. base once again. At this point, even Alchemist has shut up to listen with a look of interest on her face.

P7: P90, didn't you say it would be safer if we came clean...

P90: You went into way too much detail...

P7: I thought our punishment would be lighter that way...

P90: I didn't expect Spitfire to get this angry...

Spitfire: ...Do the two of you really think I can't see what you're saying just because you reduced your font size?

P90: We're sorry we're sorry we're really really sorry...!

Alchemist: Well, since that's the end of your ridiculous antics, perhaps it's time for me to take my leave—

Welrod pins Alchemist down as she tries to get up.

Welrod MkⅡ: Although it is true that Alchemist is innocent regarding this incident...

Welrod MkⅡ: Her name is still "Alchemist", and there is no telling what other kind of contagion she could spread next time.

Welrod MkⅡ: Shall we...take her alive back to the base for research?

Spitfire: I have no problem with that.

P90: I'm not opposed to it...

P7>|: Research? Sure, sure—

Spitfire: However, when we get back...I want to make a condition for the both of you, P7, P90.

...

Halloween. Late at night.

Inside the Griffin base.

A thread on the message board has gotten a massive surge of replies in a short period of time. Unsurprisingly, the thread is created by MDR.

MDR: "Hehe, come see the exclusive pictures personally taken by everyone's favorite, MDR! I got this shot by accident while I was sending my drones out to collect intel in the evening. Remember to comment, subscribe, and smash that like button!"

MDR: "Did something happen between them this Halloween? MDR will investigate in person after this! Ahhh stop cutting in between my posts—"

...

The slightly blurry picture in the post depicts five distinct smiling faces.

—Of course, Alchemist is still wearing her usual mocking smile, which somewhat annoys Spitfire who's beside her, but it only serves to make MDR's post that much more popular.

Just A Hero Passing By: "I'm so moved by the Secret Special Search Team. They protected the people important to them..."

Cola is the Strongest: "P7 is such a dork, she messed up right from the start with her dumb prank ahahaha"

Do Dolls Eat Electric Pig?: "To think they'd cause such a big fiasco! I almost thought I wouldn't be able to make it until sifu comes back from her mission..."

Miss Tarot: "Huh, I wonder what we can do with Alchemist. It would be nice if she could help me with my fortune-telling..."

Low-key Fairy King: "Hehe, an alchemist, huh? Alchemist is perfect! Just the one I need to enrich my vaults—"

...Midnight.

In the secret room of the command center.

Commander: Is anybody out there? Will someone PLEASE let me out? It's past midnight already! It isn't even Halloween anymore!

Architect: This secret room really lives up to its name, hehe... You can scream until you go hoarse but nobody will hear you.

Commander: You speak like you own the place.

Architect: Because today was very amusing! And besides, nobody's come to lock me back up. Ah, freedom is bliss—

Commander: So you're not disappointed?

Architect: Hm? I have no idea what you're talking about.

Commander: You must feel upset that you didn't achieve your objective, right?

Architect: Hehe, I don't really hold grudges... And besides, it's fun to play around like this from time to time.

Architect: You, on the other hand, will probably have to wait until the celebration is over before someone remembers that you're locked up in here.

Commander: Damn...how troublesome it is to not have comms access...

Commander: Hey, tell you what, get someone to come rescue me. I'll make sure to have Kalina pay you back after I get out!

Architect: Heehee...in that case, you'll owe me one, Commander of Griffin♪