Man: Jeanie, this ship is about to sail for a war zone.

Man: Get off. You should be dancing at balls, radiant in your jewelry, not tracking through bullets and blood.

Paula Snow: You're wrong. I'm afraid of neither hardship nor death.

Paula Snow: The women of this country don't fear bullets. Their fathers died on the battlefield, so did their husbands and their sons. Who are you to strip us of our right to step on the battlefield?

Man: Jeanie... You are so beautiful and fragile, you can't protect...

Paula Snow: Protect. Do you think the weak consider themselves lucky to be protected?

Paula Snow: No, it is a disgrace to be powerless!

Paula Snow: Lamenting our inability to take destiny into our own hands, we shed tears in the agony of endless waiting.

Paula Snow: I would rather take up arms and fight by your side.

...

—From the motion picture "The Wave Wrangler".

Entertainment Reporter: This movie has won you three Best Actress awards. What similarities do you see between Jeanie and yourself?

Paula Snow: Similarities, hm... I would say that rather than waiting for things to happen, we are both the sort to take the initiative.

Paula Snow: Destiny is in our own hands, isn't it?

Entertainment Reporter: That's Paula Snow for you! There are rumors that you and the male lead are now in a relationship because of the movie—is that true?

Paula Snow: My acting must have been very convincing to have created such a misunderstanding.

Entertainment Reporter: Word has it that you've been invited to attend the charity ball hosted on the Aegean next month?

Paula Snow: I could use a vacation to put this story behind me.

Paula Snow: I am also honored to be able to do something for the children affected by the war.

Entertainment Reporter: Truly the righteous "Jeanie"! Will it take you long to leave this character behind?

Paula Snow: Hush... It's not a character...

Lewis: —"But someone who lives inside me."

Lewis: What an absolute icon! She's so eloquent!

Welrod MkII: Lewis, how much longer are you going to keep watching this interview?

MDR: Well, her idol—Miss Paula Snow—is on this very ship with her.

MDR: Sadly, the gulf between the first-class and third-class cabins is as wide as the Mariana Trench is deep—even the entrances are at different places.

MDR: Otherwise, she'd be off looking at the real deal instead of staring at her console.

M200: Cut her some slack. After all, she did win the cruise tickets from the Paula Snow Fan Club.

M200: Speaking of which, I still find it hard to believe—we just logged in every day and paid some virtual money, and she became Best Actress?

Welrod MkII: She's Best Actress because the judges chose her, I believe. The thing that Lewis had us log in every day was some sort of popularity ranking board, and the prize for doing the most to push Paula Snow to the top was the tickets for this cruise trip on the Aegean.

M200: But...didn't Lewis have all the Dolls help out with the vote? So why are the four of us the only ones here with her?

Welrod MkII: Uh, because we're the only ones who actually voted for her every single day. The others all gave up after two or three days...

Welrod MkII: Hold on, this troublemaker doesn't strike me as someone who would put in the effort to vote.

MDR: Hm? Me?

MDR: Hey! I'm an esteemed member of the gossip club, an exceptional camerawoman, and a multi-purpose, must-have Doll at any meet-and-greet!

Welrod MkII: ...

Lewis: Hush!

Lewis: I'll get to see Lady Paula's face in another five seconds!

MDR: Stop wasting time! Gimme that console!

Lewis: Hey! My Lady Paula—

MDR snatches the console from Lewis and tosses it in a perfect parabola. It lands firmly in Welrod's hands.

Thunder: Can we go to our rooms now? I promised M950A I'd show her what they look like.

MDR: You have a point. If we keep hanging around, the staff on the cruise might shoo us away for loitering.

Lewis: No, they won't. We have tickets.

Lewis: Seriously, can't we pay extra for an upgrade to the first-class cabin…? Maybe I should ask the Commander for my salary next year to be paid in advance...

Welrod MkII: Hold your horses. First-class tickets aren't even sold to the public.

Lewis: Ahh... I'm breathing the same sea air as my idol~

Lewis: Basically, we're on vacation together!

MDR: ...Pfft, if all wishful thinking came true, I'd be a millionaire right now.

MDR: So? Are we spending our entire vacation cooped up in this tiny room?

Lewis: Nope, there are lots of locations on this grand cruise that are perfect for recreating scenes!

M200: Recreating scenes?

...

M200: Jeanie, this ship is about to sail for a war zone.

M200: Get off. You should be dancing at balls, radiant in your jewelry, not tracking through bullets and blood.

Lewis: You're wrong. I'm afraid of neither hardship nor death.

Lewis: The women of this country don't fear bullets. Their fathers died on the battlefield, so did their husbands and their sons. Who are you to strip us of our right to step on the battlefield?

M200: Jeanie... You are so beautiful and fragile, you can't protect...

Lewis: Protect. Do you think the weak consider themselves lucky to be protected?

Lewis: No, it is a disgrace to be powerless!

Lewis: Lamenting our inability to take destiny into our own hands, we shed tears in the agony of endless waiting.

Lewis: I would rather take up arms and fight by your side.

MDR: Cut, cut, cut!

MDR: Lewis, your eyes aren't expressing enough feelings! And can't you loosen up a bit? This isn't even remotely close to what the scene is supposed to be!

Lewis: I-I'm playing my idol's role... How can I possibly relax?

Lewis: Being an actor is hard...

There is a series of snaps...

Thunder: I'm sharing this behind-the-scenes pic with M950A. Lewis' mouth looks funny in this one.

Welrod MkII: Pardon me, but how much longer do I have to stand here?

Lewis: Oh, the soldier stands guard over there throughout the scene. This role suits you, Welrod!

Welrod MkII: That's not the point. Why are we even recreating scenes from the movie?

Lewis: Apparently, "The Wave Wrangler" was shot on the Aegean!

Lewis: Many people come aboard just to recreate scenes from the movie and take pictures~

Welrod MkII: How fanatical...

Thunder: There's one more scene left.

Lewis: Ahem, where were we?

M200: Let me see... Jeanie is about to force the male protagonist to bring her along by threatening to jump ship...

MDR: C'mon, hurry up! The camera is getting impatient!

MDR: And don't jump into the sea for real. We can fudge it with the swimming pool.

Lewis: (Ahem, I'm ready.)

Lewis: Why do you hesitate? You're just scared that I would...!

Thud!

Lewis: Whoa!

Splash!

M200: Lewis?!

MDR: Why am I seeing doubles on my camera?

Welrod MkII: Don't just stand there! Get them out of the water!

Fortunately, the pool isn't too deep. Welrod drags a person out of the water quickly.

When she looks up, she sees that Thunder has also jumped into the pool and saved the other one.

Welrod MkII: ...

Welrod MkII: Two Lewises?

Thunder: No, someone jumped from the upper decks and fell on Lewis.

Thunder: Looks like a woman.

Welrod MkII: ...

!

Welrod MkII: M200, duck!

M200: !

Lewis: Ugh... (Coughs)

Lewis: W-What's going on?!

MDR: Snap out of it and come up here!

Thunder: Multiple hostile signals approaching—it's the security droids on the ship.

Welrod MkII: Prepare for battle!

???: ...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

In the cabin...

M200: It's safe outside for the moment. Have those security droids been taken care of?

MDR: They've all been tossed into the sea. I was going to delete their visual records...

MDR: But Thunder was very thorough with them and there's nothing left for me to do.

Welrod MkII: There's something fishy about these droids… I'm heading outside for a look. I'll let you know if I find anything unusual.

M200: Please be careful!

Thunder: Say, where's the woman now?

M200: Lewis is watching her.

...

???: ...

Lewis: ...

Lewis: Those security droids didn't come for us, so you'd better explain yourself.

Lewis: Don't try to fudge your way through with some stupid excuse.

Lewis: You even messed up my plans...

Lewis: Hey, say something!

???: ...

The door is pushed open lightly and a woman steps out holding a towel.

Her long hair is still dripping with water, and her face, free of makeup, looks gaunt and tired under the tungsten light.

Nevertheless, she still looks radiant and captivating, though her beauty is marred by a startling bloody gash on one side of her cheek...

Paula Snow: ...I'm sorry...

Lewis: ...

MDR: Hey, isn't this Paul...?

Lewis: Paula Snow?!

Lewis: Are you Paula Snow? You've got to be her!

Lewis checks and checks again. She's got to be dreaming.

The figure which she has only ever seen on a screen is suddenly standing right before her eyes... She feels the sudden urge to electrocute herself...

She electrifies her right hand...and quietly pokes her other arm... Once, twice, three times...

Still nothing. She's got to be dreaming, right...? If this is a sweet dream, she hope she'll never wake up from it—

MDR: Ahhhh! Lewis, what are you doing?!

Lewis: Uh... So this is real...

Lewis: Paula Snow is actually standing in front of me in the flesh...

The woman smiles apologetically, though it looks rather forced due to the her tired eyes and the gash on her face.

Thunder: She really is a star! Should we ask for an autograph?

Welrod MkII: I think that should wait.

Lewis: ...W-What happened to your face...?

Paula Snow: I...

She manages to get out that one word before tears start streaming down her face.

Sensing her own weakness, she refuses to say anything more, lest the chattering of her teeth betrays her fear and affliction.

M200: Let's get you a hot tea to warm you up first.

Paula Snow: ...Thank you... Sorry, I-I'm making a fool of myself...

Now seated on a chair, Paula takes a sip of tea to force a sob down and put up a strong front.

She seems more reassured with something to lean back into.

Paula Snow: They...

Paula Snow: I'm... I'm sorry, I don't really know where to start...

Paula Snow: But I... Sorry...

Paula keeps apologizing profusely, but is otherwise incoherent in her highly distressed state.

Lewis: D-Don't get worked up!

Lewis: We're not here to interrogate you, r-relax!

M200: Miss Snow, do you know where the security droids came from?

Paula Snow: ...I don't know... I-I didn't do anything...

Thunder: They weren't carrying standard issue weapons.

Thunder: Have you antagonized anyone lately?

Paula Snow: N...No, I only came aboard because I was invited... If I'd known something like this would happen, I...I wouldn't have come at all...

Lewis walks up to Paula and gently drapes a blanket over her shoulders, her eyes filled with sympathy.

Lewis: Don't worry, you're safe here. Y-You can trust us.

Paula grips Lewis' hand softly. Despite the cup of hot tea, her hand is still cold.

Paula Snow: ...Thank you.

Lewis: I...I adore your movies and only...managed to get on this ship through days of hard work. It...It would be my honor to...to ensure your personal safety!

MDR: Is this really the time? Our priority should be to figure out what's going on!

M200: That's true. Miss Snow, we don't wish to infringe on your privacy.

M200: But since there seems to be more dangerous security droids on the ship, you should stay with us for the time being.

Paula Snow: ...You saved me, so of course I trust you.

Paula Snow: You're definitely not with them... Y-You're the only ones I can trust right now.

The tea seems to have finally calmed Paula down.

She takes out her a lipstick—in the shade of maple leaves in fall—from her pocket and dabs it lightly on her lips. Life and vigor return to her face, along with her sense and usual poise.

Paula Snow: B-But I don't want to get you involved in this...this troublesome matter.

Lewis: Your safety is what matters here!

Lewis: Besides, we're Tactical Dolls—we're pretty strong.

Paula Snow: You are...

Lewis: We are very capable Tactical Dolls under the employment of Griffin & Kryuger PMC.

MDR: My, she even thumped her chest.

Paula Snow: ...Tactical Dolls... Can you...really help me?

Paula Snow: No—it's still too dangerous.

Lewis: Our usual training is way tougher than this.

MDR: Don't jinx it!

Paula Snow: Really?

Paula Snow: ...B-But this is the mafia we're talking about...

Thunder: Mafia? Isn't this supposed to be a famous cruise?

Lewis: I thought tickets weren't sold to the public? Even our tickets were prizes from your fan club...

Paula Snow: I don't know... I was invited to attend the charity ball. I had a bit too much to drink at the restaurant, so I headed out onto the deck for some fresh air, then I overheard a conversation.

Paula Snow: I didn't pay much attention to what they were talking about, but I did catch a few words like "weapons", "killing" or something... Before I could even react, they knocked me out...

Lewis: So that's what happened to your face.

Paula Snow: When I woke up...I found myself locked inside a room. I managed to escape...b-but they spotted me.

Paula Snow: I had no choice but to jump out of the window...

Lewis: We're here now. It'll be alright.

Paula's face is streaked with tears, but even in this disheveled state, she still has the resplendent air of a star.

Meanwhile, the utterly starstruck Lewis is making all kinds of tall promises, leaving the rest of the Dolls to exchange hesitant glances.

MDR: Are we getting involved or not?

M200: Should we contact the Commander first?

Lewis: But we're on holiday. We'd look like wimps if we had to bother the Commander over something like this.

Thunder: Those security droids were decked with illegal weapons which have no business being on a regular cruise. Something is fishy about this.

MDR: If you put it that way... Aren't we also carrying illegal weapons?

Welrod MkII: ...We're T-Dolls.

MDR: Hey, just because we're of different models doesn't excuse us from carrying illicit firearms, right?

Thunder: You have a point. Then maybe they also consider us a danger?

M200: Which is why we've dismantled our guns and hidden all the parts!

M200: Nobody should've noticed.

Welrod MkII: This illustrates the necessity of being dressed appropriately to blend in.

MDR: Huh... So basically, we can ask the Commander for money to buy clothes for this kind of thing in the future?

M200: Well...

Lewis: Hey, stop going off-topic!

Lewis: Lady Paula, your safety is what matters most here!

Lewis: If...If anything happened to you, it would be a massive loss to the film industry!

Paula Snow: ...You give me too much credit, but I am hardly that important.

Lewis: That's not true! That's what you mean to us, isn't that right?!

M200: Huh?

Lewis: YES OR NO?!

M200: Uh... Y-Yes, a-absolutely!

Lewis: "Whoever kills to silence the innocent must be covering up crimes even more heinous."

Paula Snow: ...

Paula Snow: That's a line from "Double Life"...!

Lewis: Yes, it's the movie with your breakthrough role, and it describes our situation perfectly.

Lewis: If they attacked you, who is innocent, someone must be up to no good, and we can't just sit here and let that happen!

Lewis: At the very least, we must protect you until the cruise safely reaches shore!

On the deck...

Lewis: Right, is everyone here?

Welrod MkII: ...I object to this plan!

Lewis: Why?

Welrod MkII: It's against common sense to act without having all the information.

Lewis: But this is an emergency, which is why we need to act on the fly!

Welrod MkII: I know you wish to create a safe environment for your idol.

Welrod MkII: But Lewis, you are planning to infiltrate the VIP rooms to search for suspicious culprits. This is illegal, especially since we don't have a warrant and are simply here on vacation.

Lewis: But if we don't find these gangsters tonight, they would have all the traces cleaned up by tomorrow.

Lewis: Our action is justified as long as the mafia is operating on the cruise.

Welrod MkII: It's still unsanctioned...

Lewis: I understand your concern, which is why we'll be sneaky about it... We'll just verify the guests' identities and search for weapons, okay?

MDR: To be honest, I also think Lewis' plan is necessary. If the mafia really is on board, all passengers on the ship—celebrity or not—are in danger. We should run a search just to be safe. After all, the security droids we ran into before really were unreasonably well-armed.

M200: Wow, why are you so cooperative today?

MDR: I'm just analyzing it from a security point of view, okay?

Thunder: I've studied the floor plan of the ship. The VIP area takes up two floors. It's mostly connected by straight corridors so the layout is pretty simple, but there are quite a lot of rooms.

Thunder: Our best option is to split up and search multiple rooms at the same time. However, all the corridors are guarded by security droids. It won't be easy searching the area room by room.

Lewis: It wouldn't be a challenge otherwise! "The road ahead is fraught with unknown dangers. Only with courage will we be able to overcome them."

Lewis: Oh, that's another one of Jeanie's lines!

Welrod MkII: You guys are hopeless.

Lewis: We're all here, so we're all in this together! That's what it means to be friends!

Welrod MkII: Is that also Jeanie's line?

Lewis: Nope, that's Lewis' line!

M200: It should be okay to split up. Then let's discuss how we go about it.

M200: The VIP rooms can only be entered with an ID pass. Even with Miss Snow's, we can't all use it at the same time.

M200: Which is why before we start, we must first crack all the entry locks. Then we can split up and slip into the VIP rooms on the two floors to investigate.

M200: Meanwhile, MDR will monitor the situation in the VIP area and alert us to withdraw if anything is amiss.

M200: Anyone got anything to add?

Lewis: Me, me, me! I do!

Lewis: I-I'm just worried about Lady Paula...

Lewis: Are we really leaving her all alone in this room? Someone might try to harm her!

Thunder: Don't worry, I've prepared a communicator for her and pointed out the quickest route of escape.

Thunder: If anything happens, she'll be able to get to safety and contact us immediately.

Welrod MkII: Right, that should be enough. Let's go.

Plump Man: The "fish" is in position. Where is the "bait"?

???: Already waiting in the cargo bay. But does this really count as being in position?

Plump Man: ...Who could've known this meddling woman would mess up the plan...

Plump Man: Has it still not been caught? The sooner we get our hands on the "bait", the better.

???: Hey, the "fish" hasn't bitten yet~

???: Say, that woman... Are you sure you didn't leak the time and location?

Plump Man: I swear to God it wasn't me!

???: I do hope you're not blaspheming.

Plump Man: So what do we do now?

???: Be patient, sir. This ship is like a large aquarium. The shark is stuck in here; it can't swim its way back into the Pacific Ocean.

Plump Man: Of course you don't see the rush!

Plump Man: But that—

???: I know. We totally understand its value.

Plump Man: Then hurry up!

Plump Man: We can't rest easy when we don't have what we want.

...

VIP passage.

Welrod MkII: This is Welrod. Thunder and I are in position.

M200: This is M200. Lewis and I are also standing by. MDR, what's the situation?

MDR: I've got a handle on the clearance system base code. The coding is military-grade. I gotta say, this ship is really super high-class.

Lewis: Alright, then let's be off!

M200: MDR, start hacking!
Part 2

2

In a certain VIP room.

Lewis: This is the last room. Other than some boring and over-the-top décor, I don't see anything in here.

Thunder: My room is also empty.

M200: Same here. I think the resident of this room is just some regular rich guy.

Welrod MkII: I've even searched the second-class cabin downstairs. Nothing unusual either...

Welrod MkII: Are you sure this is the place? Should we confirm it again with Miss Snow?

Lewis: Lady Paula would not lie to us! It's got to be here! I...I'll look again!

Lewis conducts another search around the room. She has checked each sheet of paper on the desk three times.

However, there's still nothing suspicious in the room.

Lewis: Dammit! Why isn't there anything?!

MDR: Watch out! About a dozen people are heading from the ballroom to the VIP rooms. The corridor is already within their view! Do not exit your rooms!

MDR: Hide somewhere close!

Lewis: What? S-Someone actually lives inside this room. Where am I supposed to hide...?

Welrod MkII: There are ventilation ducts in all the rooms. That should work!

Lewis: Ugh, it's so dirty in there!

Welrod MkII: Is this really the time to worry about sanitation?!

The footsteps grow louder. Lewis can even hear the sound of rustling clothes outside the door.

Lewis: Hm, don't panic. There must be a good hiding spot. Let me see...

MDR: You're running out of time! They're opening the door!

Lewis: Huh?!

...

???: ...

???: Are they all settled?

Respectful Voice: Yes, everything is going according to plan.

???: Right.

Lewis: ...

Welrod MkII: Lewis? Lewis?

Welrod MkII: Are you exposed?

Lewis: No... I'm in the wardrobe.

Lewis: They won't spot me.

Lewis: I hope...

???: What about things on "Eric's" end?

Respectful Voice: He disappeared... Should I send someone to investigate?

???: Humph, I knew it wouldn't go that smoothly. There's always something!

???: Never mind, just leave it. I needed that kind of cunning, but now I absolutely hate it!

Respectful Voice: Then what...

???: There's a celebrity attending the charity ball tomorrow night, right...?

Respectful Voice: I understand.

Lewis: Celebrity...? Are they talking about Lady Paula?

Lewis opens the wardrobe door by a crack to take a peek at the people inside the room.

Lewis: ...I can't see a thing! Why are they talking in the dark?!

Lewis is just about to adjust her position to take a better look through the gap...

When the wardrobe doors are flung open.

Lewis: !!!

With bated breath, Lewis watches as an arm hovers above her head... The person seems to be choosing a shirt to wear.

Lewis: ...?

Lewis: (This cufflink...)

A feather-shaped cufflink flashes before Lewis' eyes. She is reminded of that terrible cut on Paula Snow's exquisite face.

Respectful Voice: Boss, it's time.

???: Right, let's go.

...

Lewis: ...

Welrod MkII: Does your attacker have any distinguishing features?

Paula Snow: I think it was a man who hit me. His cufflink cut my cheek.

Paula Snow: I only saw him for a split second, but he was very tastefully dressed. His clothes definitely weren't something regular rich people could afford.

Lewis: So he wasn't just any rich millionaire...?

Back in the room in the third-class cabin.

Thunder: Looks like the man with that cufflink has something to do with this.

Thunder: But we haven't been able to find any weapons in his possession... We can't just accuse him.

Paula Snow: Surely they won't do anything outrageous in public at the charity ball?

Lewis: You escaped from them. They will definitely target you again. You will not be safe for the duration of this voyage.

Paula Snow: ...If I didn't attend the ball, the sum of penalty for breaching the contract would be astronomical, I would also get my agency into trouble...

Lewis: But...I still think you shouldn't go! The enemies are lurking in the shadows and you're all by yourself...

Paula Snow: That's out of the question...

Lewis: Well...

Lewis: Why don't I go with you?!

MDR: Just a friendly reminder that with third-class tickets, we aren't allowed to attend the charity ball.

M200: Actually, have any of you realized...?

M200's gaze shifts over to Lewis and Paula Snow.

Thunder: ...

Welrod MkII: ...Hm, that could work.

Lewis: Huh? What do you mean? Stop talking in riddles!

...
Part 3

3

Attention – The connection between points have shifted.
Part 4

4

Attention – The connection between points have shifted.
Part 5

5

【HINT】 Control Panel I has been activated.
Part 6

    6chevron_right

Shift the connection between points with the Control Panel.

Server: Miss Snow, we have been looking forward to your arrival!

Server: We have arranged a private waiting area for you. Should I escort you there?

Paula Snow: ...Uh, no thank you. I can make my way there on my own.

Server: This bottle of champagne has been reserved specially for you—your favorite year.

The server hands over a champagne flute filled with pale golden liquid smelling of aromatic mixed fruit.

Paula Snow: ...Thank you.

Server: I hope it is to your liking.

Server: Please enjoy the ball tonight.

Paula Snow: ...Sure.

Backstage area of the charity ball.

Paula Snow: Phew... I'm finally in!

MDR: Please, you just walked through the door! Why are you so nervous?!

Paula Snow: Miss Lewis is doing a wonderful job.

Paula Snow: Even I can't impersonate someone else with so little time to prepare.

Lewis: You're too kind, Lady Paula!!!

Paula Snow: Just Paula, please. That's what my friends call me.

Lewis: P...Paula, c-can I really call you that?

Paula Snow: Of course, you are all my friends.

Lewis: This...This makes me so happy!!!

Welrod MkII: May I remind you that you're on a mission here.

Lewis: Oh, right, I am the superstar Paula Snow, here to find the man with feather cufflinks!

M200: You don't have to say it out loud.

???: Paula, it's been a while!

Lewis: (Who's this???)

Lewis: ...It really has.

???: I love "The Wave Wrangler"! I planned this trip just to see you!

Lewis: ...Ha...haha... Fancy seeing you here.

???: This isn't a chance meeting though. I am pursuing you one-sidedly.

???: Would you do me the honor of spending some time with me outside later tonight?

M200: This guy's cufflinks aren't feather-shaped.

Lewis: Sorry, I'm feeling a bit under the weather. Being in the wind gives me a headache.

???: That's a real shame.

Lewis is just about to find somewhere to sit down when another man approaches her. From his demeanor, he must've known Paula for at least ten days.

???: I thought you're the main act tonight. Why are you here so early?

Lewis: ...That's none of your business.

???: ???

???: Paula?

Paula Snow: ...Um, that's Kane, the male lead in "The Wave Wrangler".

Lewis: Oh my god, he looks so different in real life! Even his fans wouldn't recognize him in person!

Kane: Paula?

Kane: Who are you talking to?

MDR: He means you!

Lewis: Oh, nothing. I'm just feeling a bit tired today. I thought I'd come early so that I can leave and turn in early as well.

Kane: Are you drunk?

Kane: These kinds of charity balls don't tend to end before midnight, not to mention you're the final act. You can't leave early...

Kane: You should go easy on the booze and drink some more coffee.

Kane: Or...we could do something else to clear your head?

Lewis: ...I don't need booze or coffee.

M200: Jeez, even celebrities have to suffer so much harassment.

Paula Snow: ...Actors are always different from the roles they play in movies.

Paula Snow: Movies are art, after all, and ordinary people have no place in art.

Lewis: I feel so sorry that you have to deal with people like this, Paula!

Thunder: Your priority is to search for the man with the feather cufflinks. Don't get distracted.

Lewis: Alright!

Kane: Paula, what's wrong with you today? You don't seem to be paying any attention to me.

Lewis: (You've got to have something that's worth my attention, for god's sake!)

Lewis: ...No, I'm just not feeling very well.

Kane: Does seeing me not cheer you up? Shouldn't that have cured you of whatever it is?

Lewis: ...

Lewis: Sorry, I need to go!

Kane: Wait, you've got to explain yourself...!

Lewis: Ugh... Don't touch me... Whoa!

While pulling away from Kane, Lewis slips, but just before she falls, another pair of arms catch her.

Lewis: Oh, sorry...

Lewis quickly regains her footing and finds that it was a young man who caught her.

???: It's alright...

???: Oh, Miss Snow!

Lewis: Uh, hello...

???: It is a great honor to attend this ball with you, Miss Snow.

Lewis: ...Thank you.

???: The ball won't officially begin until another half an hour. I'm surprised that you don't seem to put on any airs despite being a superstar.

???: You truly deserved winning Best Actress for "The Wave Wrangler". My friends and I couldn't even set up a proper bet because we were all certain that you would win.

Lewis: "The Wave Wrangler" really is a fantastic movie!

Thunder: Do you see his cufflinks?!

Lewis: ...It's him!

???: Who?

Lewis: Hahaha, oh, nothing. Um, I'd like to have some fruit at the resting area. Would you like to come?

???: Huh... I thought female celebrities don't eat at all.

Lewis: ...Fruit is fine.

???: Then should we head over to the resting area now?

Lewis: Sure.

Kane: Hey, Paula! You're just leaving with him? Do you know him?

Lewis: ...

Welrod MkII: Paula, do you know this man?

M200: Paula?

Welrod MkII: That's strange, she's offline...

MDR: That shouldn't happen. She's in our room, why would she get disconnected?!

Welrod MkII: It could be bad reception. Lewis, play it by ear for now and see how things play out. We're all standing by in the corridor. If anything happens, just let us know.

Lewis: Huh?! But I...

???: Alright, missy. He's gone now, so you can drop the act.

???: Hand it to me.

Lewis: ...Who are you?

Valentin: You can call me Valentin.

Valentin: I'm generally very patient with pretty girls, but there's a limit even to my patience.

Lewis: Really? Same here!

Lewis: Actually, I don't quite understand...

Valentin: ...Don't play dumb with me. Surely you know what's good for you, missy?

Welrod MkII: What's going on?

Thunder: I have a bad feeling about this...

...!

The alarm suddenly goes off, and everyone at the resting area instantly becomes uneasy.

Lewis: !

Lewis: What just happened?

Valentin: That sounds like a fire alarm. There's probably an accident somewhere on the ship...

Valentin: But that doesn't concern you. Just hand over the stuff...

Lewis: Seriously, what on earth are you talking about?

Staff: Sir, I have bad news!

Valentin: Pull yourself together and slow down. Don't frighten the lady.

Staff: Uh...

Lewis: ...?

Staff: Sorry... But we just discovered that a fire has broken out in your room and sounded the alarm...

Valentin: What about my contracts…

Valentin: I mean, is it possible to get any of my personal belongings out of the room?

Staff: I'm sorry, the fire is very big... It's impossible to enter the room right now. I'm afraid...

Valentin: What?!

Valentin: This goddamned...!! Escort this lady back to her room for now. I'll go and have a look myself.

Lewis: ...

Back in the room.

MDR: Are you done changing?!

Lewis: I'm done, I'm done! It was a real pain dealing with the security droids wearing this!

Lewis: Say, where's the outfit that just got laundered?

Welrod MkII: Just put on the original one. What's up with the alarm just now?

Lewis: Valentin's room was on fire. I haven't even gotten around to asking him about the mafia...

Lewis: What happened to Paula?

Welrod MkII: There are no signs of struggle in the room, so she probably wasn't abducted. But if that's the case, we have no way of determining her whereabouts.

Welrod MkII: Besides, judging by your conversation with Valentin, he doesn't sound like someone who means her any harm...

MDR: ...Lewis, did you put the statuette in the dressing room?

Lewis: Statuette?

Lewis turns around and sees MDR coming out of the dressing room with an extravagant-looking figurine which looks oddly familiar...

Lewis: I never took any statuettes. Hasn't this always been in there?

Lewis takes it and studies it up close.

Lewis: But it looks really familiar. I must've seen it somewhere...

...

Lewis: Hm? Who's there?

Slam!

The door is forced open and ten security droids file into the room.

Security Droid: You are under arrest for arson and theft.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

On the deck.

The Griffin Dolls sprint down the deck. There is little to no time for them to make sense of everything that's happened...

Lewis: I got it!

M200: What?

Lewis: That statuette was in Valentin's room! He must've planted it on me!

M200: But how? There are sensors in our room! Any stranger that entered would've triggered the alarm!

Welrod MkII: We must ask Paula about this.

Lewis: You suspect my idol?!

Welrod MkII: No, but right now she is the center of all this mystery.

M200: I think our priority is to hide.

Lewis: Why should we?! We didn't start any fire or steal anything! Valentin is trying to frame us!

Lewis: If we don't get to the bottom of this, we'll end up taking the blame!

M200: Look at that screen!

Warning—there has been an arson and theft perpetrated by a Tactical Doll from an unknown company.

This is the CCTV footage. If you spot the culprit, please report to the security room. Do not confront her on your own to avoid injuries.

M200: We're now wanted criminals...

MDR: Thanks, Captain Obvious!

M200: The question is—where did that CCTV footage come from?

M200: Wasn't Lewis at the charity ball? How could she be caught stealing on CCTV?

Welrod MkII: There are so many perplexing questions...

Welrod MkII: This vacation doesn't feel like a vacation at all.

M200: Say, when was the last time you saw Thunder?

Lewis stops in her tracks and looks back at the group.

No matter how many times she counts, there are only four of them.

MDR: She's gone.

Lewis: ...

In a certain room...

The room should have been locked, but right now the door is left slightly ajar.

It is completely silent inside, but the person at the door knows she will find who she is looking for in there.

...!

Thunder: Lewis?

Thunder asks in a matter-of-fact tone, as if to confirm a guess.

A figure whirls around by the window. It is a familiar face.

Lewis: ...

Lewis: Look, I found Valentin's transaction records! He really is part of the mafia that's been all over the news lately! They specialize in international arms dealing...

Thunder: Transaction records? What are you talking about?

Lewis: Documents with Valentin's signature! He seems like a pretty big deal~

Lewis: We've caught a big fish this time!!!

Thunder: Can you show me?

Lewis: Sure, but let's meet up with the others first.

Thunder: Stop right there.

Thunder disables the safety on her pistol and aims the muzzle at "Lewis".

Thunder: You used us to distract him just to get your hands on this.

Thunder: Am I right, Miss Snow?

Lewis: ...

Lewis: When did you find out?

Thunder: From the moment you put on that pathetic show of "jumping out of the window".

Paula Snow: Oh? Right from the start?

Paula Snow: So why didn't you expose me sooner?

Thunder: Lewis loves you. We all know that.

Paula Snow: I am genuinely grateful for that.

Thunder: She came aboard just for you. She's been asking all the Dolls at Griffin to vote for you every day for a really long time.

Thunder: But you are nothing like the characters you played in the movies.

Thunder: Those are dazzling people who have been embellished for the sake of art, while you are just a cunning woman of dubious origin.

Paula Snow: Very disappointing, I know...

Paula Snow: Well, how did you track me down?

Thunder: I've placed a micro tracker on Lewis' clothes.

Paula Snow: I really underestimated you.

Thunder: Explain yourself.

Paula Snow: Oh, where to begin?

Thunder: Start from when you jumped out of the window and fell onto Lewis...

Thunder: Or when you pretended you didn't know we were T-Dolls...

Paula Snow: Then prepare yourself for a long story...

In another room.

Lewis: She's not in here either! Dammit, where the hell is she?!

Lewis: If...If anything happens to Thunder because of me...

MDR: Hey, you're not blaming yourself, are you?!

MDR: We're T-Dolls. We're not gonna get ourselves killed on a freaking cruise.

Welrod MkII: Do you still think Paula Snow is innocent?

Lewis: Maybe the mafia really is involved...

Welrod MkII: Wake up, Lewis. She may be your idol...

Welrod MkII: But look at that woman in the CCTV footage. She's the only one with a similar figure to yours.

Lewis: ...But why would she do this?

M200: We'll only know when we track her down...

M200: But first, we need to find Thunder.

MDR: But where?! I'm not detecting her signal at all...

Lewis: Valentin!

MDR: Hm?

Lewis: No matter what Lady Paula...

Lewis: No matter what her aim is, it's got to have something to do with Valentin.

In the conference room.

Valentin: Sir, you'd better give me an explanation.

Valentin: What's the deal with those Dolls?

Plump Man: Shouldn't you be doing the explaining?

Valentin: Hey, you don't think you have the say here, do you?

Valentin: I'm just an innocent merchant, but even a merchant would shoot if pushed far enough.

Valentin: Why did you send someone to burn my contracts?

Valentin: It's not just your transactions in there...

Plump Man: ...What are you talking about? Stop framing us for what we didn't do. We should be working together here.

Valentin: Sir, the "fish" is dead. Why would I prepare another "bait"?

Plump Man: ...Mr. Valentin, you...you deliberately...

Plump Man: You know who's behind us—

—!

Valentin: Ugh, what a drag...

Plump Man: You—!

After a few gunshots, the floor is covered in a pool of blood.

Valentin: Clean this up. We're going to settle the score with those lost goldfish.

In another room.

Thunder: Have you figured out how to cut the long story short?

Paula Snow: Patience, my dear~

Paula Snow: We women can be quite fussy.

Thunder aims her pistol at Paula's moving hand.

Thunder: Please do me the favor of not letting your thoughts wander while we're talking.

Paula Snow: Relax, I'm just trying to give myself some courage.

Paula Snow fishes out an object from her pocket under Thunder's watchful gaze.

She slowly uncurls her fingers to reveal a lipstick—the same one that she used the previous night.

Paula Snow: For us, lipstick isn't just a cosmetic item, but a weapon.

Paula Snow: Even as we're headed to the guillotine, blood will dye our lips red one last time.

Thunder: Thanks to Lewis, I've seen that film before.

Thunder: Your performance was absolutely riveting—as expected of a professional actress. It's such a treat that we get to enjoy your world-class acting from up close without having to pay for a ticket.

Paula Snow: Thank you, I happily accept all your compliments.

Paula Snow: Say...none of your colleagues have been in touch since we started talking, is that really okay?

Thunder: ...

Thunder tries to contact the other Dolls, but her face soon darkens.

Paula Snow walks up to Thunder with a smile.

Paula Snow: Finally noticed the problem with your reception?

Paula Snow: How does it feel to be gobbled up by a fish you're trying to hunt?

Thunder: Stop!

Paula Snow: When I bagged Lewis' clothes... I waited for you to spot what I was doing before I made my move.

Thunder: What...are you planning to do?

Paula Snow: Your colleagues should've noticed by now...

Paula Snow twists her lipstick back into the tube.

Thunder: Noticed what?

The metal casing of the lipstick turns lightly in Snow's fingers and the cap pops open...

Thunder: ...

Thunder grabs Snow's hand and the lipstick falls onto the floor.

The lipstick cap looks utterly ordinary.

Thunder: What?

Meanwhile, Thunder feels a cold metal object being pressed against her waist.

A strong electric current assaults her.

Thunder: Ugh...

Paula Snow: Sweet dreams, Miss Thunder.

Paula Snow: I would never underestimate Tactical Dolls like you.

Paula Snow: You'd better work harder to live up to my expectations~

On the deck.

MDR: Hm? I remember it was in this direction?

Welrod MkII: There's no sign of the security droids. How strange.

Lewis: Look! By the pool!

MDR: The pool?

MDR: Oh, a security droid!

The Griffin Dolls immediately go on alert, but the droid is merely lying prone on the side of the pool, half of its body submerged in the water, utterly still.

MDR: Is it...taking a dip?

M200: Hold on, come take a look at this!

The Dolls notice the seven or eight security droids in the water only when they approach the swimming pool.

Welrod MkII: Did...Did Thunder do this?

Lewis: No, I think they jumped into the pool themselves after they got hacked... Hm?

Welrod inspects the droid sprawled on the side of the pool and finds a familiar device in its grip.

MDR: Hey, isn't this the communicator we gave Paula Snow?

MDR: So SHE took out all these droids?!

Welrod MkII: ...

Lewis: ...That's quite impressive...

M200: How's the communicator?

Welrod MkII: Still functional. Also...there's a floor plan on it.

M200: A floor plan?

Lewis: It's a floor plan of the Aegean's internal structure... It shows all the safety passages on the ship, including every single room in the VIP area.

MDR: Miss Superstar must've left this for us.

Welrod MkII: If she's capable of taking out the security droids, does that mean she can get off the ship anytime?

Lewis: Not necessarily... The cargo bay has been marked with an asterisk. The label reads...

Lewis: Thunder.

MDR: What does that mean? Is Thunder in the cargo bay?

MDR: Why would she know that?

Welrod MkII: Your guess is as good as mine. In any case, this is the only lead we've got.

Lewis: Even if it's a trap, we have no choice but to go.

Lewis: We can't abandon our friend.

MDR: But what about your precious idol?

Lewis: Hey, one is an out-of-reach idol and the other is a friend who's been through thick and thin with me!

Welrod MkII: You've got to say that to Thunder in person...

M200: She'll be so touched!

Somewhere on the cruise.

...!

In the dimly-lit space, a security droid lands a heavy punch on Thunder's face.

Valentin: ...Tsk!

Valentin: I should've prepared some electronic tools. Regular weapons can't get a T-Doll to talk.

Thunder: ...Paula Snow...

Valentin: Where is the thing?

Thunder tries to shift her body, but she is tightly bound to a chair by a metal chain and cannot move at all.

Valentin: You'd better tell me where you've hidden it before this ship reaches shore, or else...

Valentin: I don't mind tying you to the anchor and sinking you to the bottom of the sea.

Thunder: ...

Valentin: Get her head up.

The security droid grabs Thunder by her hair and jerks it back, forcing her to look up.

Thunder: Ugh...!

Valentin: I've killed your master already, so show some sense.

Valentin: I'll put it plainly—the Mermaid's Heart. Do you get it now?

Thunder: ...I heard every single word, but I don't understand it when they're strung together.

Thunder: We don't have what you're talking about.

Valentin picks up the pistol from the table and checks that it is loaded.

Valentin: I've killed plenty of humans...

Valentin: But Dolls? This will be a first.

He trains the muzzle on Thunder's shoulder and pulls the trigger.

...

Valentin: Now, you have the honor of becoming the first...

—!

Thunder: ...!

Valentin: Ow!

Valentin's pistol flies out of his hand, which is now dripping with blood. He stumbles back a few steps.

A figure has suddenly appeared in an even darker corner high up inside the cargo bay.

Valentin: ...Who's there?! Show yourself this instant!

???: "It isn't darkness that obscures your eyes, but your hubris. I shall make you see again—as retribution befalls you."

Lewis: And so, here I am.

Thunder: ...Lewis.

Lewis: I'm so glad to see that it wasn't Paula who abducted you.

Lewis: I can't help but quote her movie again!

Valentin: You lot...

Thunder: Watch out!

—

The spotlights suddenly come on, illuminating the entire cargo bay.

A large amount of military weaponry is stored here, and a troop of security droids are entering combat mode.

Thunder: Bootleg weapons...

Lewis: ...B-Bootleg weapons?

Valentin: People just keep getting in the way ever since I cut this deal! I see that you can't wait to go to hell!

Under Valentin's order, the security droids start launching an attack.

However, the droid in the lead collapses onto the floor at the sound of a loud gunshot.

M200: Just because we were waiting outside the door doesn't make us useless decoration.

The Griffin Dolls appear inside the cargo bay one after the other. Soon, Thunder is freed from her binding.

The Dolls, now reunited, all aim their weapons at Valentin.

But the man merely smirks nonchalantly.

Valentin: Oh please, you are standing in front of a private arms dealing mogul. I have all the weapons I need.

Valentin: Behold! The "Supernova Warframe", absolutely one-of-a-kind! Just the monthly maintenance fee is enough to buy several dozens of you!

Valentin: Oh, I'm doing you a real honor here—I'm actually busting out this baby! You'd better be worth it, Dolls!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

On the deck of the cruise.

Boom!

Lewis: All threats have been eliminated!

Under the Dolls' coordinated attack, the heavy warframe is paralyzed.

Valentin: This can't be happening!

Valentin: This "Supernova Warframe", worth 600 million, is no match for scrap metal like you?!

M200: A heavy mech, no matter how impressive, is little more than a lumbering target when piloted by an amateur.

MDR: So this is all there is to the power you're so proud of, Mr. Smuggler.

Valentin: How...How could this be...?!

Valentin: Ah, good... The mech isn't a complete write-off yet.

Valentin: Can't believe you've pushed me this far...

Valentin: That woman must still be on the ship... Haha, very well! Very well!

Valentin laughs maniacally as he takes out a device that looks like a remote control.

Meanwhile, the Supernova Warframe's defense system is also activated.

M200: A remote control? Don't tell me there's a bomb...!

Valentin: This is what you get for being in my way! You can repent on the seabed!

Lewis: O-Oh no!

Before the Dolls can stop him, Valentin has already pushed the detonation button...

The mech is also ready to take off...

...

...

Valentin: ...What?

The expected explosion never takes place...

The Supernova Warframe hasn't taken off either.

Utterly confused, Valentin pushes the button repeatedly as the silence drags on.

Valentin: No way! I've prepared enough explosives to sink four ships...!

It's over.

Valentin tries to move the mech, but it refuses to budge.

A Familiar Voice: ...How unsightly, Mr. Valentin.

Valentin: ...Eric, you...

Valentin: I thought we had an agreement!

Paula Snow gives the case in her hand a little shake.

Paula Snow: Mr. Valentin, I'm not stupid enough to take you at your word...

Paula Snow: Besides, working with an arms dealer...really isn't the best idea.

Valentin: ...Y-You've been planning to double-cross me right off the bat!

Valentin: You bitch!!!

Paula Snow: Hey, this whole sham of inviting me to this charity ball is also pretty dumb.

Paula Snow: Though they've actually brought along the Mermaid's Heart, which costs an absolute fortune on the black market...

Paula Snow: I checked⁠—it's genuine~ Still, being the sleazy brute that you are, you kept both the money and the goods, and even killed your client.

Paula Snow: You can hardly blame me for not trusting you, can you?

Valentin: You sabotaged the explosives and my mech?

Paula Snow: Eh, it did take some effort. But it's game over for you, Mr. Valentin~

Paula Snow: Miss Lewis over there, make sure you aim properly. You'll frighten if you keep pointing that gun at me.

Lewis has raised her weapon the moment she saw Paula Snow.

However, after a moment of hesitation, she aims for Valentin instead.

Lewis: ...Can we have an explanation?

MDR: What is there to explain?

MDR: This woman is clearly colluding with the smuggler and she had us running around like headless chickens!

Paula Snow: You need to be more careful with your words, Miss MDR.

Paula Snow: I was only "pretending" to work with him.

Valentin is about to say something when Welrod walks up to him and digs her muzzle into his side.

A criminal caught red-handed should save their confession for the police.

Lewis: ...Jeanie isn't a villain, and neither are you.

Paula Snow: Alright, Mr. Valentin did invite me onboard to participate in a double-cross deal that involves killing the client and taking the money and the goods.

Paula Snow: But it should be pretty obvious by now that I've given up on the deal.

Lewis: We didn't just "win" the tickets, did we?

Paula Snow: ...Pfft, obviously not.

Paula Snow: You were chosen.

Lewis: There are so many people in your fan club, you must've gone to a lot of trouble to pick me.

Paula Snow: Not at all, all members leave an automatic record when you register.

Paula Snow: I just had to filter the members and make a shortlist~

Lewis: So that's the Mermaid's Heart inside the case?

Paula Snow: The one and only. Fancy a look?

Lewis: I'm not interested.

Lewis: But...you're not planning to keep it for yourself, are you?

Paula Snow lowers her voice and whispers to Lewis conspiratorially...

Paula Snow: My dear Miss Lewis.

Paula Snow: Who do you think it should belong to?

Lewis: ...Its original owner.

Paula Snow: And who might that be?

Paula Snow: The artisan who created it? The millionaire who bought it? Or...the gangster who seized it by force?

Paula Snow: It has been drenched in blood from the moment it was created, and it gets bloodier still every time it changes hands.

Paula Snow: This priceless treasure is actually worthless.

Paula Snow: Unlike moonlight, it does not illuminate the dark; unlike air, it does not bring life.

Paula Snow: It's just a lifeless object, but having been given a fairy tale name, it becomes a symbol of love. Isn't that laughable?

Paula Snow: So...who do you think it belongs to?

Lewis: It belongs to itself.

Lewis: ...That's a line from your very first movie. But...

Paula Snow: Hush~

Paula Snow: I've had my eyes on you from the moment you embarked on this journey.

Lewis: I...

Paula Snow: It's been a pleasure to have you along this ride.

Paula Snow: But the war is over.

Lewis: What?

Paula Snow: The war is over.

Paula Snow: And I'm not going back.

Lewis: ...

Paula Snow: Farewell. Just as the spring breeze will return, I hope we'll meet again some day.

Lewis: Wait, Jeanie! No, Paula!

—

...

...

News Report: The police foiled a major arms smuggling operation on board the cruise ship Aegean and arrested Valentin, leader of the international smuggling syndicate.

News Report: Using false identities, Valentin has been supplying weapons to rebel forces on the periphery of the White Zone in the last two years and is indirectly responsible for a large number of civilian casualties.

News Report: This smuggling operation was foiled with the help of several Griffin Tactical Dolls, who are passengers on the ship. Over 900 weapons have been seized, worth around 6.7 million.

On the deck.

Sailor: This dessert is a special treat from the staff. Please enjoy.

MDR: Thanks. Please give us five more of the vanilla ice cream we just had.

Sailor: Uh... S-Sure!

Thunder: No, make that six, please. M950A asked me to eat one on her behalf.

M200: Can your body handle that much ice cream?

MDR: Who cares~

MDR: Say, did Paula Snow just take the gemstone? The Mermaid's Heart, huh... That's some legendary treasure!

M200: She couldn't have risked everything just to keep it for herself, right?

M200: So what did she tell you back then, Lewis?

Lewis: Heh, it's our little secret!

Thunder: She wouldn't say no matter how many times MDR asked.

Thunder: She must've bewitched her!

Lewis: Oh, please! Even if I told you... Humph, you know what? I'm not telling~

Lewis: In any case, she's not a bad person at all!

Welrod MkII: Beautiful people can do no wrong in your eyes.

Lewis: That's not true! I don't judge people by their appearance!

MDR: ...That isn't convincing at all coming from you.

M200: Huh? Guys, look at this.

M200 points at a news article posted on Grifchan.

It's all the way at the bottom of the news page, which shows how insignificant this report is.

M200: At first glance, it looks like just another news story of an orphanage receiving a donation.

Thunder: The sum was enormous... The orphanage wanted to build a new wing and name it after the benefactor...

Thunder: But they wished to remain anonymous...

Welrod MkII: Do you think that was Paula Snow?

MDR: Who knows?

M200: The timing checks out.

Lewis: Hehehehe...

Welrod MkII: Hey, what are you giggling about?

Lewis: The Commander just sent me a message to tell me that I did a good job and even promised me a reward...

MDR: The Commander is also giving you a reward?! You're damn lucky!

M200: Well, it wasn't just pure luck...

M200: Still, at least it's over.

Thunder: Yeah, even our vacation is over.

Lewis: Now that's not true. Our vacation is NOT over!

MDR: That's right.

MDR: Heheh, I can't believe the captain has given us permission to enjoy all facilities and services on board free of charge!

MDR: Everything we've done was all worth it~!

Lewis: It's all thanks to Lady Paula~

Lewis: (Sighs) I wonder when I'll ever see her again.

MDR: Ha! If we ever run into her again, it'll probably be another crazy adventure.

MDR: Now forget about that and let's go! Let's play some water polo!

Lewis: Oh, I'm coming!

Lewis puts down her console and starts enjoying her vacation in earnest.

On the screen, the movie is still playing...

Paula Snow: Lamenting our inability to take destiny into our own hands, we shed tears in the agony of endless waiting.

Paula Snow: I would rather take up arms and fight by your side.

Paula Snow: Farewell. Just as the spring breeze will return, I hope we'll meet again some day.

...

The Wave Wrangler 【END】

