...

This is...the sensation of sunlight, piercing through my eyelids.

As I regain my consciousness, my ears once again pick up the sounds of the crashing waves.

My body lays still, devoid of all energy. My arms feel as if they are crushed beneath something of incomprehensible weight, rendering me unable to even shield my eyes from the light.

Commander: ...

Commander: Am I...still unable to leave this place?

I don't remember when I was cast ashore, begotten from my ship's fateful end. I drifted till I met this island, and have been trapped here ever since...

But that doesn't matter anymore.

Commander: I'm so thirsty...and hungry... Where can I find food...?

Commander: Huh?

I seem to be hallucinating. I see my Dolls around me, trying to tell me something.

...

However, I'm afraid I can't hear what they're saying.

Commander: Everyone, I'm sorry... I can't take this anymore...

Annoying Voice: Com...man...der?

Commander: ...

AA-12: Say, I'm the one who can't take it anymore!

AA-12: Why are you lying here putting on this stupid solo circus show? You're so into it, too! How gross...

AA-12 starts to unwrap her lollipop casually, ingesting the sugary treat whilst next to me.

The sunlight clearly bothers her greatly as well, hence she thenceforth reaches out to adjust the angle of her parasol to block out all of the rays.

Commander: Relax, AA-12. This is meant to be a vacation.

Commander: ...You don't have to worry about anything, at least for today.

That's right, the only thing on today's schedule...is to enjoy a day-off by the sea.

Three days ago, in the Griffin Command Center.

Commander: A seaside holiday?

Kalina: Of course~ I'm not joking.

Commander: Isn't the commission about eliminating any potential risks on the remote island?

Kalina: Most certainly, but according to satellite images I have reviewed, the island has been uninhabited since the end of the last century, either from some environmental hazards or some form of mass migration.

Kalina: Nevertheless, after decades of being left alone, it has reverted to its natural state, with barely any traces of human civilization.

Commander: That was the case until recently, when a geological expedition team discovered rich mineral deposits there. The developer who purchased the island thus wants us to dispatch Dolls to make sure it is secure enough to build mines there.

Commander: That's all made clear in the commission's documentation.

Kalina: The. Point. Is.

Kalina: Over 90% of the island's landmass is occupied by forests and all man-made constructions have all been consumed by nature. Not even Sangvis Ferri would be interested in a place like that.

Kalina: The only possible risk there is the local wildlife, don't you think?

Kalina: A mission to eliminate potential hazards on the island won't take longer than a day.

Kalina: So you can all enjoy a proper holiday in the remaining time~!

Commander: ...You have a point.

Kalina: Humph, if I didn't have more combat reports to write, I'd love to come with you!

Commander: Ahem...

Kalina: Of course, you've been having a much rougher time on the frontlines, and it's been ages since you've had a break.

Kalina: So why don't you wrap up the job as fast as you can and just relax?

Commander: ...

Commander: It seems that it was a wise choice for everyone to bring their swimsuits.

Taking the commission seriously, we spent an entire day scouring the island for any possible safety hazards.

But, as Kalina surmised, there is nothing apart from trees, sand, seawater and a myriad of wild animals here.

Rather than "an island with potential safety hazards", this place is more like "a beautiful holiday hotspot".

M37: Commander, make sure not to even budge a muscle! This masterpiece that only I am capable of creating is nigh complete!

M1 Garand: Huh? Ithaca, don't you think that's a bit too much sand over there?

That's right. I'm lying down on my back because Ithaca and Garand are making a game out of burying me in the sand.

Since they look so happy, I'll roll with it just a bit longer.

While I'm being buried, I direct my attention to the other end of the beach where the Dolls are enjoying the holiday in their own ways...

QJY-88: I wonder if my newly modified waterproof accessories will work...hmm?

Z-62: Hmm, I need this part, but where would I even find it out here today?

QJY-88: Miss Z-62, is something wrong with your weapon?

Z-62: Huh? Oh, t-there's nothing wrong.

QJY-88: If it's weapon maintenance, then maybe I could be of help?

Z-62: N-No thanks. I'll manage on my own, I think...

QJY-88: Eh...really? T-Then, I'll leave you to it.

Z-62: Yeah, sorry.

Z-62: I didn't think I'd be seen here... I almost caused trouble for someone else too.

Z-62: Guess I'll just find a quiet spot and read.

Springfield: Z-62~ You brought your weapon along to the beach?

Z-62: I-I was just holding it and didn't put it down... Uh, excuse me.

Springfield: Hold on, I've made some muffins...

Springfield: ...Wow, she's fast.

Type 95: Puffy clouds crown the mountain top~♪ Shielding the woods from view~♪

Springfield: Wow, I didn't expect to hear Miss Type 95's singing.

Type 95: It's been a while since I've seen such beautiful scenery. It puts me in such a good mood I just can't help but sing a little.

Springfield: I see. But you don't plan on swimming?

Type 95: I'm not actually too good at it. Besides, 97 keeps warning me about the dangers in the water, so I'm okay with just getting a bit of sun on the beach.

Springfield: What a shame... Speaking of which, is there any sunscreen you recommend?

Type 95: I've bought this brand recently. The ingredients seem to be very effective even on our bodies.

Springfield: Wow~ I never thought there could be a product this good! Let me give it a try~!

SPAS-12: Hey, I've brought the watermelon over! Should we cut it open and eat it now?

Five-seven: Wait, just eating it is such a waste!

SPAS-12: What do you mean? It's only a waste if you don't eat it, right?

Five-seven: Be patient. Let me show you something fun...

...

Commander: Strange. When was the last time I had a holiday?

AA-12: What are you up to now?

Commander: I was merely thinking about the fact that all of a sudden, there's nothing for me to worry about. No need to endure the scent of gunfire and charred earth, no need to desperately struggle for survival.

Commander: Relaxing like this just makes me feel uneasy. Just yesterday, I yearned so much for peace when I was fighting, but now that it's so peaceful, I'm starting to feel like I'm not needed anymore.

Commander: Perhaps a peaceful world simply doesn't suit me...or perhaps I've grown so used to strife and violence that I can no longer live in peace?

AA-12: Stop worrying about nothing...

AA-12 mutters nonchalantly. I seem to have exhausted her patience.

With my body buried in sand under direct sunlight, it's starting to feel warm and toasty. The Dolls' cheerful chatter and laughter weave together into a lovely lullaby swirling around my ears, putting me to sleep.

...

Commander: ?!

Commander: The sound of some kind of cold weapon slicing through an object wakes me with a jolt. Then an icy thing rolls into my face – it's half of the watermelon that has just been chopped.

Commander: A Damascus steel axe?

The axe landed just a hand's width away from my head, and its wielder, SPAS-12, is laughing gleefully with a blindfold over her eyes?

SPAS-12: I think I got it, Five-seven?

Five-seven: Woohoo! Wow, you actually did it! C'est superbe! Hang on, isn't this the Commander?!

SPAS-12: What?! Did I chop the Commander?!

Commander: You would have if the axe had struck a couple of inches to the left!

Commander: What the hell are you doing?!

Five-seven: We were playing...Smash the Watermelon...

Five-seven: Sorry, Commander! You're very easy to miss whilst in the sand. Here, have some watermelon. W-We'll be going then!

By the time I squirm my way out of the sand, Five-seven, who's in very big trouble, has already run off with SPAS-12 in tow.

Staring at the chopped-up watermelon on the ground, I'm overwhelmed by the lingering shock from my near-death experience.

Commander: ...

Commander: Perhaps I shouldn't waste too much time pondering philosophical questions concerning things like war and peace.

Serdyukov: Commander!

Commander: I'm okay, Serdyukov. Keep an eye on the Dolls playing in water.

Serdyukov: No, I-I've detected some unidentified enemy signals.

Commander: Unidentified enemy signals? How is that possible?!

Commander: Has anyone landed on the island?

Serdyukov: No, the signals originate from within the forest...

Serdyukov: They seemed to have hidden their tracks very well yesterday, but it's also my fault for not looking more closely into the details. I'm very sorry...!

Commander: Don't beat yourself up over it. We'll figure out how this happened later. Gather the other Dolls and prepare for an assault!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

Three days ago, in the Griffin dorms.

Alone in her dorm, MDR is typing rapidly on her phone.

MDR: Ah...

MDR: AAAH-CHOOOO!

MDR: (Sniffs) I really should turn off my biological reflex module!

MDR: No, wait, doesn't this mean someone's thinking of me?

MDR: It can't be the Commander, can it? Ahahahahahahaha, what a thought!

R93: MDR? Isn't it time you returned the sunglasses I lent you?

MDR: ...

R93: Why are you looking at me with such a disappointed face?

MDR: ...I just wasn't expecting it to be you. Uh, what were you saying?

R93: ...My sunglasses. The ones with a lucky symbol on the temple.

MDR: Have I borrowed them? Hold on, let me look for them...

MDR: Say, why have you started looking for them out of the blue?

R93: We have a mission on an island tomorrow, right?

R93: The Commander said we could bring along our swimsuit, so...

MDR: Oh, right. That island mentioned in the thread. I know, I know.

R93: You don't sound very jealous.

MDR: I'm actually more interested in the legend about the "treasure that can change your fortune" on the island.

MDR: The discussion regarding the evidence and findings about the legend I had with someone else made the thread ten pages long...

R93: Treasure that can change your fortune?

MDR: Yep, caught your attention, didn't I? A luck-changing treasure!

MDR: Apparently, if you find it, it will rewrite all your misfortunes and you'll have nothing but good luck and smooth sailing for the rest of your life!

R93: It... It's not like my life is so unfortunate, right?!

R93: But if there really is such a thing, it might be worth it...?

MDR: Ha, found your sunglasses! What did you say again?

R93: So where's that treasure?

MDR: If I knew, it wouldn't a legend!

MDR: Look at this satellite map. You see this huge forest on the island? Since it's a treasure, it must be hidden in secret places like that!

R93: You think so?

R93: But if I'm not lucky enough to find it...

MDR: I'm sure it isn't in the sea.

MDR: Here, take your glasses. Who knows, maybe this lucky symbol might just help you find it.

...

Three days later, on a stretch of beach far away from the Commander.

R93 takes out her sunglasses and puts them on her head.

R93: I'm counting on you... grant me all the luck in the world!

P38: What?

R93: Nothing, nothing at all~

R93: Are you ready?

P38: I've been ready since we got here!

P38: Luck-changing treasure~!

P38: If we can really find it, then I'll be No.1 to the Commander...no, perhaps even the whole of Griffin!

P38: Thanks for bringing me along, R93!

R93: I brought you here because you were so fired up. Not that I could ever tell you that.

P38: Still, are we not telling the Commander about this?

P38: If we get caught for acting without permission...

R93: Ugh, I didn't have the best of memories from my last beach escapade...

R93: So this time, we mustn't tell the Commander until victory is guaranteed!

P38: You mean that time when your bikini top got hooked away and you had to hide?

R93: Wait... How did you know about that!?

P38: You know that thread about the beach volleyball match on the Griffin anonymous forum? The person who keeps going on and on about how good bullpup rifles are shared this piece of gossip and even posted a picture of your sunglasses.

R93: I think I know who you're talking about...

P38: So did it actually happen?

R93: Don't be so hung up over that, the treasure is more important. Let's go!

Five minutes later...

R93: Ugh...these messy branches are all over the place.

R93: I know nature has reclaimed this island for decades, but this practically looks like a primeval forest.

P38: Not to mention how spooky it is...

R93: True. Reminds me of a horror film set in a dark and gloomy forest like this.

R93: It's about this person who gets lost in the forest. Then a spirit suddenly appears and...

P38: W-Why are you suddenly telling me a horror story?!

R93: It just came up. What's wrong?

R93 looks back at P38, who has an expression of absolute terror on her face.

R93: P38, don't tell me...you're scared of ghosts?

P38: Uh...

P38: Uh...Ha! Ha! Ha!

P38: No way, we're T-Dolls!

P38: Besides, scientifically speaking, ghosts can't possibly be real, right? RIGHT?!

R93: Hmm?

P38: I-In any case, let's hurry up and find the treasure, then get the hell outta here!

P38 takes a deep breath and marches on with great determination. R93 follows suit. As she stares at P38's back, an idea suddenly occurs to her...

R93: Poke.

P38: AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!

The scream sends flocks of birds flying through the foliage. The poke in the back seems to have overloaded P38, as she dashes forward in a frenzy and disappears into the trees...

R93: ...She WAS scared, after all.

R93: Sigh. Hopefully, luck's on my side and I can find the treasure.

...

The last target has been shot down and peace is restored to the beach.

Commander: That was unexpected.

As I watch the Dolls inspecting the battlefield, I recall Kalina's promise of a peaceful holiday and feel a sense of déjà vu.

Commander: Woe is me, but at least it's over...

Gr G41's Voice: Didn't see that coming, did you? I'm gonna show you what I've really got!

Commander: ...I hope?

C-MS's Voice: You dare challenge me? You've got guts, I'll give you that much at least. TAKE THAT!

Gr G41's Voice: Ahahahahaha~!

We've picked a relatively clean section of the beach for our holiday spot, sandwiched in between two clusters of reefs that are easily taller than a person. The commotion seems to be coming from behind them.

Since this morning, the girls have been running around causing a ruckus like birds let out of their cages.

Everyone completely lets themselves loose, probably because it's a hard-earned vacation – they're so relaxed they didn't even notice the fight that just took place over there.

The splashing waves and the sound of merrymaking starkly contrast the tense atmosphere after the recent battle, creating the illusion of two entirely different worlds.

Commander: I remember they even brought toys for a water fight...?

Serdyukov: Commander, all targets eliminated. That was some brilliant leadership, Commander!

Before I can reply, Serdyukov notices the Dolls who are still completely oblivious.

Commander: Look at those little sparrows chirping and having fun.

Serdyukov: Sorry, Commander. Their comms module seem to have been deactivated when the emergency hails were issued. Probably because they're playing in the water...

Commander: It did happen completely out of the blue, so this isn't exactly a case of dereliction of duty, but we must all remain vigilant while we learn more about our enemy.

Commander: Besides, it's not a good thing to lose one's head like that – they probably don't even remember today is Thursday.

Serdyukov: Commander, it's Friday today.

Commander: Hmm?

Serdyukov: Hmm?

Serdyukov: Oh...!

Commander: Ahem... Scout the surroundings while I call them back.

Serdyukov tactfully catches up with her fellow Dolls and starts venturing deeper into the island.

I watch as they disappear into the distance and let out a sigh. Once I go around the reefs, I see the group of little sparrows gleefully fighting their own "war" on the beach.

Gr G41: Heheheh, I'm gonna pay you back double!

C-MS: O-only if you catch me~!

The two girls are locked in a chase with pure smiles on their faces, as if they lived in a world with no more strife...

Commander: Uh.

I look around to make sure that neither SPAS-12 nor the Damascus steel axe is around and sigh in relief...

I'd better stop thinking about stupid things. I don't want to interrupt them, but this really isn't the time to fool around.

Commander: Alright, that's it for today. Assemble over there at once!

...

Those two are still frolicking.

Commander: They haven't turned off their auditory module as well, have they?

C-MS: Oh, Commander! You're right on time! Come with me!

Gr G41: It's no use to hide! Commencing counterattack~!

Commander: Counter what...? Hold on, why are you running towards me?!

C-MS: As my subordinate, it's your job to sacrifice yourself! I'll remember you!

Commander: I didn't agree to being your meat shield...

Gr G41: Dammit! How dare you use Master like that? I won't forgive you! Take this!

Commander: Your "this" hit me square in the face!

Commander: Wait, what did you put in the water pistol?

Gr G41 and C-MS are so into pushing me around it's practically impossible to reason with them, and I suddenly find myself yanked over to the water.

FAL: Commander? I didn't expect you to enjoy such childish games. I guess I'll have to lower my expectations.

Commander: Says you, who's holding a water gun yourself?

Commander: Listen here, things aren't looking good on that side of the beach. I need you to...

Gr G41: Ahahahahaha!

Commander: Please...let me finish!

4 Shiki: I've never seen the Commander so lively.

4 Shiki: I must document this for future reference! Show me more! More!

4 Shiki: I-I'm coming too!

For whatever reason, I seem to have become everyone's target.

Waves and jets of water splash everywhere and have me completely disoriented.

As the attack subsides a little, I finally manage to catch a glimpse of the beach, but I also see a small object flying straight at me...

Smack!

This thing hits me on the forehead like a bullet. Its strong momentum actually knocks me off-balance and I topple backwards.

Ameli: Oh no! Where did my button go?!

Oh boy.

Before I can even utter this, I'm completely submerged in the cold seawater.

The currents swirl around me and drag my body into the deep.

As I'm still struggling to find my equilibrium, I feel the back of my head hitting something hard, then I lose consciousness...

Serdyukov: Commander, we've finished searching the perimeters. Are you still not ready?

Serdyukov: ...Where's the Commander?

Gr G41: Huh? You're right, Master is gone! The Commander was here just a second ago!

C-MS: Must be hiding!

4 Shiki: Huh? Does the Commander know how to swim?

FAL: That doesn't matter because the problem is pretty obvious, don't you think?

FAL: The Commander is drowning!

Gr G41: Drowning?!

Gr G41: O-oh no! Master, I'm coming to save you!

C-MS: I can't let anything happen to my precious subordinate!

4 Shiki: Hold on, the waves are getting too strong!

Serdyukov: Don't panic and don't rush it! We must keep calm right now!

Serdyukov: Hailing all Dolls. Hailing all Dolls!

Serdyukov: The Commander is in danger! Please rally at my location!

Ameli: Oh, they're coming!

Serdyukov: So soon? No, those are enemy units!

FAL: At a time like this? What awful timing.

Serdyukov: We didn't pick up any signals in our recent search though... Anyway, we need to put together a counterattack right away!

Serdyukov: Our reinforcements are going to arrive soon! Let's eliminate the immediate threat in the meantime!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

In the forest, R93 and P38's treasure hunt is still in progress...

R93: Why would the first step of a treasure hunt be looking for a lost companion?

R93: And how did P38 run off so fast on such uneven terrain?

Of course, walking in the forest, there is no answer to R93's questions other than birdsong and the sound of rustling trees.

R93: I wonder if the Commander has noticed our absence yet.

R93: (Sighs) I really shouldn't have teased her. Such a waste of time...

R93: Huh?

As R93 walks on while muttering to herself, she gradually starts hearing a familiar scream. Then she sees P38 running back, looking even more terrified.

P38: R-R93!

R93: You're so loud!

R93: Jeez... I just teased you a little bit, you didn't have to be this scared.

P38: Th-that's not it! Over there!

P38 hides behind R93 and points in the direction she came from.

R93: What's over there? Did you find the treasure?!

P38: N-n-n-no!

R93: No...? Then what is it?

R93: Don't tell me you found a ghost?

P38: It's a sea monster! Th-there's a sea monster over there!

R93: A sea monster? That doesn't sound any scarier than a ghost.

P38: This isn't a horror story!

P38: There is an actual sea monster! For real! I just stepped on it! It was really slimy and gross!

R93: As if that could happen...

R93: Hold on, if you really came across a sea monster, it might be a good omen?

R93: Let's go check it out!

P38: What?! Shouldn't we go back to the others?

R93: It might lead us to something.

R93: Isn't it how all legends go? Monsters guard treasures, or something like that.

P38: So we have to fight it? No thanks!

R93: Let's go and have a look. Just a look.

R93: But I have a feeling we're in luck!

With a very reluctant P38 in tow, R93 marches straight ahead. They soon arrive at the edge of the forest.

In front of them is a beach with a lot of reefs around. R93 watches as a red crab crawls past her heel and into a giant wad of seagrass. Then...the wad of seagrass twitches.

P38: That's it! That's the monster!

R93: You mean this wad of seagrass?

P38: That is most definitely not seagrass!

P38: We should strike first and kill it!

R93: At least let me see what it is.

R93 draws a little closer to observe this "sea monster".

Looking at its size, this monster is actually bigger than R93 herself. It's not entirely covered in seagrass either.

The figure actually looks a little human.

P38: C-could it be an ELID?

R93 and P38 exchange a glance, then they each pick up a rock and throw it at the figure... It doesn't react.

But as they inch a little closer, the "sea monster" suddenly extends two arms and grabs the Dolls by their ankles.

Sea Monster?: GUAAAAAGH!

P38: Whoa!

R93: Aaaaah!

The sudden attack gives R93 and P38 no time to draw their weapons, so they resort to the most suitable countermeasure—

Griffin CQC...

A combat technique for extremely dangerous situations where weapons are inaccessible. While it's only relied upon in emergencies, the techniques have not deteriorated in these dolls at all.

Quite fortunately, the sea monster isn't as formidable as it looks. R93 and P38's counterattack has it easily beaten.

R93: (Pants)

P38: I-is it dead?

R93: We didn't hit it in any fatal spots.

P38: R93, um... It felt kinda strange.

R93: What?

P38: Don't you think its voice just now sounded familiar?

P38's observation puts R93 in a brief daze.

R93 compares the sea monster's voice with audio files stored in her neural cloud. Upon finding a match, her pupils start quivering and her lips twists into a stiff grin.

As if to prove her suspicion, P38 picks up a twig to lift up the seagrass...

...and reveals an unmistakably familiar human...

P38: C-Commander?!

P38 tosses away the twig immediately and props the Commander up in her arms.

P38: How...how...

P38: How did this happen?

R93: P38...

P38: Who beat you up this badly?!

R93: It was you!!!

After some emergency first-aid, the Commander seems to have recovered a little, much to R93 and P38's relief.

R93: Thank goodness we were busy with trying to get away and didn't actually go all out. The seagrass also provided some buffer so the injuries aren't too bad.

P38: But why was the Commander lying in such a place?

P38: Th-there couldn't be any more dangers around, right?

R93: Guess we'll have to find out when the Commander comes to...hmm?

R93's attention is drawn to something that got washed up next to the heap of seagrass.

It's an envelope covered in moss and barnacles. It seems to have been waterproofed, but due to the long years it spent underwater, R93 still pours out a considerable amount of sea water on the envelope.

Plus a map.

P38: Huh, is this...?!

R93: ...

R93: It's real! The luck-changing treasure does exist!

R93: The scale of fortune is tipping in our favor!

P38: R93, your eyes are practically glowing...

P38 studies the map that R93 just unfolded.

Having been soaked in water for so long, the surface of the paper is rather blurry, but one can still make out the shape of the island...

...and the clear red star marking a spot in the center of the island.

...

This is...the sensation of sunlight piercing through my eyelids.

As I start regaining my consciousness, I can once again hear the splashing sea waves.

I'm too weak to move my body. My arms feel like they're being crushed by something heavy, I can't even lift them to shield my eyes from the light.

...

What's with this feeling of déjà vu?

No sooner had this question come to mind did I start feeling something lodged inside my chest. After a violent bout of coughing, I open my eyes.

P38: Commander, you're finally awake!

P38: R93!

R93: Phew... That's a relief.

Commander: R93...?

P38: Commander, shouldn't you have said my name first?

R93: Is this really the problem...?

Commander: Hold on, I remember I was just... No, what happened? Where am I?

P38: Uh, we're searching for...

R93: P38 and I are investigating a few undeveloped areas on the island!

P38: Huh...? Oh!

P38: That's right, we're investigating the undeveloped areas, yes~

The two Dolls are definitely up to something, but I don't have the energy to dwell on that right now as all my attention is drawn to my own body. I'm in a lot of pain, as if I just got beaten up... Maybe I bumped into the reefs in the sea?

For some reason, the image of a small unidentified object flying at me comes to mind again...and the sensation of the back of my head hitting a reef...

Commander: Ow, ow, ow... Man, I hit my head hard. What was I planning to do before that?

As I scowl hard in deep thought, I notice P38's face darkening.

P38: Is...is this really okay?

P38: R93, why don't we escort the Commander back first?

R93: But then we won't have time! Don't back out on me right now!

Commander: Right, the beach.

Commander: We were ambushed on the beach by unknown enemies. We've got to hurry back...

Commander: Help me up.

R93: C-Commander!

Commander: Yes?

R93: ...

R93: The way back is a bit complicated. We'll lead the way.

Commander: Alright, please do.

After a short rest, my strength has recovered a little. With the Dolls' help, we enter the forest before us.

The terrain seems completely different from how it appeared in yesterday's investigation, and the winding path we take makes me lose all sense of direction.

P38: R93, we aren't going back the way we came, are we?

R93: You think so?

P38: The Commander looks mostly alright, but I still think we should go back first...

R93: We're just one step away from the luck-changing treasure. I don't want to give up when we're so close.

R93: By the way, I seem to recall seeing a thread with zero replies on Griffin's anonymous forum posted by a certain Doll who's good at playing beach volleyball.

P38: Shush!

R93: Since we've come to an understanding, let's proceed according to the plan.

P38: Hmm...

R93: Besides, all problems will be solved if we find the treasure together with the Commander, isn't that right?

P38: You...you do have a point, I suppose.

Commander: What is this silent conversation you're having with your eyes?

R93: We're trying to remember the way back.

Commander: Really?

Commander: Speaking of which, I've been finding it increasingly difficult to traverse this terrain. Are you sure this is the way you came?

P38: W-well...

Commander: Also, you seem to be a bit...hmm?

As I'm about to question them further, a massive structure that's almost completely absorbed by the forest suddenly comes into view.

R93: We...we found it!

Commander: What?

R93 is overjoyed. That's when I notice the old and soggy map in her hand.

Commander: What's that you're holding?

R93 doesn't reply. She paces back and forth, referring to the map the whole time.

The construct is blocked by a wall and the main entrance is right in front of us. Beneath the moss that's grown all over it seems to be the insignia of the Military.

R93: Strange. This looks a bit different than how I imagined it would be...

Commander: Wait, what are you doing?

R93 mutters to herself as she walks up to the door. I'm just about to stop her when the small device on the wall emits a red laser ray.

Commander: Crap!

I know very well what this means, but it's already too late. The red laser gives us a sweep and an ear-splitting alarm goes off.

We've triggered the still operational defense system.

Commander: R93, get out of there now!

At the sign of trouble, R93 stops poring over her map and runs back to help me escape.

But with a mechanical whir, a number of conveyor platforms rise up around us, carrying a large troop of autonomous mech units from underground – the very same ones that attacked us on the beach.

R93: Oh, just our luck!

P38: Commander, I think we're being surrounded!

Commander: Keep calm and send a distress signal!

R93 promptly does as I say and looks at me, waiting for her next order.

Commander: Let's hope we can get through this before they receive the signal and make their way here.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Gunshots echo through the forest...

Commander: First we got ambushed while on vacation. Then I drowned because the Dolls were messing around. Now I'm in more dire straits...

Commander: Perhaps I should take Kalina's advice more seriously from now on.

It's certain that the autonomous units in the previous attack originated from this abandoned factory, whose defense system is somehow still operational. I don't know if I should commend its durability or bemoan my misfortune.

Making use of an interval in the enemies' fire, I poke my head out and return fire, but such meager support probably isn't of much help to R93 and P38.

P38: This is so annoying! Why can't normal people be this eager to see me?

P38: All I want is some good old popularity!

R93: What do you mean "good old popularity"?

R93: Say, if you don't want to get hit, pull yourself together! We don't have that many Dummies with us, you know!

P38: Who would've known this would happen during a treasure hunt?!

Commander: Wait a minute, why are you two here in the first place?

R93: Uh, we're just...trying our luck...

R93's voice becomes smaller until her mumbling is completely drowned out by the enemies' gunfire.

But I heard their purpose loud and clear. It's just so ridiculous I don't know how to react.

P38: But you were right!

P38: The monster guarding the treasure is really here, so we may be getting closer to the treasure, after all?

Treasure?! If the enemies weren't so relentless in their attack, I would've laughed out loud.

Commander: This isn't going to work... Come with me!

R93: Where to?

Commander: Inside the factory.

Commander: There's been no sign of movement in there so far, which means the defense system is only active along the perimeter.

Commander: Even if we can't break through their encirclement, we can't let them surround us this quickly.

P38: But won't that leave us with no way out?

R93: Our objective is to buy time. The Commander is right, this is the only chance we've got!

R93 breaks cover and successfully destroys several autonomous units with a few well-aimed shots. Making use of this opportunity, we cover each other as we fall back towards the factory.

As we approach the building, we notice that the main entrance isn't closed tightly. There's a gap that a person can easily fit through.

Commander: We're in luck! R93, cut off our pursuers! P38, with me!

P38: Roger!

Suppressing enemy fire, we promptly slip into the factory. Just after we vacate the entrance area, a grenade explodes right where we entered the building.

The old metal door is mangled in the explosion and the original small gap is blown into a large opening that even the autonomous units can come through.

Commander: Just how many of these units are stored in this factory? There's no end to them!

Commander: R93, find a high vantage point and go easy on your ammo!

R93: Got it!

P38: Commander, I can't keep them off anymore!

Commander: Tsk...!

Commander: Keep moving! Head to the workshop!

The enemies are pressing forward, gradually backing us into a corner. The workshop has a very simple layout, the only way out the far side is a corridor on the second floor. We run into the corridor...and find ourselves at a dead end.

P38: Why is there a wall here?!

P38: It's a dead end!

R93: Dammit, my ammo isn't going to last long!

P38: C-Commander!

Commander: ...Don't panic, let me think.

It's a bit hard to get a good look behind cover, but I can see tracks covering the floor behind us.

Commander: Tracks...tracks...

I take a closer look at that so-called "metal wall" - it's obviously a gate. There's even an inconspicuous control room next to it.

Commander: Bingo, that's our way out.

Commander: R93, come and cover me!

After taking a deep breath, I crawl my way to the control room beside the gate behind R93's cover and quickly take stock of the room.

The entire gate control system dates back to 60 years ago, even the computer is a piece of antique. I'm no Kalina, but I can probably still get it to work.

Paying no mind to the occasional stray bullets brushing past the wall outside, I activate the control panel, which triggers a broadcast.

Broadcast: Control system activated. Self-diagnosis in progress...

Broadcast: Malfunction in the main generator! Malfunction in the main generator!

Broadcast: Switched to solar power supply system, energy reserve at 31%...

Broadcast: Please notify the maintenance department for prompt repair, execution code E-R-0694...

Commander: No wonder why it isn't moving. Let me see...

Commander: This opens the gate, right?

I pull the most eye-catching lever on the panel, and the broadcast speaks again.

Broadcast: Lock disengaged...

Broadcast: Transport route is now clear.

A yellow light flashes in the corridor outside and the gate slowly rises after a mechanical hum.

Commander: There we go!

As the gate is opening, the autonomous units that have been hot on our heels suddenly halt their attack and withdraw out of the corridor, as if it's part of the gate-opening sequence.

R93: Huh?

P38: They...they ran?

P38: Way to go, Commander!

Commander: That wasn't me.

Commander: This corridor is a conveyor belt. They're probably making way for whatever is going to come through.

P38: Whatever...is going to come through?

P38 curiosity is satisfied by the third broadcast.

Broadcast: Ammunition loaded...

Broadcast: Transport rig checkup complete...

Broadcast: Fire control system activated...

Broadcast: Starting test.

Commander: It won't be anything good.

I come out from the control room and stare at the open gate with the Dolls. An eerie red light is shining from down the pitch-dark corridor. The sound of the transport rig is also coming from the same location and drawing ever closer.

R93: What rotten luck...

R93 adjusts her sunglasses with her hand...or is she trying to take them off?

P38: C-Commander...

Commander: RUN!

...

On the beach, Suomi gently turns over a rock.

A few tiny crabs hiding beneath the rock are startled and wave their pincers menacingly at her.

Suomi: ...

Suomi: Excuse me, has the Commander been here?

WA2000: Stop wasting time!

WA2000: Sheesh, where the hell has the Commander gone? Why is that idiot always making us worry?

NTW-20: It's okay, no amount of hiding can evade my keen vision.

Gr MP7: May I remind you that the Caretaker was DROWNING, not playing hide-and-seek!

Gr MP7: That's pretty serious, so shouldn't you be a bit more anxious?

WA2000: Says you while you're casually sucking on your lollipop!

WA2000: Hmm, but we've been looking for the Commander for a while now. Is there no other way...?

Just as everyone is at a loss, the sound of a ferocious gunfight comes from deep within the forest.

WA2000: What's that?!

Five-seven: Hello? Hello? Is Serdyukov there?

Five-seven: Or anybody? Please respond if you copy. We found something incredible over here.

WA2000: Five-seven? That noise is coming from the area you're searching, right?

Five-seven: That's right, we've engaged the enemies. They look just like the ones who just disturbed our nice vacation.

Five-seven: Could they have captured the Commander?

WA2000: That...that's a possibility...

WA2000: Compared to drowning, this might actually not be so bad?

Five-seven: I bet you're thinking it isn't so bad compared to drowning.

WA2000: If you read my neural cloud without my permission, I'm never going to forgive you!

Five-seven: I didn't, I'm just about to set off to rescue the Commander.

Five-seven: After all, the Commander needs me now more than ever. Don't be jealous~

WA2000: ...

WA2000: Share your coordinates with everyone. We're coming too!

...

WA2000 terminates the transmission angrily.

The forest is raging with gunfire, yet Five-seven is nonchalantly reveling in her success in razzing WA2000.

Five-seven: Heheheh, she IS jealous~

QJY-88: Um, just to be safe, maybe we should still share our coordinates?

SPAS-12: Shouldn't we charge over there and wipe them out valiantly?

Five-seven: Right, I agree with SPAS-12.

QJY-88: Huh? O-okay then, you're probably right...

Five-seven smirks at QJY-88 and points at her own neural cloud.

Five-seven: You all got that right? R93 sent a distress call and her current location. There's no mistake – the Commander is in danger.

Five-seven: Right now, our job is to cut through the enemies and secure the Commander in what looks like a factory.

Upon confirming their main objective, the group starts advancing towards the factory in an inverted triangle formation.

As they arrive at the main entrance, a swarm of autonomous units come pouring out of the door.

QJY-88: Whoa! Is-is this a trap?!

SPAS-12: That doesn't matter! Watch me!

Five-seven: Slow down. Can you hear that?

The trio fall silent. The scene is still in chaos, but they can just make out the sound of some very large machinery coming from within the factory, and it's getting closer.

A few panicky shouts can also be heard from time to time.

QJY-88: L-look over there!

The Dolls turn towards the source of the noise. It's a safety exit connected to an external flight of stairs.

The door is soon kicked open and three flustered figures come crashing out.

SPAS-12: It's R93, P38, and the Commander!

Five-seven: Oooh, it seems the Commander is safe!

Five-seven: Heyyyy!

Five-seven waves at the Commander, who also seems to be waving desperately at her.

Five-seven: It hasn't been that long since we last saw each other, so why is the Commander so excited?

QJY-88: No, I think there's something behind them…

Before QJY-88 could finish, something punches right through the safety exit with a loud boom, leaving a large, semi-circular hole on the wall.

Then the entire wall is knocked down, and amidst the flying dust and chunks of concrete is a massive mech unit.

WA2000: (Pants) I...finally got here...

WA2000: W-what the hell is that?!

Five-seven: It's here to take you somewhere far away~

WA2000: Enough already! Where's the Commander?

QJY-88: Still in there, but...

Detecting enemy units, the mech leaps up with tremendous force and lands right before the Dolls.

Five-seven: But we'll have to take care of this before we can get to the Commander.

Now that all the Dolls have arrived, it's time to launch a general offensive against these old autonomous units.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

Perhaps one day, I'll once again recall this incredible experience – this operation to eliminate potential threats on an island.

It was fun, relaxing, and full of perils.

Gazing at the factory that we've thoroughly decimated, I give Serdyukov a verbal report of the mission and ask her to forward it to HQ.

Springfield: I never thought there'd be an abandoned weapon factory from 60 years ago on this island, completely unnoticed before today.

Commander: Could be the work of some broke contractor. Not that I care.

Springfield: So it's safe to say that our mission is...?

Commander: We've fulfilled our commissioner's request and achieved their desired results.

Commander: All that's left is to sort out our internal "problems"...

Commander: I'm talking about you two, treasure hunters R93 and P38!

The two Dolls who are just about to quietly slip away are frozen on the spot at the mention of their names.

...

The setting sun paints the sea in glittering gold.

I would probably have felt disappointed for a day like this to end in my childhood, but before we head home tomorrow, there is still plenty of time to wrap up this vacation nicely...

The Dolls return to their lively and joyous mood during the day. They set up the barbecue and tables on the beach away from the sea and put out all kinds of food and beverage they've brought from HQ – the beach party is about to begin.

Commander: Who's going to eat all this? Is it necessary to prepare so much food?

Gr G36: There's more. We have something even more delicious after this round.

Gr G28: Wow! What a feast! Here I come... Whoa!

Gr G28 loses her balance and crashes into Gr G36, splashing her coconut juice everywhere.

Gr G28: Ow ow ow, um...

Gr G36: ...

Gr G28: Eeeeep!

Gr G28: I-I'm sorry! It was an accident!

Gr G36: Oh...she ran off.

Gr G36: I didn't even see who it was. Did I scare her?

Commander: It wouldn't have been so scary if you had your glasses on.

The Dolls around us suddenly burst into excited whoops and cheers.

NTW-20 walks back from the sea, dragging a massive tuna behind her and attracting a large crowd.

NTW-20: Phew. This tuna is enough to stuff us all.

Suomi: Wow!

Gr MP7: Humph.

Gr MP7: You're good, I'll give you that. But when did you catch it?

NTW-20: ...While I was looking for the Commander.

WA2000: So your "keen vision" is only good for catching fish?!

Springfield: Oooh, that does look nice and fat!

Springfield: Let's cut it up like this. I'm sure it'll taste lovely as grilled fillets.

Type 95: I don't think anyone has tried steaming this kind of fish, maybe we can try that. 97 might like it~

M1 Garand: That would be a waste of a perfectly good fish...

SPAS-12: Whichever the case, I'm ready to chop it to pieces!

In the last rays of sunlight, the cheerful hubbub on the beach makes for an enviable scene from afar.

At least that's what P38 is thinking.

P38: Ugh...

R93: Feeling tempted, are we?

P38: Hell no!

P38: I just thought I was going to find that luck-changing treasure and my popularity will skyrocket.

P38: But there never was any treasure here!

R93: Yeah, it's just a legend after all.

P38: But how come you were so sure it was real?

R93: Well...

R93: Don't be like that. Think of it another way – we did get something out of this.

P38: S-something?

R93: For example... Even though our unsanctioned actions put the Commander in danger, the Commander also believes that it led to the discovery of potential risks on the island, which made up for our mistake and saved us from being punished~

P38: We aren't allowed to eat the first batch of barbecued meat! How is that not a punishment?!

P38: And now that I think about it, I haven't been able to relax and enjoy the holiday at all because I was so busy trying to find the treasure...

P38: What an utter failure! I'm a pathetic excuse for an idol!

P38: Ugh...maybe I should just retire...

R93: But aren't you still a trainee?

The two Dolls chat about all sorts of nonsense as they stroll along the beach. As they reach the reef that the Commander walked past during the day, the chattering of the other Dolls are drowned out and they focus on the view.

The sun is halfway down the ocean and a few stars are shining softly through the twilight.

Just as P38's gaze falls onto the beach, her attention is drawn to a shimmering gleam.

P38: Huh? That's...

P38: R93! R93, look over there!

R93: What is it?

R93: The beach is bioluminescent! I've never seen this before.

P38: It-it's so pretty!

P38 runs towards the sea. Every step she takes causes the sand to glow in a more intense blue.

Soon enough, even the waves are all embellished in bioluminescence. The phenomenon is all the more dazzling under a fuzzy sky where the stars are not yet on full display.

P38: That settles it!

P38: This will be my stage, and I'm going to give the Commander and everyone a surprise here!

R93: Pfft, be my guest.

P38: Humph, this time I'll surely turn things around and become a popular idol!

P38: Hahahaha!

As R93 watches P38 whooping on the glowing beach, she also stops sulking over her unsuccessful treasure hunt.

Compared to that, enjoying the beautiful view right now might just be the best treasure she can give herself.

R93: Maybe my luck isn't so bad this time...

...

Commander: ...

Commander: Are they actually reflecting on their mistake?

Serdyukov: Probably?

Commander: I think the punishment was too light. It's hardly enough to make them realize what they've done wrong.

Serdyukov: Commander...

Serdyukov: You're not being very persuasive with that piece of barbecued meat in your hand.

Serdyukov: So what are you planning to do?

Commander: Humph...I'll let them off this time.

Commander: Get them back here. I don't want them to tire themselves out.

Commander: After all, the party is just starting.

Far Side of The Sea – END

