...

March 13, 6pm.

Kalina: Thanks for the hard work, everyone!

Kalina: That's all for today. Those who aren't on the roster can return to the dormitories.

Kalina: I know you're all looking forward to receiving response gifts on White Day tomorrow, but try not to stay up all night just because you're too excited!

Kalina: Tadaa! Come to the Commander's office at 10am tomorrow and collect your chocolate! Make sure you show up!

...

Command Center, Griffin Base.

Commander's Office. March 13, 10pm.

Kalina: Right, we're done for today.

Commander: Thanks, we can get some rest then.

Kalina: Yep! Oh, you haven't forgotten about the response gifts, right?

Kalina: White Day is tomorrow!

Commander: Don't worry, I've got it all sorted.

The Commander smiles confidently.

Kalina: Really? Last year, you only remembered it at the last possible moment and had to scramble to avert a disaster. I hope you didn't make the same mistake?

Commander: Of course I haven't. I've prepared everyone's chocolate well in advance, and it's all stored in the warehouse.

Commander: I'll show you.

The Commander stands up and leaves the office together with Kalina.

On the way to the dorm, the Commander shows Kalina the warehouse.

Kalina: Nicely done! Everything is really neat and tidy, and properly labeled too.

Kalina: ...So where's mine?

Commander: I'll give it to you tomorrow. Don't jump the gun.

Kalina: Humph, stingy.

Kalina: Fine. I'll look forward to it then.

Completely reassured, Kalina smiles and waves the Commander goodbye before heading off to her accommodation.

After sending her off, the Commander turns around and gazes at the stacks of gifts in the warehouse.

Click.

The communicator chirps.

Commander: Hm?

Lewis: Good evening, Commander!

Commander: Lewis? What is it?

Lewis: We just came back from a mission!

Lewis: We're just wondering... when we should come to collect our chocolate tomorrow?

Commander: Oh... 10am.

Lewis: 10am... I see! Got it!

Type 97's Voice: 10 in the morning? That's ages from now!

Type 97's voice comes through the comms, making the Commander chuckle.

Commander: Get some rest. Time will pass very quickly once you're asleep.

Lewis: Right! Then we're turning in!

Commander: Good work, and goodnight.

Click.

The transmission ends.

The Commander looks down at the communicator and snorts.

...They're REALLY hyped about this.

Commander: Hm... I should probably turn in myself.

After locking up the warehouse, the Commander does a stretch. They're suddenly overcome by the exhaustion from having worked the whole day.

???: ...

???: ...They're gone.

A pair of gleaming eyes hidden in the corner witnessed it all.

The Doll watches as the Commander's figure disappears before silently stepping out from the shadows...

...

March 14, midnight.

???: Commander!

Commander: ...Hm?

???: Wake up, Commander!

???: It's an emergency!

Suddenly jolted away by a familiar voice, the Commander opens their eyes a bit painfully.

Commander: ...Lam?

Commander: What happened?

When the Commander sits up in bed, they come face-to-face with a panic-stricken LWMMG, who is on adjutant duty this week.

LWMMG: The situation is rather complicated. You might want to come and see for yourself.

Commander: Did MDR and Am RFB trip the fuse again with their gaming?

Commander: Or are the Sangvis Dolls having another row with the Griffin Dolls?

Commander: ...Don't tell me Papasha dug through a power line again...?

LWMMG: ...It's something even more serious.

Commander: ...

The Commander's face goes pale.

LWMMG: ...It's the White Day chocolates.

Commander: ...

The Commander's eyes widen as blood drains from their face. They jump right out of bed, grab their clothes, and dashes out of the room.

Commander: W-W-W-W-W-WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?!

Hunter: Hush... Keep it down, Commander.

Hunter: You don't want the entire base to know something's wrong, do you?

The Commander sprints up to the warehouse entrance so fast that even LWMMG struggles to keep up.

The moment they arrive, they find Hunter standing somberly in front of the door... and smell a sweet aroma wafting through the door.

Commander: ...!!

Hunter: I'm really sorry, Commander. We didn't keep a tight rein on her.

Commander: What... happened here?

Taking in the sight of wanton destruction, the Commander asks in a quivering voice.

Hunter: Destroyer has eaten the chocolates you were going to give out to the Dolls tomorrow.

Hunter: All of them.

Commander: ALL OF THEM?!

LWMMG: Commander!!

LWMMG clamps a hand over the Commander's mouth to stifle a scream.

LWMMG: Don't wake the others.

LWMMG: If they find out the chocolates are gone, we'll have a riot on our hands!

Commander: ...

At the thought of how a few certain Dolls would react to not receiving any White Day chocolates, a chill goes down the Commander's spine and they gulp.

Hunter: Agent has already taken Destroyer into custody and will punish her accordingly.

Hunter: On behalf of all Sangvis Dolls, I'll take responsibility for this.

Commander: I understand... It's no use crying over spilled milk, so might as well come up with a solution.

After two long deep breaths, the Commander nods to LWMMG, indicating that they've calmed down. They then close the warehouse door.

Commander: Our priority right now is to produce new chocolates.

Commander: Lam, Hunter, come with me to the market.

Commander: We're shopping for ingredients.

Hunter: ...We're starting from scratch right now?

Hunter: Do you think we can make it?

Commander: This is the only way. No matter what, we'll need to procure enough cacao powder and other ingredients.

Commander: We're all in the same boat. The clock is ticking, and we must complete the chocolates before daybreak, understood?

LWMMG: Understood!

Hunter: ...Got it.

Commander: Right then, let's set off.

Hunter & LWMMG: Yes, Commander!

...
Part 2: Secret Worker

2

...

March 14, 2am.

Command Center, Griffin Base.

Commander's Office.

Commander: Phew... Thank goodness for 24/7 self-service grocery stores.

Commander: These ingredients should be enough.

LWMMG: They're more than enough.

Commander: When are the Dolls coming to collect the chocolates?

LWMMG: In the morning. The notice has already been sent out.

LWMMG: We have to finish our mission before they arrive.

Commander: How much time do we have?

LWMMG: Eight hours... Actually, not even that. We have just a little over seven hours.

Commander: ...

Taking in the ingredients stacked up into a small mountain on the table, the Commander buries their face in their hands.

Commander: Just a little over seven hours... and we have so many chocolates to make.

Hunter: I can get some other Sangvis Dolls to help.

Hunter: Alchemist is away on a mission, but we can ask Executioner and Scarecrow to come over.

Hunter: Dreamer and Judge should also be free.

Commander: No, they're also recipients of the chocolates. I don't want to drag more people into this.

Commander: Besides, most of the potential helpers you proposed aren't particularly dependable...

Hunter: But this is impossible with just the three of us.

LWMMG: ...It pains me to agree with Hunter.

LWMMG: But she has a point, Commander.

Commander: ...

The Commander paces back and forth in the room.

Commander: I know what you're trying to tell me...

Commander: But if I don't get this sorted, I doubt I'd have long to live when the sun comes up.

Hunter: Very funny, Commander.

LWMMG: Even Hunter thinks you're joking.

Commander: ...Oh.

Ignoring the two Dolls, the Commander suddenly stops dead in their tracks in the middle of the room. A thought seems to have struck them.

Commander: I've got an idea.

LWMMG: An idea?

...

Persica's room, Griffin Base.

A large bed is shoved into the corner of the lab, completely out of place. It is there because Kalina had it moved into the lab after Persica had passed out in here one too many times.

Commander: Persica... Persica?

Tiptoeing up to the bed carefully, the Commander scans through the messy documents, gadgets, and random vials and jars strewn across the bed with a frown.

Hunter: She's not in bed.

LWMMG: Not that the bed looks fit for sleeping in...

Commander: Then where could she be? There's no sign of her anywhere else—

???: OWWWW!!!

Just as the Commander is feeling puzzled, their foot treads upon something soft.

Commander: Persica?!

Persica: Ow-ow-ow... Argh, that hurt...!

Commander: Why are you sleeping on the floor?!

The Commander jumps aside immediately and watches as the figure flings a blanket off herself. Its original color is no longer discernible.

Persica: I don't want a newspaper subscription, I don't need a water purifier, and I don't take new commissions, goodbye.

Thud.

With that, she collapses again.

LWMMG: Please stop sleep-talking, Miss Persica!

LWMMG: Wake up! We need your help!

Persica: Ugh... Hm... Uh.

Persica: Stop... bothering me.

Despite being held up by the collar and shaken roughly by LWMMG, Persica's body is completely slack.

Glaring at the Commander with eyes still half asleep, she mutters weakly...

Persica: Do you... want... to die?

Commander: Please don't make such scary threats in that tone!

Commander: I'm sorry... You're usually still up working at this hour, so I thought...

Persica: That makes... my sleeping time... especially precious...

Commander: Please help me build a machine that can mass-produce chocolate.

Persica: ...Close the door behind yourselves.

Persica jerks LWMMG's hand away and lies back down.

Commander: Wait! You're my only hope, Persica!

Persica: Give me back... my blanket!

Hunter: ...

Seeing that Persica refuses to comply, Hunter suddenly turns toward the Commander.

Hunter: Just forget it, Commander.

Hunter: Someone else can build it for you. What makes her so special?

Persica: ...

Commander: Hunter? What did you say?

Hunter's remark takes the Commander completely by surprise. They let go of Persica's blanket.

Having regained her blanket, Persica flops back down and pulls it over her head.

Hunter: I know she's the chief scientist here, but I've always been incredulous.

Hunter: Is she really so much better than everyone else?

Hunter: Isn't it all the same if you ask someone else to help?

Commander: But... Hunter...

The Commander doesn't quite know what to say. Before they can continue...

Fwup.

Commander: ?!

Persica, who was still lying on the floor just a moment ago, has suddenly jumped to her feet with a vicious look on her face.

Persica: Say that again?

Her animosity is directed straight at Hunter who insulted her.

Hunter: I mean, even you can't possibly do anything in such a short time.

Persica: You think I'm no better than all these amateurs at the Griffin Base?! I'm Persica, for heaven's sake!

Persica goes off like a firecracker.

Persica: I can easily whip that up in two hours!

Hunter: It would take Dreamer just an hour and a half.

Persica: Then I can do it in one!

Persica storms into her workshop angrily.

The Commander and LWMMG exchange looks speechlessly.

Commander: Hunter... You...

Hunter: ...

Hunter: ...In my experience, scientists like her hate nothing more than being belittled by fellow scientists.

Hunter: I thought it was worth a shot. Good thing it worked.

Commander: ...Way to go, Hunter.

Hunter: Don't mention it. It's just me taking responsibility for what happened.

Hunter: Let's haul the ingredients here and start preparing for the chocolate making, Commander.

Commander: Right. Lam, let's go.

LWMMG: Understood.

...
Part 3: Chocolate Workshop

3

...

March 14, 4am.

Persica's lab, Griffin Base.

Standing in front of the massive machine, the Commander and the four Dolls nervously extract the freshly produced chocolate from the conveyor belt and start tasting it.

In addition to Hunter and LWMMG, the company now consists also of K5 and M1 Garand, whom LWMMG has woken up for some extra pairs of hands.

K5: How does it taste, Commander?

K5: According to my divination, it should be pretty good.

Commander: Yeah... It IS very good.

The Commander snaps the prototype chocolate into two chunks and pops one into their mouth. The velvety sweetness melts on their tongue.

Commander: This will make perfectly fine gifts.

M1 Garand: I thought something catastrophic had happened when Lam suddenly woke me.

M1 Garand: You could've just asked us for help right from the start.

Commander: Sorry, I didn't want to get more people involved.

LWMMG: I certainly didn't expect Miss Persica to actually create a machine capable of mass-producing chocolates on such short notice.

LWMMG: That's the chief scientist at IOP for you. I'm starting to feel bad for disturbing her sleep.

Commander: Yeah, thank goodness she agreed to help in the end.

Hunter: This machine was for producing Dinergates.

Hunter: Her modifications really are quite ingenious... It has made so many chocolates already.

Hunter: Not only do they taste good, they all look uniform.

M1 Garand: No wonder Dinergates keep popping up randomly and start making a mess while the machine is in the middle of making chocolates...

LWMMG: Even so, it's still very impressive.

Commander: Indeed. At this rate, we'll be able to complete the mission in just half an hour.

Commander: I'm glad we can make it in time.

K5: Hm... But I'm getting some complications from my reading.

Commander: Huh? What does that mean?

The Commander stares dubiously at K5, who's stacking up her tarot deck.

K5: It means...

???: It means—there's no way you can get away with this, Commander!

Commander: Kalina?!

While the machine is in order and everything is going according to plan... they are interrupted by a familiar voice, and Kalina comes storming into the room.

Kalina: I've heard all about what happened, Commander!

Kalina: How can you do this?!

Commander: Who told you? No, wait, what did I do wrong?!

The Commander gazes uncomprehendingly at Kalina for the unexpected dressing down.

Kalina: It was Agent who told me. I ran into her when I got out of bed and was just about to set off for work. She was just done punishing Destroyer and reported the situation to me.

Commander: You got out of bed... at this hour? Is this usually when you start working?

Kalina: Of course, but that's not the point.

Kalina: Commander, look at the chocolate in your hand.

Kalina: Surely you're not planning to give that to the Dolls?

Commander: What's wrong... with it?

The Commander studies the remaining chunk of the prototype chocolate in their hand. It seems perfectly fine.

Kalina: Oh boy...

Kalina lets out a heavy sigh.

Kalina: Commander, how many chocolates did you receive on Valentine's Day?

Commander: About... 300?

Kalina: Did any of those look the same?

Commander: No... they were pretty much all handmade.

Commander: The few commercial ones were also quite fancy.

Kalina: That's exactly it! All the Dolls put a lot of thought into preparing their gifts for you because they're truly grateful to you.

Kalina: Only for you to give them mass-manufactured chocolate in return?!

Kalina: How disappointed do you think they'd be?!

Commander: ...Crap.

Commander: Now that you point it out... these chocolates... are all completely identical!

The Commander finally understands Kalina's point.

Commander: How did I not think of that...? This is no different than just buying 300 pre-packed chocolates from the grocery store!

Kalina: You see?!

Commander: But we only have six more hours.

Commander: I really don't have enough time to customize each chocolate.

Commander: What should I do?

Kalina: ...Where did you get this machine?

Commander: I asked Miss Persica to build it for me.

Kalina: In that case...

Kalina looks at the Commander with great determination.

Kalina: There's only one thing to do.

...

Persica's room, Griffin Base.

Commander: Is this really a good idea...? Waking her up twice in a day?

Kalina: There's no other way.

Kalina: As long as we apologize properly, I'm sure Miss Persica will forgive us.

Hunter: ...I'll have to disagree.

Hunter gazes at the bundle of blanket curled up next to the bed.

Hunter: Even if we take the risk and wake her up, I don't think she'll be inclined to help us.

Kalina: It can't be that bad. Miss Persica will surely understand.

Kalina: Miss Persica—

Completely oblivious to the severity of the situation, Kalina walks up to the bundle and grabs a corner of the blanket...

Commander: Hold on, Kalin—

Kalina: —?!

Just as Kalina is about to rouse Persica, Persica suddenly bolts up!

A cold wind whizzes past Kalina's cheek, ruffling her hair.

The next moment, the coffee mug that Persica just hurled hits Commander right in the forehead.

Commander: OOOF?!

Persica: Will you stop badgering me?! I was just starting to doze off!

Kalina: M-Miss Persica?!

An irate Persica leaps to her feet, the corner of her mouth still stained with coffee.

Persica: There's no end to this nuisance! What is it you want this time?!

Kalina: ...

Kalina swallows everything she was going to say as she gapes at the utterly demented Persica.

Kalina: Uh... Well... Um...

Hunter: ...The machine you made was rubbish.

Hunter: So we're here to see if this is really all you've got.

Hunter: Or were you brushing us off with that half-assed contraption?

Persica: What?

Persica glares at Hunter.

Hunter: The machine you converted was a dinergate plant, wasn't it?

Hunter: That's our design.

Persica: Ha! You said you were in a rush, that's why I converted an existing machine.

Persica: Now you're blaming me for that?

Hunter: Our design was very complete to begin with. All you did was make some small modifications on the existing framework.

Hunter: Even I can convert the workflow to melting and re-molding chocolate.

Persica: ...

Persica's eyes narrow as her body quivers in murderous fury.

Hunter: If you can't make anything without an existing framework, that's alright.

Hunter: But what we need is a machine that can create unique and customized chocolate.

Persica: That's a very shoddy attempt to goad me into action.

Persica says with reined in anger. She may sound calm, but everyone can tell she is still seething.

Persica: You'd better be prepared for the consequences.

Hunter: I am always prepared.

With that, she stalks out of her room.

Watching her receding figure, Kalina and the Commander stare at each other incredulously.

Commander: It worked a second time...

Hunter: ...To be honest, I'm just as surprised.

Hunter: It's hard to fathom how competitive humans can get.

Kalina: ...Commander, is this really a good idea?

Commander: Uh... I'm not sure, but the damage is done.

Commander: At the very least, our most urgent problem has been solved.

The Commander rubs their throbbing forehead and gets up helplessly.

Commander: As for what comes next... We'll leave that for later.

Kalina: Starting from next year, maybe you should let me help you with the preparations for White Day. What do you say?

Commander: You're also one of the recipients. That would completely ruin the surprise for you.

Kalina: You're oddly persistent about some very odd things...

Commander: After all, I know how much this means to—

M1 Garand: AAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!

A horrific shriek suddenly comes from outside the door.

Commander: Garand?!

Kalina: What happened?!

The Commander and Kalina exchange glances and dash outside together.

Commander: Garand! What hap—?!

Dessert Cerberus: The... choco... lates...!

Hunter: Commander, it's Destroyer! She was drawn here by the aroma of the chocolates!

Commander: Destroyer?! Why would she be here?

Commander: No, why does she look like that?! Wasn't she being punished by Agent?!

LWMMG: This seems to be her punishment.

LWMMG: Dreamer has used a similar method on her in the past and it worked pretty well.

LWMMG: But her intelligence has been greatly reduced in this body and she's now going on a rampage!

Commander: Persica?!

Persica: I'm working on the machine. You'd better keep her away before I'm done.

Persica: Otherwise, by the time I'm finished, all that's left of your chocolates will be crumbs.

Commander: That...

Bam!

Dessert Cerberus: AWOOOOO!

Hunter smacks Destroyer on the head, forcing her to fall back, but the pain only riles her up even further.

Dessert Cerberus: Chocolate... I want chocolate!!

Hunter: Commander, give the order!

Commander: Sorry, Destroyer... but I really can't allow that!

Commander: Stop her!

All: Yes, Commander!
Part 4: White Celebration

4

...

March 14, 10am.

Persica's lab, Griffin Base.

Dessert Cerberus: Chocolate... (Sobs)

Hunter: If you make any more trouble, I'll send you to Dreamer.

Dessert Cerberus: N-no...!

Backed into a corner, Destroyer whimpers pitifully, but other than the Commander, nobody has any sympathy for her.

Commander: In any case, we made it...

Looking at the now tidy stacks of carefully labeled chocolate, everyone lets out a sigh of relief.

Hunter: Destroyer almost sabotaged you a second time.

Hunter: But at least we managed to salvage our dignity as Sangvis Dolls.

LWMMG: Congratulations, Commander.

Commander: Yeah... Thank you all for your help.

Commander: I couldn't have done it without you.

Persica: Don't thank me. Just remember that you owe me.

Persica: I'll make you regret it.

Commander: Please have mercy...

Kalina: Commander!!!!

Commander: ...What is it now?

A weepy Kalina comes running over with a few chocolates.

Kalina: I was worried Destroyer would mess with the chocolates again so I just looked through them.

Commander: Are we short?! We don't have much time!!

Kalina: No... We have enough.

Kalina: But the labels are missing for these ones, which means we don't know who they're for.

Commander: What?

Kalina: Only you can sort this out, Commander!

Kalina: Find the intended recipients of these chocolates using your memory and understanding of the Dolls!

Commander: Hold on... I just pulled an all-nighter and my head isn't the clearest! This is asking for the impossible!

Commander: Why don't we log the other ones and see—

Dolls: Commander!! We're coming!!

As the morning sunlight shines onto the floorboards in the lab, and the Dolls' excited jabbering can already be heard from outside the door.

...The Dolls are making their way to the office.

Commander: ...

Kalina: ...Good luck, Commander!

Kalina: I'll go and give out the problem-free ones at the office!

Commander: Wait... Don't go!

...Using my understanding of the Dolls?

The Commander stares at the chocolates with the missing labels and gulps nervously.

If I end up giving these to the wrong Dolls... that's not a mistake that a simple apology can make up for.

Looking down at the chocolates, the Commander's heart starts pounding heavily in their chest.
Part 5: White Celebration - Gave the wrong chocolates

    5chevron_right

Doll: Commander... Is this chocolate for me?

Commander: ...

Judging by her discomfort, I immediately realize... Crap.

Commander: No, sorry, I must've got the wrong one.

Commander: I'll come back later. Could you give me a minute?

Doll: I see. Then I'll wait patiently.

Doll: Take your time, Commander.

Commander: Right... I'll be back.

Commander: Happy White Day, Lewis.

Lewis: Commander! You're finally here!

Lewis: ...You're still in your uniform? Sheesh, and here I've put on such a nice outfit.

Lewis: I made this myself, you know!

Commander: Haha, I still have work, after all... You made this? That's amazing.

Commander: Here, you've been looking forward to this for quite a while, haven't you? This chocolate is for you.

Lewis: You bet! I've been waiting and waiting since I came back last night.

Lewis: Thank you again, Commander!

Lewis accepts the chocolate happily.

Commander: You've received a lot of return gifts.

Lewis: Heheh... Because I've given chocolate to too many people.

Lewis: I feel compelled to give chocolate to anyone who looks pretty!

Commander: Haha, can you carry them all?

Lewis: It's fine! I'm very strong.

Lewis flexes her arm, then adds the Commander's chocolate onto her pile.

Lewis: Still, your chocolate is special.

Lewis: I'll cherish it.

Commander: Is it? Thank you.

Lewis: Happy White Day, Commander!

Commander: Yeah, and to you.

...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

In a corridor at the Griffin Base.

Commander: Ugh... Hup!

Commander: This... this is really... heavy...

Lewis: You can do it, Commander!

Commander: I-I don't think I can, Lewis.

Commander: Give me a hand.

Lewis: Alright, leave it to me!

Lewis: Hup!

Commander: You asked me for help but I just ended up humiliating myself.

Commander: Say, what is this anyway? Why are we moving it into my room?

Lewis: This? It's a sewing machine!

Commander: ...A sewing machine?

The Commander gawks at the enormous box.

Commander: A sewing machine?!

Lewis: A sewing machine!

Commander: Why... why are we moving a sewing machine into my room?

Lewis: This is the sewing machine that I sew everyone's clothes with!

Lewis: I bought it using my own savings... But recently, everyone who loves the clothes I make them has chipped in and bought me a new machine.

Lewis: So I thought I would give this one to you as a gift since it's full of my memories!

Commander: ...

The Commander opens their mouth to speak, but seeing Lewis' passionate and innocent eyes, they just don't have the heart to turn her down.

Commander: ...Thanks.

Lewis: Yay! Then I'll move it further in!

Commander: If... if you don't mind.

As Lewis goes about moving the box enthusiastically, the Commander secretly comes to a decision.

...They must ask Kalina to get this sewing machine out of here somehow.

...

Commander: Happy White Day, Falcon.

Falcon: Ahoj, Little Lamb.

Falcon: How dare you keep me waiting for so long? You've got some nerve.

Commander: Sorry, there's been a hiccup.

Commander: But fortunately we got there in the end.

Falcon accepts the chocolate with a smile and strums a chord on her guitar lightly.

Falcon: Haha, I get it. Even the most intricate of chords can sound discordant, right?

Commander: Hm... That's a rather odd analogy, but I suppose that's more and less true.

Falcon: This "more or less" attitude is what got you in a pickle to begin with, Little Lamb.

Falcon looks at the Commander with amusement.

Falcon: You've still got chocolates to give out, right?

Falcon: When you're done, come and listen to me play, will you?

Commander: ...I'd be delighted.

Falcon: Thank you, Commander.

Falcon: You really are my Little Lamb~

...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Great Hall, Griffin Base.

After the final chord is struck, Falcon sits silently, soaking in its echo, and only opens her eyes when the Commander applauds.

Falcon: I knew I shouldn't have expected anything less from my Little Lamb...

Falcon: But I never thought you'd hire the entire hall just to listen to my recital.

Commander: I didn't exactly hire the place. You give me too much credit.

Commander: It just wasn't booked to begin with.

Falcon: Not much of a charmer, are you, Little Lamb?

Falcon: But that's alright, this has already made me very happy. And with the chocolate you gave me, I must do something to return the favor.

Commander: I didn't do this expecting a gift in return.

Falcon: And I'm not giving you a gift just to even the score, Little Lamb.

Falcon smiles as she walks down the stage.

Falcon: What do you want, Little Lamb?

Falcon: I might just give you something with quite a lot of sentimental value.

Commander: Huh...?

Falcon: Haha.

Falcon takes great delight at the Commander's discomfort and happily hangs her guitar over the Commander's neck.

Falcon: This is my very first guitar, Little Lamb.

Falcon: She is slowly losing her sweet timbre and can no longer play beautiful music with me.

Falcon: Cherish her. She has been through a lot with me... Treat her the way you treat me.

Commander: ...Thank you for your trust.

Commander: I will keep her safe.

Falcon: Of course you will, Little Lamb.

Falcon retrieves the pick from her guitar and waggles it in front of the Commander's face. Then she turns around and starts heading for the door.

Falcon: If you want to hear me play again, remember to make a booking.

Commander: If the great hall is available, I definitely will.

Falcon: Happy White Day.

...

Commander: Happy White Day, Type 79.

Type 79: Happy White Day, Commander!

Type 79 holds herself completely upright, like a soldier about to be inspected.

Commander: ...Uh, you don't have to be so nervous, Type 79.

Commander: I'm just here to give you your White Day chocolate.

Type 79: I know, Commander!

Type 79: But that's exactly why I must accept it solemnly. It's only proper.

Commander: Actually, the point is to thank you for your continuous support as well as the chocolate you gave me on Valentine's Day.

Commander: I'd appreciate it if you could just relax a little.

Type 79: W-what?!

Type 79's eyes widen in shock.

Type 79: I see...

Type 79: My formality is actually making you uncomfortable?

Commander: Don't beat yourself up. This is supposed to be a happy moment.

Commander: Please, take the chocolate.

At the sight of the chocolate, Type 79 visibly cheers up again.

Type 79: ...I messed up this time.

Type 79: But still, thank you very much, Commander.

Type 79: This makes me very happy.

Commander: Then I'm happy too.

Commander: Let's do this again next year.

Type 79: Yes, Commander!

...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Griffin Base.

Ding.

Commander: Coming.

Clatter.

The Commander jumps up the moment the doorbell rings.

Type 79: Hello, delivery.

Type 79: There's a package for you.

Commander: Type 79?

Type 79 squeezes in through the door with a heavy box as soon as it's open.

Commander: What's this?

Type 79: An express delivery for you, Commander.

Type 79: Thank you for your White Day chocolate.

Commander: Oh... So this is a return gift?

Commander: You didn't have to.

Type 79: No way.

Type 79: Anything else can be half-assed, but this requires my full effort.

Type 79: Otherwise, I would be stepping on your feelings, Commander.

Commander: That's very kind of you...

Commander: ...What's in here?

Type 79: Snacks.

Type 79: The most popular kind from my hometown.

Type 79: I hear people tend to give cookies on White Day.

Type 79: But if I did what everybody does, then that wouldn't be very innovative of me, would it?

Type 79: So I thought I could get creative even with snacks.

Commander: ...

The Commander stares at the box full of popular snacks from a certain town in a quiet daze.

Commander: Uh... Well, thank you.

Commander: Type 79.

Type 79: You're welcome. I'll be going then.

Type 79: Enjoy!

Commander: ...

After sending off Type 79, who has hurried off like a whirlwind, the Commander lets out a pained smile.

Commander: How long will it take to finish all this...?

Commander: Happy White Day, Type 97.

Type 97: Happy White Day, Commander!

Type 97: How strange, you came to me before going to my sister?

Type 97: Did something happen?

Commander: It's a long story, but the problem has been resolved.

Commander: I'll visit the others afterwards.

Commander: But first, let me give you your gift.

Type 97 accepts the Commander's chocolate.

Type 97: Then excuse me while I help myself.

Type 97: Thank you, Commander. You always dote on me like my sis.

Type 97: Just be careful or I'll end up becoming a really spoiled kid one day, yeah?

Commander: If you do, I'll just tell your sister.

Commander: Then, she'll give you a good dressing down.

Type 97: S-say what?! Commander, you're so mean!

Commander: If you don't want that to happen, you'd better behave.

Commander: ...Keep being a good kid, okay?

Type 97: Well, in that case... I'll be waiting for more chocolate next year, Commander.

Type 97: Happy White Day!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Griffin Dormitories.

Type 97: What do you think, Commander?

Type 97: Awesome, right? These are all in my collection!

Commander: I didn't know you've collected so many leaves... Did you find them all yourself?

Type 97: Some I found on my walks.

Type 97: Some I picked up while out on missions.

Type 97: If I see a leaf I like, I'll put it in the book that my sis has given me to bring it back.

Type 97: I still haven't finished the book, but I've collected a bunch of maple leaves!

Commander: Your sister would be sad to hear that...

Type 97: No, she wouldn't.

Type 97: So, which do you think is the prettiest?

Commander: Do I have to choose one?

Type 97: Yep!

Commander: Then... this one.

Commander: I'm not really an expert in the aesthetics of leaves.

Commander: But this one looks very nicely shaped.

Type 97: Hm...

Type 97 nods thoughtfully.

Commander: Say, have you been learning how to paint lately?

Commander: I'm seeing a lot of painting tools in your room.

Type 97: Paint...?

Type 97: Oh, yeah, I have actually been doing something like that.

Type 97: My first piece of work will be ready soon. Wanna be the first to look at it when it's done, Commander?

Commander: Can I, really? I'll look forward to it.

Type 97: Of course!

Type 97 looks into the Commander's eyes and gives a fervent nod.

Returning her gaze, the Commander can't help but feel quite expectant.

...

Commander: Happy White Day, Hunter.

Commander: Thank you very much for your help this time.

Hunter: You realized how instrumental my assistance was, so you aren't entirely an idiot.

Hunter: I certainly thought you'd know better than to return the favor by giving me chocolate that I helped you make.

Hunter takes the chocolate coolly with a cutting remark.

Commander: ...You've got a really sharp tongue.

The Commander chuckles helplessly.

Commander: If you want other compensation, I'll gladly oblige.

Commander: But this is different. This is a gift from me, a token of my affection.

Hunter: Humph... That wasn't meant to be taken so seriously.

Hunter: I was just joking. Besides, it was a Sangvis Doll that caused all the trouble to begin with.

Commander: It doesn't matter. Sangvis Dolls, Griffin Dolls.

Commander: We're all one family now.

Hunter: ...

Commander: Hunter?

Hunter: Thank you, Commander.

Commander: ...You're welcome.

...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Command Center, Griffin Base.

Commander's office.

Commander: ...

The Commander closes their eyes for a catnap during their brief lunch break.

But their sluggish mind clears immediately when they feel a cold metallic object pressed against the back of their head.

???: Don't move.

Commander: ...Who's this?

The voice is digitally distorted.

???: You don't need to know who I am, Griffin Commander.

???: All you need to know is that I will be the one who hands you over to my employer.

???: You possess a lot of confidential information that intrigues him.

Commander: Interesting. So you just swan into our base and declare that you're going to abduct me?

???: From what I know, that has happened in the past.

???: I've made it this far, I can certainly get you out of here too.

Commander: ...

The Commander turns their head to look behind them.

Commander: ...Is this some kind of new prank, Hunter?

Hunter: ...If I were actually an intruder and you turned your head just like that, you would've been dead by now.

Commander: First of all, the character you're playing wants me alive, so she wouldn't kill me.

Commander: Second, if it were really an intruder, she wouldn't have to mask her voice. Only someone who didn't want to be recognized by me would do that.

Commander: Third, I can smell chocolate. Did you just eat some?

Hunter: ...

Hunter lowers her gun.

Hunter: But if I WERE an intruder, what would you do?

Commander: I don't know. Is there a point in pursuing this hypothetical scenario?

Hunter: You should understand your own importance. I might just be role-playing here, but there are many out there who do mean you harm.

Hunter: If they get their hands on you, they will torture you in unimaginable ways to get information out of you.

Commander: Right... I know a thing or two about that.

Hunter: To prevent that from happening, you must be prepared.

Commander: Prepared?

Hunter holds out an object.

Hunter: Which is why I'm giving this to you.

Commander: ...A grenade?

Hunter: You must be a hunter.

Hunter: If you ever end up falling prey to someone else, this will at least lessen your suffering.

Commander: ...

The Commander holds up the grenade in silence.

Hunter: You can also use it as a desk lamp. It's quite handy.

Commander: Thank you.

Hunter: You're welcome.

With that, Hunter puts away her gun and saunters out of the office.

Leaving the Commander alone to stare at the grenade in a daze.

...Which button is the one that turns on the light?

...

Commander: Happy White Day, Lam.

Commander: So sorry you had to be on adjutant duty at such a difficult time.

LWMMG: Please don't say that, Commander.

LWMMG: I have no complaints whatsoever about my work as an adjutant. In fact, it was quite an interesting experience.

Commander: Interesting? Really?

LWMMG: Yes, I gather not many Dolls have had the experience of rushing to meet a deadline together with you.

LWMMG chuckles as she accepts the chocolate.

LWMMG: Besides, watching you as you make these presents for us...

LWMMG: ...was quite touching.

Commander: ...Now you're just making fun of me.

LWMMG: Though I do have some thoughts about excessive consumption of chocolate on such occasions.

LWMMG: To prevent wastage, I think it is necessary to recycle any chocolate that the Dolls cannot finish.

LWMMG: Also, we need to consider what to do about the remaining ingredients...

Seeing that LWMMG has slipped right back into work mode, the Commander smiles.

Commander: I'm very glad I have you all by my side.

LWMMG: ...It is our duty to support you, Commander.

LWMMG: Compared to chocolate, being able to spend my days with you is the best present you can give me.

LWMMG: I hope life can go on like this forever.

Commander: ...It will.

Commander: I promise.

...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Corridor, Griffin Base.

At the end of a busy day, the Commander rushes over to Persica's lab.

The chocolate-making machine hasn't been dealt with yet. The Commander obviously hasn't forgotten about such an important matter.

Commander: ...Hm?

As the Commander approaches the lab, they hear the sound of the machine operating inside.

Commander: The machine... is still running?

Commander: Persica?

The Commander calls out to Persica and enters the lab, but there's no sign of her. All they see is the machine still in operation.

Commander: What...

LWMMG: Commander? Are you off duty already?

Commander: Lam?!

Commander: What are you doing here?

LWMMG: ...

LWMMG looks at the machine behind the Commander.

LWMMG: You gave me a chocolate this morning, remember?

Commander: ...A White Day gift, of course I remember.

Commander: I haven't gone senile.

LWMMG: Technically, that chocolate was a response gift for the chocolate I gave you a month ago.

LWMMG: So if I give you another gift in return for that gift, it will create a cycle.

Commander: What do you mean?

LWMMG: I believe it may be a little easier on everyone if we don't consider it a response gift.

Ding.

Just as she comes to that conclusion, the machine behind the Commander emits a sound that signals the completion of what it's been doing.

LWMMG takes the Commander's hand and pulls them up to the machine.

LWMMG: I used the remaining ingredients to make this.

LWMMG: Commander, would you like to eat it with me?

Commander: ...

The Commander chuckles at the sight of the gigantic chocolate cake and nods.

Commander: Of course, but don't tell Kalina.

LWMMG: Thank you.

...The machine can be put away later.

...

Commander: Happy White Day, K5.

Commander: Here's your chocolate. Sorry for waking you up in the middle of the night.

K5: No worries, Commander.

K5: I've learned of the outcome from my divination.

K5: Everything in life is preordained.

K5 accepts the chocolate with a faint smile.

Commander: You put a lot of stock in your divination.

K5: It depends on how you interpret fate and how you determine your place in destiny.

K5: Take you for instance, Commander. Your life has been full of ups and downs. Many things were completely beyond your expectations.

K5: But when you look back, you'll see that many things had been decided long before they happened.

Commander: ...What do you mean?

K5: Time will give you the answer you seek, Commander.

K5: But before destiny comes knocking on your door, please stay by our side.

Commander: ...Sure.

...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Corridor, Griffin Base.

Commander: ...

The Commander comes to a halt as they turn the corner. They turn their head robotically and stare at a stall that clearly has no business being there.

Commander: K5, what are you doing?

Jenny Dixon (?): Please call me Jenny Dixon, Commander.

Commander: So what are you doing, Miss Dixon?

Jenny Dixon (?): My dear passing Commander, this seems like a perfect time to do a reading on your future.

Jenny Dixon (?): Why don't you come and sit down before me?

Commander: Have you informed Kalina about this...? You shouldn't be blocking the corridor, should you?

The Commander takes a seat in confusion and looks down at the table covered in tarot cards.

Jenny Dixon (?): Hm... O merciful stars, please reveal this lost lamb's fate to me.

Jenny Dixon (?): ...I see, I see.

K5 flips over a tarot card in front of her. However, the Commander has seen her do readings before, and they know she won't do a proper one so haphazardly.

Jenny Dixon (?): Looks like you have a disaster in store for you in the near future.

Commander: Really? Can you be a bit for specific?

Jenny Dixon (?): That's not important, Commander.

Jenny Dixon (?): What matters is that I'm the only one who can help you avert it.

She retrieves a crystal ball from under the table. It seems to have been mounted onto a music box by hand.

Jenny Dixon (?): I'm giving this to you. It can ward off any calamity for you.

Commander: Is this what you're giving me in return for the White Day chocolate?

Commander: Thank you, K5. I'll cherish it.

Jenny Dixon (?): I don't know what you're talking about.

Jenny Dixon (?): My name is Jenny Dixon... But I'm sure Miss K5 will be glad to hear that.

Commander: Of course. Don't worry, I'll keep it safe.

The Commander smiles as they put away the crystal ball carefully.

Commander: Should I help you pack up, Miss Dixon?

K5: No, I'll move before Miss Kalina gets here.

K5: ...I wish you a pleasant weekend, Commander.

Commander: Thank you.

...

Commander: Happy White Day, Garand.

Commander: Here's your chocolate... Thank you for your patience, or I would've been in big trouble.

M1 Garand: You're always taking care of me. I'm just glad that I could do something for you for a change.

M1 Garand accepts the chocolate a little nervously.

M1 Garand: However, there is something I'd like to say...

M1 Garand: If preventive measures had been taken, it wouldn't have come to this.

Commander: You're absolutely right... I've reflected on my mistake.

M1 Garand: That's okay... To keep you from messing up again...

M1 Garand: We will keep supporting you by your side.

Commander: ...Right.

M1 Garand: Happy White Day, Commander.

Commander: And to you, Garand.

...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Command Center, Griffin Base.

Commander: (Yawns)

...Dammit, I'm getting sleepy.

After such a busy night last night, I still have to stay on top of work today. This is too hard on me.

M1 Garand: Commander, please have some coffee.

Commander: ...Hm? Garand?

Commander: Oh... thank you.

Just as the Commander is hit by a pang of drowsiness, a Doll offers a cup of coffee in a timely fashion.

Commander: Ah... It smells lovely.

M1 Garand: I told Miss Springfield that you'd worked till very late last night.

M1 Garand: And she prepared this refreshing espresso for you.

Commander: As expected of Springfield. Do thank her for me... Hm?

The first sip of coffee has cleared the fog in the Commander's mind, and they notice the plate of cookies on the same tray as the coffee.

Commander: Are these also from Springfield?

Commander: She doesn't usually make such trendy-looking snacks...

Commander: Hm... Delicious.

M1 Garand: ...

Commander: ...No, I'm not joking.

Commander: These are seriously good. Springfield didn't make these, did she... Did Kalina buy them?

Commander: Must be some fancy cookies.

M1 Garand: That's a bit too generous... Still, your approval certainly gives me a boost of confidence.

Commander: Huh...? You made these, Garand?

M1 Garand: Thank you for the chocolate.

Garand smiles softly at the Commander.

M1 Garand: If you want more, there's a surprise for you back at the dorm.

M1 Garand: I've made a little too much. I honestly don't know what to do if they weren't to your taste.

Commander: ...How many have you made?

Garand blinks.

M1 Garand: Enough to make you grow tired of eating them.

She says with conviction.

...

Commander: Happy White Day, P22.

Commander: Please take this. It's chocolate for you.

P22: A response gift from you? It's clearly for me.

P22: There's nothing for you...

P22: What? You want chocolate too?

P22: You can't have it.

Commander: ...Don't worry, P22.

Commander: Look, this chocolate has two flavors.

P22: Two flavors? From what I know about the Commander, I'm guessing it's 70% cocoa dark chocolate. What do you think?

P22: Judging by the color, it's probably strawberry chocolate? I don't think so. The Commander doesn't have much of a sweet tooth.

Commander: Just try it and you'll know.

P22: Well, it does look lovely...

P22: Then I'll eat this side, and you eat that side, okay?

P22: Alright, it's agreed then. No matter what flavor you get, there's no changing your mind.

P22: Thank you, Commander. We're both very happy with it.

Commander: Glad to hear.

The Commander chuckles helplessly as P22 accepts the chocolate.

P22: Happy White Day, Commander.

Commander: Same to you, P22.

...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Command Center, Griffin Base.

Thud.

P22: Commander!

Commander: ...P22? Is something wrong?

P22 barges right into the room without warning with two bags, taking the Commander by surprise.

P22: We want you to adjudicate.

Commander: "We"? Uh... Right, okay.

The Commander puts aside their paperwork and sits up primly.

P22 marches up to the Commander's desk and puts down the two bags side by side.

P22: We've been arguing about response presents for you the whole day and we can't decide whose gift is better.

P22: So we've decided to come and ask you directly.

Commander: ...

The Commander stares at P22 in confusion.

Commander: Uh... Let me see.

Commander: This is... a teddy bear?

P22: That's what I picked.

P22: I think someone as kind and sensitive as the Commander is bound to have an inner world as rich as a fairy tale.

P22: This is a much better choice compared to other hardcore things, don't you agree?

Commander: I think this is pretty hardcore in itself.

The Commander squeezes the teddy bear's paws. The more they look at it, the cuter it gets.

Commander: And this over here is... a gun replica?

P22: That's my pick.

P22: I think that fairy tale idea is a load of crap.

P22: To me, the Commander is a hot-blooded badass, so how could that lame stuffed toy satisfy your wild heart?

P22: That's why I've chosen this exquisite model display to give you a taste of the battlefield even in your office.

Commander: How am I wild...?

P22: So which do you think is a better gift for you?!

Commander: ...

Confronted with this dilemma, the Commander ponders their options, then picks up the gun replica and places it in the hand of the teddy bear.

Commander: Both are gifts that P22 picked out especially for me.

Commander: Compared to the gifts themselves, it's the sentiment that matters more to me—the same goes for the chocolate I gave you.

Commander: So neither is better than the other.

Carrying the armed teddy bear, the Commander stands up and puts it into the display cabinet to the side.

Commander: How's that?

P22: ...

Commander: Hm? P22?

P22: I was going to save the one you didn't pick for myself...

Commander: ...

At the sight of the Commander's awkward expression, P22 bursts into laughter.

P22: Just kidding. Don't worry, Commander.

P22: If you're happy with this, we have nothing against it either.

Commander: Right. Thank you, P22.

P22: Then we'll be off.

P22: By the way, Commander... Next time, you can make the chocolate a little sweeter.

P22: Both of us would prefer it that way.

Commander: ...Got it.

Commander: I'll keep that in mind for next time.

...

Commander: Happy White Day, T77.

T77: ...

T77 shows no response to the offered chocolate other than a wink.

Commander: ...T77?

T77: ...Why are you so obtuse? I was saying thanks.

Commander: Uh... Haha, sorry.

The Commander puts the chocolate in T77's hands.

T77: (Sighs) How long is it going to take for us to be completely in tune?

Commander: I'm not sharp enough. Really sorry about that.

T77: It's okay... We've got all the time in the world.

T77: I will slowly make our hearts beat as one, Commander.

T77: ...Hey! The Commander gave that to me! Don't eat it without my permission!

Looking at T77 argue with her own pet, the Commander smiles tenderly.

Commander: I get it now. You're saying, "Please help me," aren't you?

T77: That should be obvious even to an idiot!

T77: Hurry up, Commander! I can't catch it!

Commander: Alright, alright.

...
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Commander's Dormitory, Griffin Base.

Commander: It's finally over... Huh?!

Click.

Upon turning on the lights in their dorm, the Commander is greeted by such a shocking sight that for a second they think they've entered the wrong room.

Commander: ...What's this?

After checking and double-checking that this is indeed their room, the Commander walks back in through the door and stares at the wall, which is completely plastered with pieces of paper covered in text.

Commander: A Detailed Guide to... T77?

T77: That's right, Commander.

T77: This is my White Day response gift for you.

Commander: ...?!

Commander: T77? Where did you come from?!

T77: We could really be more attuned to each other.

T77: You didn't even notice that I've been waiting here for a very long time.

Commander: No one would've noticed that... Hold on, this was your doing?

T77: Correct.

T77 straightens up. She walks up to the wall and pulls out a pointer.

T77: I've discovered a very serious problem, Commander.

T77: You can't tell what I'm thinking from my eyes or my body language at all.

T77: This is very bad, because it means that we aren't attuned enough to be real partners!

T77: Which is why I've spent a great deal of time putting this together.

T77: You just have to read through the whole thing and commit it all to your memory.

T77: Then you'll surely come to know me inside and out.

Commander: Uh, I really appreciate the gesture, T77, but...

Commander: ...I have to... memorize all of this?

The Commander looks at the densely packed text printed on the papers.

T77: That's right!

Seeing T77's look of excitement and great anticipation, the Commander simply does not have the heart to utter the words, "Get it all off my wall."

Commander: I understand. I'll read it properly.

Commander: But first, let me rest. I am exhausted.

T77: Heheh, who do you take me for, Commander?

T77: I know you like the back of my hand.

T77: Which is why I've also prepared this—an audio book version!

T77: Just put on your headphones when you sleep, and you can...

Commander: No, thank you!

...

Commander: Persica, Persica.

Commander: Open the door, Persica. It's me, the Commander.

Persica: I don't want a newspaper subscription, I don't need a water purifier, and I don't take new commissions, goodbye.

Commander: ...You've said that before!

Persica: You're such a pain. What is it this time?

Persica: You disturbed me in my sleep, and now you won't leave me alone even when I'm busy with research?

The Commander jams the door open with their own body. They're holding a tray with two cups of coffee.

Commander: ...Happy White Day.

Persica: ...What, are you trying to poison me?

Persica: I can't stomach coffee made by amateurs.

Commander: Oh please, how many times have I made coffee for you?

Commander: Besides, Ange's coffee is practically sludge but you still drink it.

Persica: Well, I've always wanted to say that.

Persica: ...Hold on, what the hell is this? Are you actually planning to poison me?

Persica: Isn't this Collapse Fluid?

Commander: That's just what it looks like.

Commander: It's actually mocha... Don't tell me you don't know the customs for White Day?

Persica: The next time I make you a drink, I'll pour it down your throat even if you can't finish it.

Persica: Also, I don't remember giving you anything a month ago.

Commander: But you've done me too many favors.

Commander: Not just last night, but ever since we met.

Commander: I can't even begin to tell you how grateful I am to you.

Persica: ...

Persica seems quite taken aback to hear that, but then a dangerous smile creeps across her face.

Persica: I'm glad you're aware of that. I always collect what I'm owed.

Persica: Just making me a coffee or two won't cut it... Oh, this tastes pretty nice.

Commander: Thanks.

Looking at Persica, the Commander grins and raises their glass to her.

...The coffee tastes a little different from what they remember.

...

