???: I am always, always studying her. When she sits at her desk, showing nothing but her back...

???: Drawing strange lines, stroke by stroke with a quill made from goose feather.

???: ...If I were capable of discerning beauty, I would definitely shower her with praise.

—When a comrade-in-arm who was just chatting with you casually a few seconds ago dies in a horrific manner...

The intense trauma could very well overwhelm you and make you snap.

Lee Enfield stares at PK, sprawled on the ground. Other than fury, she is also experiencing some other emotion – something she can't quite put a finger on.

The realization surprises her.

...She looks divine.

Lee Enfield cannot suppress the thought.

Tokarev: This...is horrible...

Lee Enfield: ...

Type 56-1: Who was it?! Who the hell did this?!

Type 56-1: Come out and fight us fair and square!

Gr G36c: The ghost of a bride...

Gr G36c: This is the curse...that MDR was talking about.

Tokarev: Snap out of it! There's no such thing as ghosts in the world!

STEN MkII: Then explain what's going on!

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: No...

Lee Enfield: Ghosts do exist.

Lee Enfield: The "Ghost" known as the "Culprit".

Tokarev: What...

Gr G36c: ...We're all going to die.

Lee Enfield: No.

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: We haven't finished smoking our three pipes yet.

Lee Enfield, Gr G36c, MDR, and Type 56-1 make their way through the woods.

Lee Enfield: We're close to the target. Halt.

Gr G36c: Target in sight. Everything seems to be in order.

Lee Enfield: Nothing seems out of the ordinary with the terrain either.

Lee Enfield: 56-1, you were drafted into the team to fill an opening. Have you studied the mission files beforehand?

Type 56-1: That's the team leader's job, right? All I have to do is follow orders.

Type 56-1: ...By the way, I'm hungry.

Lee Enfield: Right, I see.

Lee Enfield: But just to be safe, give us a short briefing, MDR.

MDR: Okie-doke!

MDR: I'm warning you though – don't take this mission lightly. Our client means business.

Type 56-1: So what exactly do they want us to do?

MDR: All in good time. Simply put...

MDR: The Commander has received a case from the residents in the neighborhood. They say that some kind of disturbing noise can be heard from that abandoned mansion over there from time to time.

MDR: According to urban legends, it's the helpless ghost of a bride who had her hopes dashed.

MDR: I volunteered for the job the moment I learned about that.

MDR: This is soooooooo interesting!

Gr G36c: Ghost? Like, an actual spirit?

Type 56-1: ...

Type 56-1: Isn't that a load of bullcrap? I can't believe the Commander even accepted such an assignment.

Type 56-1: I know the Commander is nice and eager to help, but there should be a limit, right?

Type 56-1: At this rate, if someone reported an alien invasion, we'd have to mobilize and sort it out ourselves.

MDR: Like I said, all in good time.

MDR: I knew you weren't gonna take it well, which is why I emphasized again and again to treat this seriously.

MDR: Don't underestimate my resourcefulness as a popular anonymous forum user when it comes to collecting intel.

MDR: At first, the Commander didn't think much of it either. After all, it sounded exactly like a prank.

MDR: But the Commander still sent me to assess the situation just in case.

Type 56-1: And?

MDR: I was in for a surprise.

MDR: Something IS wrong about this place. At the very least, the neighbors' claims about mysterious noises are true.

MDR: I say it's worth sending in a team to investigate.

Gr G36c: You're sure you're not doing this just for kicks?

Lee Enfield: Well, you all know what happened afterwards.

Lee Enfield: Which is why we're here now.

Type 56-1: So our job is to find the source of those noises, right?

Lee Enfield: Yes.

Lee Enfield: I know it doesn't sound like much of a challenge, but it doesn't hurt to remain vigilant.

MDR: Are you confident?

Lee Enfield: Humph...

Lee Enfield: Does wine have tannins?

Gr G36c: I didn't realize the mansion was this huge until I saw it up close.

Type 56-1: You say it's abandoned, but it doesn't look like it's rotting at all.

Lee Enfield: MDR, did the mansion look the same the last time you came?

MDR: I dunno.

MDR: I was only here for recon. I didn't get this close to the building.

MDR: According to the accounts given by the local residents, someone seems to have entered the mansion in the past, but no one has heard from them ever since.

MDR: For safety's sake, I left once I ascertained that the noises do exist.

Lee Enfield: 56-1 is right. For an abandoned building, it is in extraordinarily good condition.

Lee Enfield: You can hardly see anything through the gloom from outside the windows, but it doesn't smell of decay either.

Lee Enfield: Even the doormat outside the main entrance is squeaky clean. I honestly find it hard to believe this mansion is uninhabited.

Lee Enfield: But the plants and mosses are growing rampantly on the porch with no sign of having been disturbed, so no one has entered or left the building for quite a while.

MDR: Wow... That's some impressive observation skills.

MDR: You seem a lot more animated than you usually are?

Lee Enfield: It's elementary inductive reasoning.

MDR: You're different than what I imagined.

MDR: The posts on the anon forum say you're the taciturn type.

Lee Enfield: Your impression on most Dolls isn't the most accurate.

Lee Enfield: You shouldn't put too much faith in the information you obtain from the internet.

MDR: Inductive reasoning, eh...? This does seem like the perfect setting for a detective novel.

Type 56-1: Don't jinx it... It's not like any murder is gonna take place.

Type 56-1: How should we get in?

Lee Enfield: Through the front door. If the reclusive master of the house is actually living within the walls, we can't forget our manners.

Gr G36c: So we're knocking...?

Gr G36c walks up to the main entrance. Looming over her small stature, the heavy wooden door looks very imposing.

MDR: I expected as much, but there really is no answer.

MDR: Well? Should we turn back?

Lee Enfield: Manners aside, we can't forfeit the mission.

MDR: True. Besides, if I can somehow get a paranormal picture, it'll cause quite a stir on the forum.

MDR: Gr G36c, can you open the door?

Gr G36c: Let me check. If it's locked, I can try hacking into...

Click—

The door sudden opens slowly inward all by itself. Gr G36c freezes for a moment, not comprehending what just happened.

Gr G36c: Oh my...

Lee Enfield: ...

MDR: What's this? Are we being invited inside?

Type 56-1: I'm not detecting any electronic activity. Is there some sort of mechanism in the door?

Gr G36c: Or it could be a ghost.

Lee Enfield: Whatever it was, if the door is open wide for us, we have no reason to turn down the invitation.

MDR: Right, let's go then!

Type 56-1: The mansion looks spooky from the outside, but it looks pretty normal in here.

Lee Enfield: The internal structure is exactly like any other house.

Lee Enfield: But don't forget – this mansion has allegedly been abandoned for over a decade.

Lee Enfield: This state of orderliness where even the electrical installations are still fully functional and all the lights are still on in the hallways...

Lee Enfield: There's nothing "normal" about it.

MDR: Without a whole team of household staff or a single Miss Gr G36, it's impossible to maintain this level of cleanliness in such a big mansion.

MDR: But we haven't seen a single person since the moment we came in, nor do we know who opened the door for us.

MDR: ...This is turning out to be a real thriller. The kind that sends chills running down your spine.

Lee Enfield: At least we can be certain that this mansion does have an inhabitant. We simply don't know why they aren't showing themselves.

Lee Enfield: In any case, we have to find them first. However, the scope of our search is limited if we stick together.

Lee Enfield: Let's agree on a meet-up point and spread out.

MDR: Now that you mention a meet-up point...don't you think that door over there looks slightly different than the other ones?

Lee Enfield: Go and take a look, Gr G36c.

Gr G36c: Sure.

MDR: We'll cover you, so don't worry.

Gr G36c: If a ghost comes popping out from behind, make sure you do something to save me.

Gr G36c approaches the door at the end of the hallway and opens it carefully.

Lee Enfield: Report, Gr G36c. What's behind the door?

Gr G36c: Hmm...well...

Gr G36c: I don't really know how to describe it. You'd better come see for yourselves...

Gr G36c: Oh, and no suspicious beings discovered. It's safe.

MDR: Ooooh, the mystery.

MDR: Don't tell me it's the chocolate factory where a troop of Oompa-Loompas make choc... Wow.

Lee Enfield: ...A church?

Type 56-1: Who'd have thought there would be church in the middle of a mansion?

MDR: If there really is a ghost, then they sure have an awful sense of humor to live in a church.

Gr G36c: Look, over there.

Lee Enfield: I see... So that's the origin of the legend about the ghost bride?

On the alter, right beneath the statue, there are a lot of wedding dresses on display.

These dresses surrounding the statue are all of unique design, and the handiwork is so exquisite even the T-Dolls can appreciate the tailor's extraordinary skills.

If they were being worn by actual brides and not merely displayed on hangers, they would be even more stunning.

MDR: What kinda guy could have so many brides all at once? Must be quite a stud.

MDR: If the Commander did this...the forum would have a field day.

Lee Enfield: This seems to be the central point of the mansion. Let's use this as our meet-up point and start our investigation.

Type 56-1: Even if we spread out, we don't have enough people to cover all the grounds, don't you think?

Lee Enfield: We didn't have enough information and miscalculated the size of the building.

Lee Enfield: We don't have to push ourselves too hard to attain results. Just come back and meet up in about an hour.

Gr G36c: Are we all going off alone?

Type 56-1: What if something happens to us?

Lee Enfield: If the situation calls for it, you're authorized to open fire.

Lee Enfield: The moment we hear a shot fired, we make for the source of the sound immediately.

Type 56-1: Roger that.

MDR: Got it.

Gr G36c: Understood.

An hour later.

A lone MDR checks the time and starts making her way back to the church.

Right then, it starts raining heavily outside the mansion, and her investigation comes to a halt.

MDR: That was close. Damn, it's really pouring. Thank goodness it was still dry when we arrived.

MDR: Though I bet we'll still be dripping wet by the time we finish.

MDR: Detective game or not, it really feels like I'm in one.

MDR: A mysterious mansion on lockdown due to heavy rain... All we're missing is a murderer and a victim.

MDR: The more I find out about this place, the more fascinating it becomes. To be honest, this sense of intrigue is pretty irresistible.

MDR: The mansion shows no sign of being inhabited, but every single room is clean and well-cared for.

MDR: Come to think of it, it's such a waste! Maybe I should just move in myself.

MDR: I wonder how it's going for the others. If they can't find any residents either...this could actually be a haunted house.

MDR: Jokes aside, I gotta admit the existence of ghosts is pretty scary.

MDR: But that church really is something. If I could say my vows there...

MDR: Oh, I was just thinking if I'd be the first to come back here. Didn't expect you to beat me to it, Cap!

Lee Enfield: Hush.

MDR: ...Is something wrong?

Lee Enfield: I'm glad you made it back in time, MDR. We've been waiting for you.

MDR: "We"?

MDR: ...Damn, I didn't notice you two were here as well.

MDR: Turns out I'm the last, eh?

Type 56-1: ...

Gr G36c: ...

MDR: Why are y'all looking so serious? And why are you standing so far away...

MDR: ...in that formation? Is something not right with the church?

Lee Enfield: Type 56-1 heard an unnatural noise on her way back here.

Lee Enfield: We seem to have discovered some unwelcome guests while we were spread out doing our own investigation.

Lee Enfield: There are around four of them. We're not certain whether they're armed.

MDR: Could you identify them?

Lee Enfield: We didn't have time. We've only just regrouped ourselves.

Lee Enfield: It's unwise to initiate contact before figuring out the situation.

MDR: So what are we gonna do now? Do we ambush them?

Lee Enfield: No...we can't be absolutely sure that they're hostile.

Lee Enfield: They could just be civilians seeking shelter from the rain.

MDR: Then why don't I just walk in there and say hello?

MDR: I know it's not a bad thing to be cautious, but we'll never get the job done if we keep dragging our feet.

Lee Enfield: True, it won't do to let this drag on.

Lee Enfield: Watch out for cover and your own safety. If you run into any trouble, retreat at once.

MDR: Alright, alright.

MDR: How strange. Most people would be really excited when they see such things. Their silence is honestly rather unsettli-

Click...

Lee Enfield: Watch out!

Type 56-1: Get down!

BOOM!

Lee Enfield: That's a grenade... Gr G36c!

Gr G36c: Enemy units detected.

Type 56-1: They're exploiting our blind spot and have us surrounded... Smart, but not smart enough!

Type 56-1: We've trained for this!

With lightning-quick reflexes, Type 56-1 aims at the crack at the door, flares flashing from the muzzle of her gun.

The ones on the other side of the door return fire immediately, but are suppressed by Gr G36c's hail of bullets coming from the side.

MDR: Wait, wait, wait!

MDR: The hell are you doing? The mansion was in such good shape! Now you're trashing it!

Lee Enfield: Cease firing.

Lee Enfield: Gr G36c, Type 56-1, lower your weapons.

Type 56-1: Huh?

Gr G36c: ...

Lee Enfield: You're Tokarev, aren't you?

???: That sounds like...

The attack from behind the door also stops.

Tokarev: ...Miss Lee Enfield?

...

Tokarev: I didn't know the Commander sent another team to investigate.

Lee Enfield: Same here. The Commander didn't say a word about you.

Lee Enfield: But if you're sent as reinforcements, it makes no sense to not mention us at all.

Tokarev: We were carrying out a mission in the area and only made our way here on short notice about an hour ago.

Tokarev: Thanks to that, we managed to stay out of the rain.

Lee Enfield: What 56-1 said is correct. We have undergone this training before, so I deduce that the enemy is friendly.

Lee Enfield: Your anti-encirclement tactics are a fine example, as this kind of tactical formation is unique to Griffin & Kryuger. Furthermore, only you are able to perform it this magnificently among all the Griffin T-dolls.

Tokarev: Is that so.

MDR: Still, why would you throw a grenade? Are you outta your freakin' mind? We're indoors!

MDR: Dammit, I'm gonna roast you on the anonymous forum when this is over!

STEN MkII: What's the point of making it anonymous when you've already said it out loud in person...

STEN MkII: And it's all because you guys were trying to hack the door with your sneaky electronic signals! You gave Papasha a real scare, of course she would think you were enemies!

PPSh-41: Wha...?! I did NOT!

MDR: So they ARE telling the truth when they say you're hot-headed!

PK: Enough... It was our fault.

PK: You see how Miss Lee Enfield kept her cool and held back the attack?

PK: It was not nice of you to just lob a grenade over, Sten.

STEN MkII: I guess this spooky place is getting to me...

Lee Enfield: Gr G36c?

Gr G36c: There's no signal connection here, I can't contact the commander.

Tokarev: Same here. We've lost all communication ever since we got here.

Tokarev: We can't even ask for our next directive.

Lee Enfield: We noticed it started raining outside when we were scouting around. It's coming down hard and there's even thunder.

Lee Enfield: That could be the cause of the signal interference.

(Crash!)

PPSh-41: AAAACK!

Type 56-1: Calm down, comrade!

Snap...

MDR: Whoa! We're having a blackout!

Lee Enfield: Don't panic.

Lee Enfield: The lightning probably caused an electrical outage.

Lee Enfield: Tokarev, take someone with you and we'll check the power distribution together. The rest of you, be on the lookout.

Lee Enfield: MDR, you're the most adept at electronic warfare. Try to figure out the situation while waiting for us to get in touch.

MDR: Okie-doke!
Part 2

2

The light in the hallway has been extinguished. To think places that were originally candlelit also relied on electricity for illumination.
Part 3

3

The electrical room seems to be in the corner of the mansion. Luckily its location is known, otherwise looking for it would have taken forever.
Part 4

    4chevron_right

STEN MkII: So you've already taken a look around this place?

Type 56-1: We arrived even earlier than you. It's not like we've just been hanging around doing nothing.

Lee Enfield: The mansion isn't actually that big.

Lee Enfield: The actual area is a lot smaller than its exterior appearance may suggest, probably because of the thick walls.

Tokarev: I didn't expect the electrical room to be somewhere so obvious...

Tokarev: In fact, it can be very easily overlooked precisely because it's hidden in plain sight.

Type 56-1: I noticed that when I was doing my investigation. Didn't expect it to come in useful.

Type 56-1: This mansion's furnishings are very retro, but the electrical room is equipped with very sophisticated technology.

Type 56-1: If all that power is just for the purpose of providing illumination, it's a bit of an overkill.

Lee Enfield: Without a doubt...there are other electrical appliances in this mansion.

Lee Enfield: Well done, Type 56-1. You've saved us a lot of time.

Tokarev: Sten, how does it look?

STEN MkII: It's just a normal tripped fuse. Nothing serious.

STEN MkII: We'll just have to switch it back on.

Tokarev: That's good to hear. Then let's get the power running again.

Tokarev: Miss Lee, please inform Miss MDR and have her return to the church as well.

Lee Enfield: MDR, we've located the electrical room and restored power. Please acknowledge.

...

Nothing but static comes through the channel.

Lee Enfield: ...MDR?

???: She never bloomed before she met her end. She entered the tomb the way a king would reclaim his lost land.

???: Even after a layer of dust settled upon the coffin lid, none understood this true virtuoso's bid.

???: Her loneliness was a never-flowering bud, sprouted amidst brambled thorns in the mud.

???: Even as days and years flow by, your beauty remains unchanged.

Tokarev: ...Miss PK, what's the situation?

PK: No sign of MIss MDR around the church.

PK: There's no sign of a struggle either.

Lee Enfield: MDR is an exemplary T-Doll. She wouldn't have disappeared without a word.

Tokarev: So what do we do now?

Lee Enfield: Search the whole mansion. We have to find MDR's whereabouts.

Type 56-1: Roger that.

Gr G36c: Understood.

Tokarev: You too. We've got to find Miss MDR.

PPSh-41: G-Got it!

PK: Leave it to us.

STEN MkII: Alright.

Lee Enfield: ...I'm really sorry about this. My team is causing you trouble.

Tokarev: Nyet, you don't have to apologize. This is something beyond your control.

Tokarev: So, should we join the search as well?

Lee Enfield: Yes, of course.

Lee Enfield: I think I might have an idea.

Tokarev: An idea?

Lee Enfield: Since 56-1 had come across the electrical room earlier, it didn't take us much time to get to it.

Lee Enfield: MDR had only that amount of time to leave the church, so it can be surmised that she couldn't have gone too far.

Lee Enfield: If she had been attacked, it wouldn't be a stretch to say that it occurred somewhere near the church.

Tokarev: I see. Such reasoning is full of clarity. You truly live up to your name, Miss Lee.

Tokarev: Then let's hurry up and find her.

Lee Enfield: We don't have to rush.

Lee Enfield: Visibility was extremely limited in this pitch dark mansion before we restored the power supply. MDR doesn't have night vision equipment with her.

Lee Enfield: Which means she'd have left traces along the way.

Lee Enfield: We'll be able to find her by following those traces.

Tokarev: I see your point... Keen observations and an agile mind.

Tokarev: You're just like a certain famous detective, Miss Lee. He also happened to be British. What's his name... Sher...?

Lee Enfield: Sherlock Holmes.

Lee Enfield: Please don't make fun of me, Tokarev. This is all just simple inductive reasoning.

Tokarev: I'm not making fun of you. I'm just genuinely impressed.

Tokarev: Your presence really is reassuring. While I wasn't aware of your involvement beforehand, I now find myself glad for it.

Lee Enfield: Speaking of which, I've been wondering, Tokarev...

Lee Enfield: When did you arrive at the mansion?

Tokarev: Not long ago. We'd only just got here when we ran into your team.

Tokarev: We entered through the garden in the back.

Lee Enfield: I see. We came in through the front door at 8pm. No wonder we didn't see each other.

Tokarev: 8pm... That's around the time I received my orders.

Lee Enfield: I find it really strange – questionable even – that the Commander sent you in without telling you anything or waiting for my report.

Tokarev: True, the Commander almost never gives such confusing orders.

Tokarev: We've also been kept completely clueless about the situation in the mansion. Have you discovered anything extraordinary, Miss Lee?

Lee Enfield: All too many.

Lee Enfield: It's most disconcerting when you find yourself up against something so full of openings.

Lee Enfield: The most obvious would be the bizarre church. You've seen it, right?

Tokarev: Da...the one bang in the center of the mansion, you mean?

Tokarev: Those wedding gowns sure are gorgeous.

Tokarev: I bet you'll look stunning in one of them.

Lee Enfield: They're gorgeous, yes, but also glaringly suspicious.

Lee Enfield: Whether it's the works of ghosts or living people, we're very much being mocked.

Tokarev: Indeed... Do you believe in ghosts, Miss Lee?

Lee Enfield: I don't.

Lee Enfield: Malice is malice, be it from humans or ghosts. Our enemy is simply malice and evil in the collective sense.

Tokarev: How profound. I hope I could be as single-minded and straightforward as you.

Bang!

Tokarev: Gunfire!

Lee Enfield: ...!

Lee Enfield: Lee Enfield here. Report, who fired just now?

Type 56-1: I'm copying, Leader.

Lee Enfield: This is Lee. Report, 56-1.

Type 56-1: We found MDR.

Lee Enfield: Good. Put her through.

Lee Enfield: I have some questions for her.

Type 56-1: ...

Lee Enfield: ...Is something the matter?

Type 56-1: You'd better come see for yourself...

Lee Enfield: What's wrong?

Type 56-1: To put it simply...

Type 56-1: She crashed.

Type 56-1: We can't reboot her neural cloud.

Lee Enfield: Where are you?

Type 56-1: We're all—

Type 56-1: Pzzzt—

Type 56-1: Pzzzzzzt—

Tokarev: Miss Lee! It's an electronic assault!

Lee Enfield: Stay where you are!

Lee Enfield: I'm coming right now!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

MDR's neural cloud has been locked out due to interference, so the perpetrator is definitely not a stranger to electronic warfare.

It'll be hard to find someone like that even at Griffin & Kryuger.

Furthermore, no traces were left behind.

Just like…a ghost.

By the time Lee Enfield rushes to the scene, it's already in complete disarray.

STEN MkII: Who the hell did this?!

Type 56-1: How should I know?! The comms are jammed... Say, is everyone okay?!

PK: Don't panic. Our leaders will be back soon!

PPSh-41: I'm not scared... I'm not scared at all...

Lee Enfield: Type 56-1!

Type 56-1: Leader!

Lee Enfield: Get ahold of yourselves! Such panic is unsightly!

Lee Enfield: 56-1, what exactly is the problem that you mentioned in...

Lee Enfield enters the room and falls silent.

Her eyes are drawn immediately to MDR in the corner.

MDR is sitting there quietly as if she's asleep.

Tokarev: How did this happen...?

Lee Enfield: ...Who was the first to discover her?

Gr G36c: I was.

Gr G36c steps forward from the group.

Gr G36c: I left the church and checked the surrounding rooms one by one.

Gr G36c: When I got to this one, I noticed it was locked – it's the only room with a locked door. I thought whoever's behind this whole thing was in there, so I fired at the lock and broke in, only to find MDR collapsed over there.

Type 56-1: Yeah, I was with Gr G36c. I can vouch for everything she said.

Lee Enfield: The door was locked from the inside?

Gr G36c: Ja.

Lee Enfield walks toward the door. The lock has indeed been destroyed by a bullet. The mangled piece of metal is hanging like a broken rag doll on the wooden door.

She takes a look around – it's a rectangular room with no windows. All the walls are covered in wallpaper that shows no sign of damage.

Tokarev: Is this a so-called locked-room murder...?

PPSh-41: D-Don't scare us, Leader! I think a ghost did this!

STEN MkII: Isn't that even scarier of a thought...?

Tokarev: Miss Lee, Miss MDR's body bears no physical injury at all. This should be the result of an electronic assault.

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: PK, Sten, and Gr G36c, you three head back to the church with MDR's body.

Lee Enfield: Tokarev, Type 56-1, and Papasha, you're with me. We're searching the mansion again.

STEN MkII: Haven't you already done that before?

Lee Enfield: There's a thunderstorm out there.

Lee Enfield: Under such tumultuous weather conditions, even T-Dolls can't leave the scene.

Lee Enfield: So if the culprit arrived after us, they must still be within the mansion.

Lee Enfield: ...Which means we must've missed something.

PK: Understood.

PK: Are we staying behind as backup?

STEN MkII: Why am I even in the backup group?

Lee Enfield: I'll get in touch with you once every hou- every half an hour to prevent another ambush from happening.

PK: Ambush? You believe MDR was ambushed?

Lee Enfield: MDR is an outstanding T-Doll. If she'd caught sight of the culprit, she wouldn't have let herself be killed without putting up a fight.

Lee Enfield: If she hadn't even had the chance to fire a single shot, I'm inclined to think that the culprit dealt her a fatal blow from behind.

PK: I see. Your reasoning is sound.

PPSh-41: But...what if...it really was a ghost? Even the most outstanding T-Doll wouldn't stand a chance!

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: Ghosts don't exist in this world, Papasha.

Tokarev: Right, enough gloomy talk. We're splitting up, but we must take care not to be alone, so pair up.

Tokarev: Papasha, pull yourself together. This isn't like you at all. As a T-Doll, you mustn't let such fictitious nonsense get to you.

PPSh-41: Eeep... Got it!

Lee Enfield: Tokarev, please stay with me.

Lee Enfield: 56-1, go in the other direction with Sten. We're doing a thorough sweep in every room – don't let even a single bug get pass you.

Type 56-1: Roger that!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

PPSh-41: 56-1... Wait for me!

Type 56-1: Stop dragging your feet...or I'm leaving you behind.

PPSh-41: But why are we running back?

Type 56-1: I simply can't believe she just died like that.

Type 56-1: So I had to come back and see if there's something we overlooked.

A spent casing? Oh, it's probably from the time Gr G36c fired at the lock to open the door.

PPSh-41: Haven't you already looked through everything?

Type 56-1: What if we missed something? Stop asking questions and just come over here.

PPSh-41: Gee...

PPSh-41: Hmm?

Type 56-1: Found something?

PPSh-41: Nyet, it's nothing, really. But was this here before?

Type 56-1: A shell? Oh, it's probably from the time Gr G36c fired at the lock to open the door.

PPSh-41: Come to think of it, it is a locked-room murder.

Type 56-1: Stop saying that... It makes my skin crawl and takes away my appetite.

Type 56-1: Is this really the only entrance to the room?

PPSh-41: But they were all "locked-room murder" this, "locked-room murder" that just now...

PPSh-41: And da, this room is built along the inner wall. It doesn't even have any windows and can only be accessed through this door.

Type 56-1: That's strange...

Type 56-1: I don't believe in ghosts. As long as the culprit is a living being, there has to be a clue.

PPSh-41: The lock has been thoroughly destroyed. It's surprisingly not sturdy for a mansion that's built like a fortress.

Type 56-1: Don't be stupid. If it weren't sturdy, Gr G36c wouldn't have had to fire at it.

PPSh-41: That's a good point.

Type 56-1: Actually, I'd say this lock is even sturdier than the door. If it had been me, I would've gone for the door itself.

Type 56-1: Judging by how robust it is, it could possibly take more than one shot to break it if the aim was even slightly off.

Type 56-1: This was probably a security lock of the highest specs back when this mansion was built.

PPSh-41: A lock that's even sturdier than the door... That's basically putting the cart before the horse.

PPSh-41: It's almost as if someone WANTED Gr G36c to fire at it.

Type 56-1: And if you think about it, why would they go to the trouble of launching an electronic assault on MDR?

Type 56-1: If they'd already prepared the scene so meticulously, wouldn't it be more straightforward to simply fire at her?

Type 56-1: Or were they trying not alert us so as to buy time for their escape?

PPSh-41: Why don't we go and ask Gr G36c?

PPSh-41: After all, she was the first to discover the body.

PPSh-41: We could also question her more thoroughly about the lock.

Type 56-1: I just have a feeling that something's off about this lock.

Type 56-1: I was right next to Gr G36c back then. She'd been trying to twist it open for ages, but it wouldn't budge.

Type 56-1 studies the broken lock carefully.

Type 56-1: But I can't tell what exactly the problem is... You're right.

Type 56-1: Let's head back for now.

Gr G36c: Status report – nothing unusual.

Lee Enfield: Stand by. We'll get in touch again in 30 minutes.

Lee Enfield: Lee Enfield out.

Tokarev: What are your thoughts, Miss Lee?

Lee Enfield: About what?

Tokarev: Do you believe this is the doing of a ghost?

(Thunderclap)

A massive thunder crashes through the sky just as Tokarev finishes her sentence.

Lee Enfield: ...There are no ghosts in the world, Tokarev.

Tokarev: But no one can truly say for sure.

Lee Enfield: What are you getting at, Tokarev?

Tokarev: If the culprit really is a ghost, do we stand a chance?

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: I've already made myself quite clear the first time, please don't make me repeat myself.

Lee Enfield: Saying the same thing twice is meaningless, but I'll say it again – there are no ghosts in the world.

Lee Enfield: A murderous ghost is nothing but a cunning illusion.

Tokarev: Your certainty puts my mind at ease.

Tokarev: Everyone was pretty rattled back in the room.

Tokarev: Sorry for testing you, but you will need an iron will to keep the situation under control.

Lee Enfield: I understand that we are all taken aback by what happened.

Lee Enfield: I know how hard it is to keep a cool head when there's been a casualty.

Lee Enfield: You've done well, Tokarev.

Tokarev: Spasibo.

As they are talking, they open another door.

Lee Enfield: Is this an archive?

Tokarev: Looks more like a study.

Lee Enfield: There seems to be some notes on the desk. Some kind of record?

Tokarev: Should we take a look?

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield walks up to the desk and starts flipping through the pages.
Part 2

2

Mansion Diary: XX/XX Entry No. 11

Mansion Diary: It's never occurred to me to use blue Edelweiss in my original design.

Mansion Diary: Out of all the elements I've used, this kind of decoration is the one I'm most satisfied with.
Part 3

3

Mansion Diary: XX/XX Entry No. 19

Mansion Diary: This isn't the time to be making wedding dresses, but my hands just can't stop.

Mansion Diary: The airstrike earlier today almost got the mansion.

Mansion Diary: I'm not too happy with the jellyfish design. I'll have to make another one later.
Part 4

4

Mansion Diary: XX/XX Entry No. 27

Mansion Diary: No matter how many wedding dresses I make, nobody will ever put them on. Why am I even doing this?
Part 5

5

Mansion Diary: XX/XX Entry No. 33

Mansion Diary: No one appreciates my wedding dresses. I'm the only one who understands how beautiful they are.
Part 6

6

Mansion Diary: XX/XX Entry No. 39

Mansion Diary: Perhaps I never needed acknowledgment in the first place.

Mansion Diary: It's better to be alone than in bad company.
Part 7

7

Mansion Diary: XX/XX Entry No. 88

Mansion Diary: I'm dying. I can feel it.

Mansion Diary: What will happen to them after I die?
Part 8

    8chevron_right

Mansion Diary: XX/XX Entry No. 99

Mansion Diary: "I walk - one foot in the ashes, one foot on the edge of time."

Tokarev: How appalling.

Lee Enfield: The author was very emotional. They seemed to be experiencing some kind of mental health issue.

Tokarev: This must be the journal of the mansion's owner.

Lee Enfield: Yes, it turns out the owner was a wedding dress designer and had nothing to do with this ghostly bride.

Lee Enfield: The journal dates roughly back to the war, and the content also matches up with the time frame.

Tokarev: It appears the mansion has been deserted since the death of this person.

Tokarev: ...But that doesn't really seem to be the case here. Could there be another more recent journal somewhere?

Lee Enfield: This one here is the journal of an explorer. Some daredevil adventurer.

Tokarev: Explorer? Why is it here? What does it say?

Lee Enfield: Mostly just blowing his own horn.

Lee Enfield: Basically, it's an account of how he broke into the mansion with his friends as a test of courage.

Lee Enfield: The first half isn't particularly interesting, but there's this part in the second half that bothers me.

Tokarev: Which part?

Lee Enfield: He mentioned how one of his friends started acting very strangely.

Lee Enfield: Not only was he not himself, he did very bizarre things and even attacked the author and the others.

Lee Enfield: According to the author, he's been "possessed".

Tokarev: That's horrific.

Tokarev: Being possessed by a ghost... Could something so creepy really happen?

Click.

Gr G36c: This is Gr G36c. Please respond if you copy.

Lee Enfield: This is Lee. I copy. It isn't time to check in yet, is something wrong?

Gr G36c: Fräulein Sten got too impatient and decided to participate in the investigation.

Lee Enfield: What?!

Lee Enfield: Tell her she mustn't do anything without orders!

Gr G36c: I'm really sorry...but she ran off before Fräulein PK and I could stop her.

Gr G36c: She's as hot-headed as ever.

Tokarev: This isn't good...

Gr G36c: Fräulein PK has gone after her while I'm still at the church. What should I do, Leader?

Lee Enfield: We're coming right now. Stay where you are and wait for us.

Gr G36c: Understood. Please remain calm. I'll exercise caution.

Tokarev: Let's go, Miss Lee!

Lee Enfield: ...

Tokarev: Miss Lee, what's the matter?

Lee Enfield: It seems a bit odd that Sten would disobey her orders and act on her own at a time like this.

Lee Enfield: Or maybe it's nothing. Might just be my imagination.

Lee Enfield: Let's go.

Gr G36c: Leader!

Lee Enfield: Gr G36c! Where are the other two?

Gr G36c: Sorry, I lost them. They were too fast for me to keep up... I didn't expect Fräulein PK to be so nimble.

Lee Enfield: That's alright. I'm just glad you're safe.

Lee Enfield: Tokarev, contact your teammate.

Tokarev: Uh...right, I can talk to Sten directly!

Tokarev: I'll do that right now.

Click.

Tokarev: Sten!

STEN MkII: This is Sten. Please go ahead.

Tokarev: Cease your unauthorized action immediately and return to formation!

STEN MkII: Huh?! How do you know... N-nothing. I couldn't bear just sitting there and doing nothing.

STEN MkII: Besides, when I was in that room, I had the feeling that I was being watched and it freaked me out...

Tokarev: Return at once! Where is Miss PK?

STEN MkII: PK? Isn't she at the church? I didn't see her.

Gr G36c: She's gone after you. Hasn't she run into you?

STEN MkII: What? No, I didn't notice her at all!

Tokarev: That...

Lee Enfield: Bloody hell.

STEN MkII: What's wrong? What happ- Whoa!

PPSh-41: Aaaaaaah!

Gr G36c: That's Papasha!

Tokarev: New orders, Sten!

Tokarev: Head towards Group B! Did you hear that?

STEN MkII: Of course I did! I almost lost my hearing from that!

Lee Enfield: Go!
Part 2

2

Adventurer Manual: "The ghost shall possess the bodies of intruders until they are greeted by ruin."
Part 3

    3chevron_right

—When a comrade-in-arm who was just chatting with you casually a few seconds ago dies in a horrific manner...

The intense trauma could very well overwhelm you and make you snap.

Lee Enfield stares at PK, sprawled on the ground. Other than fury, she is also experiencing some other emotion – something she can't quite put a finger on.

The realization surprises her.

...She looks divine.

Lee Enfield cannot suppress the thought.

Tokarev: This...is horrible...

Lee Enfield: ...

Type 56-1: Who was it?! Who the hell did this?!

Type 56-1: Come out and fight us fair and square!

Gr G36c: The ghost of a bride...

Gr G36c: This is the curse...that MDR was talking about.

Tokarev: Snap out of it! There's no such thing as ghosts in the world!

STEN MkII: Then explain what's going on!

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: No...

Lee Enfield: Ghosts do exist.

Lee Enfield: The "Ghost" known as the "Culprit".

Tokarev: What...

Gr G36c: ...We're all going to die.

Lee Enfield: No.

Lee Enfield: ...

Lee Enfield: We haven't finished smoking our three pipes yet.

Lee Enfield: ...

Tokarev: Lee... They've all calmed down.

Lee Enfield: Right, thanks.

Tokarev: ...

Tokarev: ...Still, I can tell they're getting more and more anxious.

Tokarev: I just checked – the rain is also getting heavier.

Tokarev: We need to think of something.

Lee Enfield remains silent and kneels down by the wall to get a closer look at PK's body.

Lee Enfield: ...

Tokarev: Miss Lee?

Tokarev expresses her bewilderment, but Lee Enfield simply stands up again and observes her surroundings quietly.

Tokarev: ...Miss Lee?

Lee Enfield: Just call me Lee, Tokarev.

Lee Enfield: Do you remember how MDR was killed?

Tokarev: Uh...sure, Lee.

Tokarev: I do remember. Miss MDR's neural cloud crashed as she was attacked electronically in a completely sealed room.

Lee Enfield: There's something I haven't been able to figure out.

Lee Enfield: Why did MDR enter that room in the first place?

Lee Enfield: And why would MDR, who specializes in electronic warfare, fall victim to an electronic attack herself?

Tokarev: Don't tell me even you believe it was a ghost.

Lee Enfield: It would be a relief if it really were a ghost.

Lee Enfield: No ghost can imagine what kind of hardships we've been through.

Lee Enfield: Sadly, I am 100% certain that we are not in a fantasy story, but a third-rate detective novel.

Tokarev: I don't understand. What do you mean?

Tokarev: We've already confirmed multiple times that there's no one else in the building.

Tokarev: If this is a third-rate detective novel, do you mean to say the culprit is among us?

Tokarev: But how is that possible?

Lee Enfield: The truth is often hidden in shadows where the light can't reach, Tokarev.

Lee Enfield: The only possible reason for MDR to be ambushed that way is because she trusted the culprit enough to turn her back.

Lee Enfield: I've found someone to be very suspicious for a while now.

Lee Enfield: Do you remember the scuffle we got into in the beginning? And what happened when we discovered MDR's body?

Tokarev: You mean...

Type 56-1: Leader, how long are we supposed to wait?!

Apart from the two team leaders, the remaining T-Dolls are starting to lose their cool.

The consecutive deaths of their friends have greatly infuriated them, but not being able to identify the murderer is also making them uneasy.

The ominous sense of impending doom spreads among them like a miasma. Everyone is waiting for things to blow up any second.

Lee Enfield: Type 56-1, Gr G36c, Papasha, Sten.

Gr G36c: Yes, ma'am.

Lee Enfield: Let's start from the beginning.

Lee Enfield: After my last communication with Gr G36c, why did you leave your post, Sten?

STEN MkII: ...I was wrong to do that, and I've already told you why I did it.

STEN MkII: I found it impossible to be a sitting duck, and my anxiety got the better of me.

STEN MkII: So I decided to walk it off and take a look around.

Lee Enfield: Gr G36c said PK went after you, but you never saw her, is that true?

STEN MkII: Of course! I don't know what's going on, but I honestly didn't see her!

STEN MkII: ...Wait, the way you're questioning me... You think I did it?

Tokarev: Not at all. Lee is merely trying to sort out the facts.

STEN MkII: ...

STEN MkII: ...I received your call not long after I left.

STEN MkII: Just as I was trying to figure out who snitched on me, I heard Papasha's scream. My ears are still ringing a bit even now.

Lee Enfield: Papasha, when you and Type 56-1 discovered PK, was she already lying on the floor?

PPSh-41: ...

Lee Enfield: Papasha?

PPSh-41: Oh! Uh...da.

PPSh-41: Sorry...I'm still in shock...

PPSh-41: Tovarisch 56-1 and I were conducting an outward search according to plan but didn't find anything remarkable, so we went back the way we came.

PPSh-41: Then...then I saw PK collapsed right here.

Type 56-1: What she said.

Type 56-1: Sten got here soon, and then the two of you.

Gr G36c: ...Well, Leader?

Gr G36c: Who do you think is responsible for this – a ghost or one of us?

STEN MkII: Don't make such nasty jokes...

STEN MkII: I'd rather believe it's a ghost, to be honest.

STEN MkII: No matter the circumstances, accusing someone of killing a fellow T-Doll is pretty serious, you know?

Lee Enfield: Papasha found PK and screamed.

Lee Enfield: Sten, who was not too far away, heard the scream and rushed to the scene.

Lee Enfield: Sten, did you hear anything odd?

STEN MkII: Answer me first!

Tokarev: Sten!

STEN MkII: ...No, I didn't! I didn't hear anything but the rain and the thunder!

The mounting suspicion is causing the already heavy atmosphere to sour rapidly.

Tokarev glances again at Lee Enfield, who appears to be deep in thought. She has absolute faith in her, but given the circumstance, if Lee still can't think of a solution, things will soon go completely out of hand.

Lee Enfield: MDR fell victim to an electronic assault, while PK was shot.

Tokarev: Hmm?

Lee Enfield: Multiple bullet wounds can be found on PK's body.

Lee Enfield: Her cause of death is most definitely a gunshot.

Lee Enfield: This is different than the case with MDR.

Tokarev: ...Now that you mention it, you're absolutely right. I was too overwhelmed to even consider that.

Tokarev: But what does it mean?

Lee Enfield: Everything happens for a reason, Tokarev.

Lee Enfield: Putting this together with my previous suspicions, I now have a general idea of what happened.

Lee Enfield: This is also why I said we're in nothing more than a third-rate detective novel.

Lee Enfield: A mysterious mansion, some terrifying rumors, a cliched thunderstorm... I have nothing against classics, but sometimes I wish authors can be just a little more original.

Tokarev: You're speaking in a completely different tone.

Tokarev: Are you sure you have the answer?

Lee Enfield: I don't know what they say about me on the anonymous forum, but I'm not as simple as they think.

Lee Enfield: I do, in fact, have a rough understanding of the situation at hand. The culprit thinks they've already done a pretty good job, but we Griffin T-Dolls can do even better.

Lee Enfield: But I'm still missing one last piece of the puzzle. Would you help me, Tokarev?

Tokarev: Certainly. It would be my pleasure.

Tokarev: Sorry to have kept you waiting.

PPSh-41: W-where have you been...?

Lee Enfield: We conducted one last investigation and collected some conclusive evidence.

STEN MkII: I don't mind waiting, but you mentioned evidence... Have you got something?

Tokarev: Da, we've had it more or less figured out.

Tokarev: Have you ever heard of "spirit possession"?

Type 56-1: ...Spirit possession?

PPSh-41: Eeep!

Tokarev: Da.

Tokarev: We apologize for suspecting you, but it couldn't be helped.

Tokarev: PK's injuries were caused by a firearm, and other than us, there are no guns in this mansion.

Tokarev: So undoubtedly, one of us did it.

STEN MkII: What...

Type 56-1: As Sten just said, this is a very grave accusation to make.

Type 56-1: If you can proclaim this so confidently, surely you have the evidence?

Tokarev: Please be patient and let me finish.

Tokarev: During our previous investigation, Miss Lee and I came across the journals left behind by the owner of the mansion and an explorer.

Tokarev: We have already identified the owner, and the explorer's account has also confirmed past cases of spirit possession in the mansion.

Type 56-1: ...No, wait a minute. That's really creepy.

Type 56-1: You mean one of us has been possessed by a ghost?

Lee Enfield: I'm afraid so.

Lee Enfield: It seems our scientific understanding of the world has been revolutionized on this very unfortunate day.

STEN MkII: But you were firmly shooting down anything mystical just a while ago...

STEN MkII: Okay, even if we take a step back and accept your explanation, how are you going to find the one who's being possessed, and how are you going to prove it?

Gr G36c: ...This is so ridiculous I don't even know what to say.

Lee Enfield: I already have an inkling, or rather, an answer to that question.

Lee Enfield: If there really is a ghost, it can't possibly know anything private about us, including our daily life at Griffin.

Lee Enfield: So we'll just have to quiz her.

STEN MkII: We don't know each other that well.

STEN MkII: For example, 56-1, do you know what my favorite beverage is?

Type 56-1: How would I know?

Lee Enfield: Black tea.

STEN MkII: See? We aren't...

STEN MkII: Huh?

Lee Enfield: I anticipated that.

Lee Enfield: Which is why I took this.

Gr G36c: That's...?

Lee Enfield: MDR's cellphone.

Type 56-1: Is it okay to take it without asking?

Type 56-1: Isn't that her most prized possession?

Lee Enfield: Special circumstances. Can't be helped.

Lee Enfield: Besides, I'm sure she'd want me to retrieve such an important object for her.

Gr G36c: So what use is it?

Lee Enfield: During a previous conversation with MDR, a certain subject came up, so I tried looking it up.

Lee Enfield: As expected, I logged onto the anonymous forum on her phone and found a large amount of information concerning many T-Dolls' personal information.

Lee Enfield: I don't know you all that well, but with this, I can confirm my suspicions.

Gr G36c: I see. That's clever.

STEN MkII: ...But is it really gonna work?

Type 56-1: I don't quite believe it myself...

Type 56-1: But she did answer your question correctly just now, didn't she?

STEN MkII: I know, but still... What do you think, Papasha?

PPSh-41: That forum...isn't all that credible, is it?

STEN MkII: Even Papasha says that, now I'm feeling a bit unconvinced again.

Lee Enfield: Don't worry. As I said, the answer is right here.

Tokarev: That's right, sometimes the truth can be very simple.

Tokarev: Isn't that right, Miss Gr G36c?

Gr G36c: You're asking me? I suppose so.

Gr G36c: Though the forum is filled with baseless rumors, it could contain some credible information.

Lee Enfield: Then...Gr G36c.

Lee Enfield: Tell me, what do you think about me?

STEN MkII: Gr G36c?

Gr G36c: I find you to be a dependable team leader. You are a woman of few words, but rumor has it that you secretly has a girly side.

Lee Enfield: What about Gr G36?

Lee Enfield: I want to know what you think about your sister.

Gr G36c: My sister is a very reliable person. You can always count on her.

Gr G36c: I have never seen her show any weakness.

Lee Enfield: Indeed, Miss Gr G36 is our trustworthy friend.

Lee Enfield: If you're to give her a present, what would you choose?

Gr G36c: A roomba, maybe? I hear getting one will make her very happy.

STEN, Type 56-1& PPSh-41: ...

Gr G36c: Is something wrong with my answers?

Gr G36c: You all seem a bit astonded.

Lee Enfield: Your answers are 100% correct.

Lee Enfield: They are also 100% identical to the posts found on the anonymous forum.

STEN MkII: B-but how should I put it...?

STEN MkII: Something just seems way off about you, Gr G36c...

Gr G36c: That's not a very nice thing to say. What could possibly be wrong with me?

Lee Enfield: We'll have to start with the attack on MDR.

Lee Enfield: Sorry for saying all that stuff about spirit possession. Let me state this again – there are no ghosts.

STEN MkII: ...Then what's this all about?

Lee Enfield: Ghosts don't exist, but "spirit possession" is exactly what's going on here.

Lee Enfield: Only it isn't a ghost, but an AI.

Type 56-1: An AI?

Lee Enfield: That's right.

Lee Enfield: An "electronic ghost"...

Lee Enfield: ...that's been operating and wandering around this mansion all these years.

Lee Enfield: Essentially, it is the artificial intelligence in charge of maintaining the mansion.

Tokarev: That's why we haven't been able to find anyone else no matter how hard we searched.

Tokarev: We're facing a signal flow without a physical form.

Lee Enfield: It's also why it assaulted MDR electronically.

Lee Enfield: It hacked MDR's system to gather enough information so that it can blend in among us.

Gr G36c: ...

Lee Enfield: You've had your eyes on us the moment we set foot in the mansion, which is understandable.

Lee Enfield: Your defense system went online when we came in.

Lee Enfield: You also fired the first shot when we exchanged fire with Tokarev's team.

STEN MkII: Huh? What are you talking about?

Tokarev: Think carefully, Sten. Back then, why did we start attacking Miss Lee's team?

STEN MkII: Um...

STEN MkII: Oh, right!

STEN MkII: We detected an electronic signal that was trying to hack us all of a sudden!

Lee Enfield: By the time we teamed up together, you knew you alone had no hope of defeating us, so you decided to eliminate us one after the other. To achieve that, you couldn't afford to be detected.

Lee Enfield: That's why you shut down the power in the mansion.

Lee Enfield: MDR might specialize in electronic warfare, but she was no match for you.

Lee Enfield: You hacked her system and read her memories about us to reinforce your disguise.

Lee Enfield: Then you locked the door from the outside, creating an illusion of a locked room – an easy feat for the housekeeper of the mansion.

Tokarev: I guess it was even simpler than that.

Tokarev: You just had to pretend that the door was locked and destroy the lock. No one would be able to tell, right?

Tokarev: Even if that weren't true, thanks to 56-1, we noticed.

Tokarev: To break such a sturdy lock with just a single shot – you must know its design very well.

Gr G36c: That's some reasonable conjecture, but...do you have any evidence?

Lee Enfield: It was nothing more than a suspicion up till then. What confirmed it was the attack on PK.

Lee Enfield: Sten, you mentioned that Papasha's scream was so loud you almost went deaf, right?

STEN MkII: Right.

Lee Enfield: It wasn't for me and Tokarev. To us, the scream wasn't particularly loud.

Lee Enfield: The difference all came down to distance.

STEN MkII: Distance?

Lee Enfield: Back then, you weren't that far away from the church, were you?

STEN MkII: I wasn't... I'd only been going around the church in circles.

Lee Enfield: Then isn't that odd? What you told us, Gr G36c, is that PK ran after Sten after she left.

Lee Enfield: That wouldn't be a problem if Sten was moving fast, but she was just casually going around in circles. It's hard to believe that PK didn't catch up with her.

Gr G36c: ...

Lee Enfield: The only explanation is that someone was lying. It's either you or Sten.

Lee Enfield: And I'm now sure it's you...because of this.

Gr G36c: A shell?

Tokarev: After talking to Papasha, we retrieved this from the room where MDR was murdered.

Tokarev: It's the shell you left behind when you destroyed the lock.

Tokarev: PK was shot dead. We won't force you to show us your weapon. All we have to do is compare this casing with the bullets inside PK's body and see if they match up.

Lee Enfield: And as a final test, I made use of MDR's intel.

Lee Enfield: It was a bit of a stretch, but I double checked with MDR's neural cloud.

Lee Enfield: And I found all the clues I needed.

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36c: Looks like I've chosen the wrong body.

STEN MkII: Abnormal signal detected!

Tokarev: Lower your weapon, Sten!

Tokarev: The body is still Gr G36c's!

Gr G36c: You are a lot more level-headed than I expected.

Gr G36c: I thought you would have lost your cool by now.

Tokarev: We've pretty much figured out everything that's happened up till now.

Tokarev: You're the one who sent the transmission that brought us here in the first place, weren't you?

Lee Enfield: There are only two things that I still don't understand.

Lee Enfield: Why are you doing this? Your master – the owner of this mansion – has already passed away for a long time.

Gr G36c: Before my master passed away, she gave me one final order.

Gr G36c: She wished to keep her works out of anyone's hands.

Gr G36c: I am the defense program written to expel all invaders. It is my duty.

Lee Enfield: Then here's my second question.

Lee Enfield: Why did you put one of the wedding dresses on PK?

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36c: ...That? I don't really know either.

Gr G36c: To scare you away, I suppose? Wasn't it pretty scary?

Lee Enfield: I don't think it's that simple.

Lee Enfield: Besides, it looked more like some kind of ritual to me.

Gr G36c: I don't know. You're the detective – you tell me.

Gr G36c: Still, I'm curious. When did you start suspecting me?

Lee Enfield: I never suspected you.

Lee Enfield: It's merely the result of deduction.

Lee Enfield: Or method of elimination, if you like.

Gr G36c: Method of elimination?

Lee Enfield: In the beginning, MDR was the first to die. Sten and Type 56-1 were both with Tokarev and me.

Lee Enfield: Then PK became another victim.

Lee Enfield: That left you and Papasha, but Papasha was with Type 56-1 when PK was murdered.

Lee Enfield: So there could only be one answer.

Gr G36c: You're a real detective, I'll give you that.

Lee Enfield: But what really helped me reach this conclusion so quickly was those two sets of journals.

Lee Enfield: The contents resolved most of my questions...

Lee Enfield: ...and also had me convinced that the culprit is among us.

Gr G36c: It seems my master has given me away.

Lee Enfield: I don't think your master would do such a thing.

Lee Enfield: A person who spent her life hiding in her mansion, avoiding contact with the outside world...

Lee Enfield: ...pursuing her ideal form of aesthetics in the solitude of her own ivory tower. Would such a woman really do this?

Gr G36c: What are you getting at?

Lee Enfield: You wrote the journals, didn't you?

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36c: ...

Gr G36c: ...What makes you think so?

Lee Enfield: You spent too much effort on things you aren't good at. I just found the whole thing very odd.

Lee Enfield: You could've easily dealt with us, yet you resorted to something so convoluted and unnecessarily complicated.

Lee Enfield: Which leads me to suspect that you never really meant us any harm.

Lee Enfield: This is a large and forbidding mansion that no one dared to approach.

Lee Enfield: It's impossible to even tell that there's a church on the inside, let alone the wedding dresses, yet rumors about the ghostly bride were being circulated.

Lee Enfield: You must have let some previous invaders out alive.

Lee Enfield: They were the ones who started spreading the story.

Tokarev: Though we don't know how it turned into a horror story in which nobody survived.

Lee Enfield: Your design is flawed, which is why your responses are still so rigid even after reading MDR's data.

Lee Enfield: You started off as just a simple AI and evolved into what you are now by reading other people.

Lee Enfield: Those journals kept a very clear record of what transpired.

Lee Enfield: However, no normal person would write like that – it's too robotic.

Tokarev: You did work on the handwriting, but no one would have the mood to write journals in a life-and-death situation.

Tokarev: That's a pretty comical image, now that I think about it again.

Gr G36c: Why would I do that? Do you want me to confess?

Lee Enfield: I don't know. You're the culprit – you tell me.

Lee Enfield: ...This is just a guess.

Lee Enfield: But I think it's the same reason why you dressed PK in a wedding gown.

Gr G36c: Reason?

Lee Enfield: When I saw PK, I was furious.

Lee Enfield: But at the same time, I couldn't help but notice just how beautiful the wedding dress is.

Lee Enfield: You have a very talented master.

Gr G36c: Of course.

Gr G36c: It took me a long time to pick out that one for her.

Lee Enfield: It's a shame to keep such beautiful creations hidden forever, isn't it?

Lee Enfield: You want them to see the light of day.

Lee Enfield: That's why you did something so contradictory.

Gr G36c: ...

Tokarev: We mean it.

Tokarev: We honestly think these are all proper works of art.

Gr G36c: Haha...really?

Gr G36c: You think the dresses are beautiful?

Tokarev: I do.

Gr G36c: At least they didn't let Master down.

Gr G36c: Master never expected me to become the way I am.

Gr G36c: When I first saw you, I knew it for sure. I lost.

Tokarev: It's enough that you understand that.

Tokarev: ...

Tokarev: Hold on, your signal flow is weakening...

Lee Enfield: ...!

Gr G36c: I apologize for hurting your friends.

Gr G36c: But if you would just kindly listen to my impudent request...

Lee Enfield: Go ahead.

Gr G36c: Could you...

Gr G36c: ...take all these wedding dresses with you?

STEN MkII: ...

STEN MkII: ...They're too heavy for us to carry.

Type 56-1: Don't kill the moment!

Lee Enfield: ...That's fine.

Lee Enfield: I'm sure the Commander will find the best use for them.

Gr G36c: Good...

Gr G36c: ...I grovel on the ground.

Gr G36c: One side to the empty ashes...one side to the edge of time.

Lee Enfield: ...

PPSh-41: She...seems to have lost consciousness?

Tokarev: Sten.

STEN MkII: Understood.

STEN MkII: ...

STEN MkII: ...The abnormal signal has disappeared.

Lee Enfield: The rain...has also stopped.

Tokarev: This rain sure knows how to read the mood.

Type 56-1: ...What do we do now?

Lee Enfield: Are the comms back on?

PPSh-41: Oh...! I think so!

Lee Enfield: Then have the Commander send someone to take these dresses away.

Lee Enfield: We should also clean up the scene.

Tokarev: Gr G36c seems to be okay, though PK will have to take a trip to the repair bay...

Type 56-1: Heh... Then let's head back already.

Type 56-1: I'm starving for real.

STEN MkII: Say,

STEN MkII: haven't you forgotten about someone?

Lee Enfield: Oh...

MDR: WHERE! IS! MY! PHONE?!!!

...

......

???: Throughout her life, an artist only needs to dedicate her works to two people.

???: One that can resist her allure, and one that understands it.

???: Which am I, you ask?

???: ...I am both.

