...Late at night in the Griffin base.

Inside the T-Doll dorms.

AA-12 is sprawled on her desk, staring at the radio as she mutters to herself.

AA-12: I should probably ask... While I don't really want to go, I can't say I don't want to go either.

AA-12: Still, it'll probably be past bedtime by the time I give my reply.

...Three hours ago.

Knock knock.

After a couple of knocks, AA-12 opens the door and pokes her head out.

AA-12 seems up freeze up for several seconds every time we make eye contact.

Commander: Sorry for disturbing you at this hour.

Commander: AA-12, your name is on the list for the upcoming group vacation.

AA-12: ...Oh.

Commander: That's the one. I wanted to ask if you were willing to go...?

AA-12: ...A beach vacation, huh?

Commander: Yes.

Commander: You haven't been in Griffin long, so I was thinking, wouldn't this be a good chance for you to make some friends?

Commander: It would also make it easier to coordinate with each other when you go out on missions in future...right?

AA-12: (Silent) ...

AA-12: Um, I'll give you answer in a bit.

Commander: In a bit? Alright.

Commander: I look forward to hearing from you.

The door quietly closes the moment I finish speaking.

She didn't exactly slam it in my face, but...this new colleague probably doesn't like talking to me much.

I wonder if she'll agree to go have fun at the beach with everyone.

...Back to the present.

AA-12 is still sprawled on her desk and staring at the radio.

AA-12: Hmm, it's about to start.

Time in the dorm seems to freeze.

AA-12 stays in this position until several minutes later—

A burst of music plays.

Radio Kalin: Put your feelings into words, and let the airwaves draw you closer. ☆

Radio Kalin: Thank you for waiting, everyone! Good evening and welcome to the nightly one o'clock Confession Office Time!

Radio Kalin: This is your lovely Kalin, here to help you solve the problems in life as always. ♪

AA-12: Ah yes, I need to write up my text...

AA-12: Like this, hmm, should I go with this for now?

AA-12: Alright! Sent!

Radio Kalin: Now, I'm going to read out a letter that one of our friends sent in. Who's going to be the lucky girl?

Radio Kalin: Alright, here it is, tonight's first letter: "I don't think I'm the number one T-Doll in my Caretaker's heart anymore. What should I do?" ...

Radio Kalin: Hmm, well, about this problem...

AA-12: Dammit, why wasn't I the first?

AA-12: I'm getting sleepy, come onnnn read mine out read mine out read mine out ...

Radio Kalin: ...And that's why you need to be careful and resolve this sort of thing by yourself.

Radio Kalin: Look at poor Kalin, writing reports and doing data analysis all day, Heaven knows how much data she's analyzed and how many reports she's written, yet she's still not the first in the Commander's heart.

Radio Kalin: Alright, let's see what problems we have next... "I haven't been at my job for long, but my boss invited me and some other colleagues to go on a beach holiday. While I know it's a gesture of goodwill, should I accept?"

AA-12: Please help me, Radio Kalin!

Radio Kalin: Dear listener, I don't know if you're in front of the radio, but I have to say—

Radio Kalin: Of COURSE you should say yes!

Radio Kalin: It's a beach vacation! The fact that your boss invited a new hire like you to come along means you've got a pretty nice boss! At the very least, this is the kind of boss who treats the staff with respect and wants the new hires to build up good rapport with others.

Radio Kalin: Dear listener, Kalin really envies you! Kalin wants to go on a beach holiday too!

AA-12: Ah, Radio Kalin was all in favor of it...

AA-12: Then I should go tell the Commander now—

Just as AA-12 is about to head out the door, she halts mid-step, a somewhat conflicted look on her face.

AA-12: It's so late, the Commander must be asleep by now.

AA-12: And why am I acting like I care so much about this...

Radio Kalin: ...Now let's see what questions this listener has.

Radio Kalin: "One of my new hires doesn't seem to like me, what should I do? I wanted to invite her to go have fun on the beach with the other employees, but she doesn't seem too interested..."

Radio Kalin: As I thought, everyone's talking about going to the beach because it's summer.

AA-12 suddenly turns to the radio.

AA-12: Huh, why does that letter sound like...

Radio Kalin: ...It's better to not make any assumptions about such things, don't you think?

Radio Kalin: Since she's a new hire, maybe she's just shy or nervous about meeting new people.

...

The radio host continues reading out several more audience letters. AA-12 hurriedly sits down and begins writing up another text message. After hitting "send", she stares at the radio with a conflicted but expectant look on her face.

Radio Kalin: ...Alright, let's see what the next letter has to tell us.

Radio Kalin: Ohoho... "My boss seems to have mistaken my cautiousness for animosity, but I'm just not used to interacting with other people. I hope I can sort out this misunderstanding and I've decided to go to the beach with my boss and the others."...

Radio Kalin: This listener's problem seems to be linked to a previous letter. I didn't know there had been so many workplace-related misunderstandings recently...

Radio Kalin: ...Now, this next letter is quite interesting.

Radio Kalin: "My new hire agreed to go on the beach holiday with me! I hope she'll be able to make new friends during this vacation, and I just heard that she didn't actually dislike me after all. What a relief."...

Radio Kalin: Ohohoho, it really does warm the heart to see a misunderstanding sorted out. I want to go on a beach vacation too...

...30 minutes later.

Radio Kalin: And that's all the letters for tonight.

Radio Kalin: While I. Have. No. Idea. who the two listeners talking about the beach holiday were, Kalin would much prefer them to communicate face to face rather than going, "Please do" and "After you" through text messages on a late night radio show ♪...

...

The next morning.

By the time AA-12 comes to, she is already in a swimsuit on a sunny beach, with a gang of noisy T-Dolls.

AA-12: How...did it suddenly come to this...?

AA-12: Crap, it's hot out here, and pretending to be normal for so long feels a little gross...

AA-12: Ugh, and l'm in a swimsuit like this...

AA-12 looks at her noisy, scattered colleagues and sighs.

After that, she walks the other way from the beach and prepares to seek refuge from the sun and public attention under a bunch of parasols.

AA-12: Good thing I got these parasols ready beforehand... I'll just add these and make do.

AA-12: ...Hmm?

AA-12 suddenly senses that someone's eyes on her.

She tightens one hand around the parasol handle and presses the other to her gun's barrel, then turns around abruptly—

And discovers a short T-Doll poking her head out from behind a coconut tree not far away.

AA-12: ...

Ameli: (Shocked) ...!

The staring contest lasts for a moment, and AA-12 sighs in resignation. She takes her hand off her gun before continuing to set up her parasols.

AA-12: (Crap, should I be greeting her or something...?)

Ameli sees that AA-12 doesn't seem to have any intention of chasing her away and runs over to AA-12's side.

Ameli: U-um, hola!

AA-12 jolts, then turns stiffly to look at Ameli.

Ameli: Ah, my name's Ameli...

Ameli: You must be our new colleague! I didn't get the chance to speak to you while we were in the base...

AA-12: ...Hello, I'm AA-12.

Ameli: So you're all by yourself over here, Señorita AA-12.

Ameli: Everyone else is going to play beach volleyball over there. Would you like to join us?

Ameli's big eyes seem to sparkle as she speaks to AA-12.

AA-12's body stiffens again.

AA-12: (Come on, what was all that social etiquette I learned from late night radio? Think, think, I need to remember!)

AA-12: Ah, thanks, but no thanks...

AA-12: I'm not really fond of activities involving a lot of people.

Ameli: (Quietly) I see...

AA-12: (Crap, did I say something wrong?! Why is she staring at her feet?!)

Ameli: I get it! You must be trying to avoid the sun, right?

Ameli: Come to think of it, the beach really is hot and sunny like our data said. It's my first time to the beach too, and honestly speaking, it really startled me...

AA-12: A-ah, yes.

Ameli: Um, then may I ask if...I could help you set up the parasols?

Ameli: It seems you've brought a lot of them along, Señorita AA-12...

AA-12: O-of course you can.

Ameli: Really? That's great!

Ameli seems overjoyed all of a sudden. While AA-12 is somewhat at a loss, she has no choice but to go along with Ameli.

Though it has to be said that the work of setting up the parasols has been going surprisingly well since Ameli joined in.

Before long, AA-12 has a beach chair shaded by three huge parasols blocking the sun from all angles.

AA-12 realizes that this is another point that demands the use of social etiquette.

AA-12: ...Um, thank you very much.

Ameli: (Flustered) You're too kind, Señorita AA-12! We're both from the same base, so don't mention it!

AA-12: (Searching for an answer template frantically in her head...)

AA-12: The same base... Oh, yes, that's right,  we're colleagues.

AA-12: Ameli, my friend, please accept my gratitude.

Ameli: (Mutters) Colleagues... Friends...

Just as AA-12 wonders what else she ought to say to politely end the conversation, Ameli suddenly reaches into her little pouch and pulls out something, offering it to AA-12 expectantly.

AA-12: ...Eh? What's this?

Ameli: It's a button! Please take it!

AA-12: ...Hah? Oh, alright...

Ameli: Then, I'll be heading over to join the Commander and the others, Señorita AA-12!

Ameli: Adiós!

AA-12: ...See you.

AA-12 watches Ameli run off happily, witnesses how she manages to trip and fall while running on flat ground, and looks down at the button in her hand.

AA-12: What's that all about? And what's with this button? Did I successfully complete an entire social interaction...?

AA-12: Ahhhh, what a drag. I should just sit here until nighttime. It's so hot and bright and talking to people is a pain.

AA-12: Crap, I was being all normal just now and it was super gross...

With her head full of doubts, AA-12 resolves not to think about these insoluble problems and flops down on the beach chair.

Just as she thinks she's about to enjoy some quiet time without the sun shining directly on her, AA-12 sees an orange-red figure in the distance, carrying a swim ring and heading straight for her...

...

That night.

By the time AA-12 comes to her senses, she has finished arguing with that orange-red T-Doll, and finds herself at the bonfire party after replenishing her sugar levels.

AA-12: How...did it come to this...?

AA-12: Where is this place, who am I, what am I doing...

As AA-12 starts spacing out, the Commander walks over.

Commander: Hey, AA-12.

AA-12: ...It's you.

Commander: Well, how was it? Did you like looking at the sea?

AA-12: ...The way you ask questions is getting cheesier and cheesier, Commander.

AA-12: Also, sitting on the beach and looking out at the sea feels no different than looking at the ruins from a high vantage point at the Griffin base.

Commander: That's a pretty bleak impression of things.

AA-12: ...Yeah.

Commander: I had hoped that our presence would help keep this stretch of sea or the Griffin base from feeling too desolate.

AA-12: (Silence) ...

Commander: I find every day happy and fulfilling because you're all around!

AA-12: ...I didn't ask for your opinion, Commander.

Commander: And I don't particularly mind you overhearing what I say to myself.

Commander: While we're all just lonely individuals, surely there's a big difference between a place with and without everyone around, right?

Commander: In any case, welcome to Griffin, and I hope you'll find happiness while you're here.

AA-12: Happiness...even in a place or ruin and destruction?

Commander: Happiness doesn't necessarily take physical form. It might be a man-made concept, but it transcends this desolate world.

AA-12 stiffens. She thinks about the button in her palm, and the faint sourness of the lollipop in her mouth.

Commander: Would you like to come to the beach again in future if you have the chance?

AA-12: (Silence) ...

AA-12: I think I'll only be able to answer you after we get back to the base.

AA-12: (Buttons and friends and happiness... What a drag, but they're also...)

AA-12: (I need to ask Radio Kalin about this when I get back!)

AA-12: (Yeah, this time I'll draft up a text ahead of time so I can be the first to send it into the station!)