I see someone pushing a stylish-looking bike in my direction as I'm waiting in front of the base for the car to the theater.

???: Good morning, Commander.

The person in front of me is wearing a loose coat with a hood that covers most of their face.

I give the other party a once-over and manage to deduce their identity from the style and design of their clothing.

Commander: Is that...AEK?

AEK-999: Haven't you gotten my name down yet, Commander!?

This girl...she's really loud.

Commander: It's not like that! It's just that you're quite dressed up today, so I didn't know how to react for a moment.

AEK-999: I see... My usual clothes aren't too convenient for bike riding, so I changed into something looser for today.

Commander: It certainly has a lot of character, AEK.

AEK-999: I've got a rich and varied melody to my style, Commander. Looks like I'll have to get you acquainted with it.

Commander: I certainly look forward to that...

Commander: Oh yes, so you're going out for a ride right now?

AEK-999: Yes, Commander. It's not often that we get time off, so I wanted to head out for a spin.

Commander: That bike of yours sure looks cool...

AEK-999: Hehe, you've got good taste, Commander.

AEK-999: It took me a lot of effort to give her the most perfect rhythm possible.

AEK-999: So I heard you're heading out to watch Contender's performance today. Want this baby to give you a lift?

Commander: Thanks, AEK, but Griffin has already arranged a car for me.

AEK-999: I see... Guess that's too bad then.

AEK-999: There's a lovely rhythm to the roar of this girl's engine, you know.

AEK-999 pats the seat of her bike with a hint of regret on her face.

Commander: Although I can't today, maybe you can let me experience it the next time I'm free.

AEK-999: Hehe, it's a deal then, Commander.

AEK-999: Both of us are looking forward to a ride with you.

An hour later.

Commander: I didn't think there'd be a jam at a time like this... What should I do now...

Commander: I'll be late if the traffic doesn't let up...

I become more and more anxious by the minute, but the traffic refuses to move.

I open the car window to calm myself down, and I notice a familiar black motorcycle weaving through the stagnant mass of vehicles as it heads toward me.

AEK-999: It seems fate sees fit to bring us together again in short order, don't you think, Commander?

Commander: AEK?!

Commander: What are you doing here?

AEK-999: I saw your car as I was passing by.

AEK-999: I figured you might need help, so I came over.

Commander: Yes...you came at the perfect time! Can you take me to the theater?

AEK-999: No problem. Hop on, Commander.

I mount up on AEK-999's bike. She nimbly darts through the stalled traffic and we soon leave that stretch of the road behind us.

Commander: Whew... What a relief.

Commander: It should only take about half an hour to the theater... There's still 40 minutes until the performance starts, so we should be able to make it.

AEK-999: Commander, although the tune you're going to listen to at the theater doesn't quite suit me...

AEK-999: I know that before you enjoy it, you'll need ample time to sort yourself out...so that you can fully immerse yourself in it.

Commander: ...What?

AEK-999: The real performance is about to begin.

AEK-999: Hold on tight, Commander!

Ear-splitting rock and roll music pours out of the speakers mounted in the back.

Commander: What? ...AEK! I didn't catch that! What did you say?

AEK-999: Let's ROCK!!!

AEK-999 floors the gas and the motorcycle's engine responds with a thunderous roar.

As we accelerate, I feel like I'm riding on a rocket, and in my panic, all I could do is to cling onto AEK so that I don't get flung off.

Ten-odd minutes later.

AEK-999: We're here, Commander.

Commander: ...A-At last.

AEK-999: Commander, did you like my music?

AEK-999: What's the matter? You look kind of pale.

Commander: I'm alright...it was...too...too intense for me...

Commander: Let me...catch my breath...

AEK-999: Haha, a tune's perfect when it leaves a deep impression on the people who hear it.

AEK-999: Well, I've got an appointment to keep, so I'll be leaving now.

AEK-999: Commander, you said you'd go for a ride with me next time, so I'll be sure to prepare some trendier and more striking music for us to enjoy.

Commander: Alright...

Commander: ...No, that's not right! Wait!

AEK-999 had already mounted up on her bike and was long gone before I could finish my sentence.

Commander: ...

Commander: I feel like I'll regret making that promise...