...

...While it's not like I don't understand everyone's excitement at seeing the ocean and the beach for the first time...

The girls' response is more enthusiastic I had expected, and the way they keep dashing about leaves me feeling exhausted.

Commander: I'm so tired...

Commander: This is supposed to be a beach vacation, so why are there so many things to worry about...

Commander: Let me just find a quiet corner first... I doubt they're capable of blowing up the entire beach anyway...

...I walk for a while into the distance by myself, in order to get some peace and quiet.

Just as I'm about to turn back, I see someone standing on a lookout point in the distance, gazing at the ocean.

I blink, just to be sure I've got the right person.

AK-12: ...

Commander: (AK-12?)

Commander: (What's a T-Doll from Task Force DEFY doing here? Could there be some threat nearby that needs a member of DEFY to handle?)

Commander: (Hmm... But she doesn't seem to be dressed for a combat mission...?)

Commander: ...

Commander: I've been hearing about this stretch of beach since I was a kid. It's always been a vacation hotspot. I just didn't expect to visit it like this.

Commander: Is this your first time seeing the ocean, 12?

AK-12: It is, but it also isn't.

AK-12: The holodeck I use for combat simulations left out a lot of details, so it's something of a surprise to me..

Commander: ...

Commander: I didn't expect to see you here. I mean...

AK-12: Why don't we talk about something more fitting to the locale?

AK-12: You can see the Griffin T-Dolls on the beach from here. They are all such dorks, but that's not bad either, is it?

Commander: I don't care about anything else. Just, please don't tell me DEFY came to the seaside just to watch Griffin's T-Dolls play around.

AK-12: If that's what you think, suit yourself.

Commander: (Mutter) I don't that's the case, and that's what worries me.

Commander: I don't see AN-94 around either, and I have no idea what she's doing away from you.

AK-12: Well, think of it as her learning how to be independent.

AK-12: If 94 remains by my side, there are some difficulties that she will never learn how to overcome.

Commander: So you can't reveal the reason why DEFY is here?

AK-12: It. Doesn't. Concern. You.

Commander: ...

AK-12: So you can make such a face too? How interesting.

Commander: I'm being very serious, AK-12.

Commander: I can let some things slide, but there are also things that I can't permit no matter what, especially things which could endanger the other beachgoers—

AK-12: While I'm very curious about what's worrying you...

AK-12: I can assure you that your safety and that of all the Griffin Dolls present is guaranteed precisely because our presence.

Commander: Right now, I just feel uneasy.

AK-12: That's because your mind is wandering on account of being bored.

AK-12: I'm also tired of sitting here and watching the Griffin T-Dolls play.

AK-12: How about we play together then? Doesn't the Griffin Doll over there have a beach volleyball?

Commander: I'm not in the mood for that...

AK-12: Alright, then how about having the losers do whatever the winners demand? If you win, I'll tell you what we're doing here.

AK-12: You can send as many players as you like. If 94 or I lose even a single set, victory is yours.

Commander: ...Looks like you don't think you can possibly lose.

Commander: It's not like I don't understand how that could be. After all, you and 94 could handily thrash us all.

AK-12: That's true. It's a bit unfair playing against such outdated models.

AK-12: Tell you what, I promise I won't "open my eyes". How about it?

Commander: Also, you're not allowed to hurt them with the volleyball. You mustn't damage their internal or external components.

AK-12: My, you're strict...

AK-12: All right, I accept. Let's have some fun.

AK-12: What about you?

...The match whistle blows over the volleyball court drawn on the beach.

AK-12: I'll handle the first match. I'll be enough by myself.

AN-94: Commander, who will Griffin be sending?

Commander: (That IS a very important question...)

Commander: (In any case, I need to find people who know how formidable DEFY are as well as the rules of volleyball...)

Commander: I've decided. We'll have...

Gr G41: Obviously Master's going to fight the first battle with you!

Commander: Huh? Gr G41?

AK-12: The Commander?

AK-12: Understood. I didn't expect my opponent to be you, Commander. Do show me a good time.

Commander: Hold on please, AK-12. Don't take a joke about an ordinary human going toe-to-toe with an elite T-Doll seriously.

Commander: Also, beach volleyball is played with a partner... Didn't Ameli tell you that earlier?

Gr G41: Go, Master! Show this weirdo who's looking down on Griffin just how powerful you are!

Gr G41: Everyone's going to cheer you on!

Commander: D-d-d-d-don't push me, Gr G41! I'm begging you, just let me go and let me off!

AK-12: You're in position, Commander? Then I'll serve.

AK-12: Let the game begin. Preparing to attack.

Commander: Huh?

Commander: Hang on?

Gr G41: Go, Master! You've got to win!

...With a resounding smack, AK-12's serve sends the volleyball soaring over in a carefully calculated and beautiful curve.

It strikes me square in the face and sends my entire body flying back.

...I'd be happy to keep the bridge of my nose intact, to say nothing of actually winning.

...

Gr G41: (Sobs)

Gr G41: Master... I'm sorry...

Commander: I'm okay, don't worry... Please don't squash me like that.

Commander: ...

Commander: While it's not too likely, I'd like to ask anyway...

Commander: Were you trying to kill me with that serve?

AK-12: Now, why would you think I would be possessed of such a base emotion as a personal grudge?

Commander: I guess so too...

AK-12: Still, I didn't expect you to be out for only 20 minutes. Your body's surprisingly tough, Commander. Very interesting indeed.

AK-12: Shall we continue, Commander? I'd like to correct my databases.

Commander: I'd like to end this summer vacation on my feet, so please give me a break.

...The whistle signalling the end of all matches blows just before sunset.

...AK-12 returns to the lookout point after the matches are over.

AK-12: So this is a human sport...

AK-12: It was a little fun at first, but once you get the hang of it, it becomes boring right away.

Commander: Looks like I'll never know why DEFY came to the beach now.

Commander: Still, since you had the time to play a ball game, I'm sure that you aren't here to take care of some urgent threat.

AK-12: You can be sure that we only came here to watch the Griffin T-Dolls play.

Commander: It looks like I have no choice, so let's go with that.

Commander: Take this. There's enough for you and 94.

AK-12: A slushie?

AK-12: We don't need consolation prizes from Griffin...

Commander: What do you mean by a consolation prize? Gr G36 made these specially for you after she saw the two of you arrive.

Commander: She even custom-blended the flavor, so hurry up and eat it before it melts.

...AK-12 stares at the slushie and gingerly takes a mouthful.

AK-12: Ugh... Hnng...

Commander: You don't like the taste?

AK-12: It's not a matter of the taste.

AK-12: I'm not used to eating iced snacks and my head hurts a little.

Commander: So Dolls can get brain freeze too?

Commander: Well, I didn't expect the elite T-Doll AK-12 to have such a weakness. I need to make good use of this.

Commander: Soon, AK-12 recovers from the sensation and starts rambling on.

AK-12: An iced treat has to taste at least this good before I'd consider putting it in my mouth.

AK-12: Now then, let me think about what I'll have the Griffin Commander do as I nurse this headache of mine.

Commander: Don't ask me to leave Griffin! And don't use this to make me harass other Dolls!

AK-12: I once heard there was a beautiful, high-ranking female in Griffin who had a hard time finding a partner...

AK-12: Why don't you dress up a little and be her prince?

Commander: No harassing non-Dolls either!

AK-12: I was just kidding.

AK-12: Commander, very few humans are this fun to observe, you know.

Commander: The human soul isn't designed the same way as a neural cloud. Interesting souls don't pop out of thin air. You could even say they're nothing more than byproducts of other things.

Commander: So when you meet such souls, do be kind to them.

AK-12: I will.

AK-12: In that case, I'll hang on to the prize for winning the match for now. I'll let you know what I want once I think of something good.

AK-12: I look forward to meeting you again, Commander.

After that, every time I recalled that summer day on the beach, the memory was accompanied by the pain of being smacked in the head by a ball.

That was how our world crossed paths with DEFY on the beach, and then we each resumed our respective courses.

At that time, not all the Dolls realized the true nature of the Doll with the closed eyes. Knowing is a good thing, but perhaps not knowing is also a good thing.

After all...both AK-12 and I knew that there's no telling where we'd stand or where things would take us the next time we meet.