...Click.

AK-12: ...Oh, it's you. Well? Do you have it? Is the source credible? Good.

AK-12: Then as we previously agreed...you have a deal.

...Transmission terminated.

AK-12: ...Now I just need to let Ange know about this. The rest will be a piece of cake after that.

AN-94: AK-12?

AK-12: You're right on time, not even a second late.

AN-94: I did not want to make you wait.

AN-94: Who were you talking to just now? I've been corresponding with Ange on my way here so I wasn't listening.

AK-12: It wasn't important.

AK-12: I was just preparing a small surprise.

AN-94: Surprise...for whom?

AK-12: For you, for me, and possibly for more people.

AN-94: What do you mean...?

AK-12: You'll find out soon enough.

AK-12: But now isn't the time to worry about that. Weather conditions are deteriorating and the Collapse Fluid radiation concentration has started climbing again in the last two hours.

AK-12: Until the sun comes up, you'll need to keep an eye on the direction of...

Once AK-12 starts the briefing, AN-94 immediately straightens her posture and snaps into focus. As she listens, she syncs her tactical maps with AK-12's neural cloud and updates her data.

AN-94: ...Roger that.

AN-94: Then as per the original plan, I will be in charge of gathering data and guarding the outpost from 0200 to 0600.

AK-12: Bear in mind that we're retreating from this area with Ange at 0615 sharp. Pack everything beforehand so we can move without delay.

AN-94: I will do my best to carry out my mission.

After taking over from AK-12, AN-94 directs her focus on the measuring device.

Meanwhile, AK-12 makes for the underground bunker.

Before she goes, she turns back and watches as AN-94 somberly goes about her work.

AK-12: Apart from the surprise, perhaps I should also make her more...flexible.

Night has fallen for a while and the stars are embroidered into the tapestry of the inky sky. Usually, the party would have come to and end by now.

However, the celebration is still in full swing and the guests are all chattering about the latest source of entertainment.

To find a moment of respite from the hubbub, I head over to the wall and open the windows, then walk out onto the balcony to enjoy the night breeze.

Commander: Phew... She actually prepared such an event without permission. Really didn't see that coming even though I was watching out for her stunts.

The poker game against Griffin that AK-12 planned for the night has become the talk of the town.

It's now the intermission, but everyone is still heatedly discussing the highlights of the game.

AK-12: There you are, Commander.

I look back at the Doll walking up to me.

The silvery moonlight shines on her shoulders, as if draping her in a shimmering shawl.

She's radiating a different aura than what I remember – it makes her both mesmerizing and mysterious.

Commander: ...Are you going to say this is another fateful encounter?

AK-12: I'm too original to use the same shtick twice.

AK-12: If I HAVE to do that, then this person must be important enough for me to violate my own principle...

AK-12: "Oh my, fancy running into you here, Commander. Fate has brought us back together again!"

Commander: Pfft... Hats off to you for giving your old shtick a new spin. So, what can I do for you?

AK-12: If I were to plan a surprise for you, what kind of surprise would you prefer?

Commander: We've been through so much in the last few years.

Commander: To be honest, I don't really want any more surprises... I'd appreciate it if I don't get startled too much.

AK-12: That sounds very reasonable from someone who's been in mortal danger so many times.

Commander: Those unpleasant memories aside, I'm probably a lot more boring than you'd imagine.

Commander: I have the same breakfast every day, I go to bed at the same time every night, and I see the same thing every morning when I open my eyes.

AK-12: I think you have a very wrong idea about the kind of person I am, at least for tonight.

AK-12: I have merely organized a performance to mark the closing of this party – just for the sake of making people smile.

Commander: Is that really all there is to it?

AK-12: Cross my heart and hope to die.

AK-12: This IS what a surprise is supposed to be.

Commander: If you really mean that and aren't planning to prank us, then that in itself will be a massive surprise.

Commander: I simply don't get it... How do you always find the time to come and "visit" us?

Commander: I thought your schedule would be pretty full as a state-of-the-art elite T-Doll.

AK-12: A state-of-the-art elite T-Doll would also have her own way of managing time effectively.

AK-12: Besides...I did tell you that I enjoy observing weaklings, didn't I?

AK-12: Especially those who survive mortal perils again and again.

Commander: That sounds almost accusatory, but I know that's just an excuse...

Commander: From what I heard, nothing holds your interest for long, so I don't believe my little escapades would garner such attention from you.

AK-12: You seem to have done some research on me.

AK-12: Let me guess... Ange had a few too many drinks on a call and started rambling?

Commander: ...Something like that.

Commander: Look, you have us all figured out, it's only fair that I at least know something about you.

Commander: I just can't help but wonder – since you can pretty much anticipate every move I make, what's the point in keeping such a close eye on me?

AK-12: So you really have no clue.

AK-12: I suppose that's only natural. After all, from your own perspective, everything you do makes perfect sense...

AK-12: But to the casual observer, your existence is quite incredible.

Commander: You misunderstand. It mainly comes down to luck that I managed to survive for so long.

AK-12: Explorers who discovered new lands often ascribed their success to the contributions made by their predecessors, the support of their sponsors, or good fortune granted by deities...though none of these mattered.

AK-12: The point is they took a step forward. That's it.

Commander: Columbus would probably take great pleasure in your compliments, but I hardly deserve them.

AK-12: Is that so?

AK-12: I've always held you in high regard, Commander. I find your hunger for success positively enthralling.

Commander: Hunger, you say...?

Commander: I simply try my best to grab hold of whatever I can. Surely that isn't too greedy of me?

AK-12: When I first met AR-15 and M4A1, I thought their actions were both amateurish and stupid. They never take their own safety into consideration and are extremely reckless.

AK-12: But as time passed, I began to realize that the way they fight is inspired by yours...

AK-12: You strive to turn dangerous situations into victories and survive against impossible odds. Even if you have the choice of cutting your losses to save the bigger picture, you never hesitate to choose the harder option of leaving nobody behind.

Commander: Are you praising me or are you admonishing me in a roundabout way?

AK-12: Why not both? You know, as a faithful friend of mankind, I always try to be honest.

Commander: Hmm...I admire Ange from the bottom of my heart for being able to put up with you.

AK-12: This is how I was designed, and she has her duties. Neither of us can operate without the other.

Commander: Still, I find it hard to believe an argumentative Doll like you would willingly carry out your orders.

AK-12: I may not be able to disobey my orders, but as a "state-of-the-art elite T-Doll", I am capable of questioning them.

AK-12: Propositions that cannot be disproved, cannot be verified either. For a battle plan to work smoothly, participants who can raise questions about the details of its execution are necessary.

Commander: Now that I think about it, perhaps the reason I've always been so wary of you is because I can't bring myself to accept...a Doll that's smarter than me, more thoughtful than me, and more capable than me.

Commander: What I fear isn't your mischief, but the fact that I can never seem to gain the upper hand in our verbal spar no matter how much I rack my brain.

Commander: Still, losing an argument against you isn't so bad.

Commander: At least we humans get to hear some harsh prophecies before we forge our own demise.

AK-12: Am I a prophet now...? What an intriguing idea. I'll take it as a compliment.

Commander: And congratulations on your overwhelming victory. Once again, you've wiped the floor with Griffin. Are you satisfied now, AK-12?

AK-12: I don't care about winning. Otherwise, I wouldn't have let her cheat.

Commander: Cheat? You mean MDR? That little...

AK-12: Oh, you don't have to punish her... After all, the audience didn't notice, and it was pretty dramatic.

AK-12: If I'd won, the crowd wouldn't have been so enthusiastic.

Commander: But...

AK-12: You sure have a lot of fascinating T-Dolls under your command.

AK-12: I can't say much about their specs, but each and every one of them is interesting in their own unique way.

AK-12: To me, Griffin is like a massive playground. Every time I run into you, I gather a lot of interesting data.

AK-12: ...Oh, intermission's over. I've got to go back to the table and wrap up the game.

AK-12 picks up her skirts and gives me a respectful curtsy, then flits away lightly like the wind.

I watch as her figure disappears into the crowd.

After several rounds, DEFY...and MDR seem to have gained the upper hand in the Texas Hold Em tournament.

Though MDR ended up being disqualified for cheating, K2 is still the player who has lost the most chips.'

In the end, AK-12 declares that, "Since poker players only represent themselves, let's just have the biggest loser take the punishment."

After the game, AK-12 confronts this ultimate loser.

AK-12: ...Well? Be a good sport, will you?

K2: I... Hmm, fine. But there are so many people...

AK-12: Relax. Think of it in a different way – this isn't a punishment; it's an opportunity for you to shine.

K2: ...Humph. I'm only doing this to set a good example for the juniors.

K2: Besides, I've conquered all the dance arcade machines in Pocket City!

Having no choice but to be the star of the "closing performance" due to losing the poker game, K2 still pulls herself together and walks onto the stage.

In her indigo ball gown, K2 takes a deep breath and plugs a song into the stereo.

As the intro comes in with a lively beat, K2 snaps her high heels together with a brisk tap.

She sways her long legs and begins to prance around energetically.

Seeing K2 forget all about her exhaustion and shine so brightly under the spotlight, I know it's worth bringing her along today.

Commander: When K2 puts her heart into something, she can do a fantastic job.

AK-12: So what do you think about my elaborate plan, Commander?

AK-12: I've prepared over a hundred possible scenarios regarding this closing performance.

AK-12 walks up to my side and gazes at the stage with me, appraising this "surprise" that she has sprung onto me.

Still, I've got to admit that this "surprise" far surpasses my expectations.

I can do nothing but smile dryly and nod at my bitter but also unexpectedly sweet defeat.

Commander: Looks like I'm being haunted by a very persistent ghost, sigh...

Commander: Is it really so much fun for you to make trouble for us?

AK-12: I think so, though I also got myself into trouble because of that.

Commander: Then what exactly are you trying to gain from us?

AK-12: Sometimes, you won't know you want something unless you've seen it for yourself.

AK-12: And sometimes you won't realize that's the answer you've been searching for until you have it.

Commander: ...Want me to talk to Ange or Helian about this?

Commander: Griffin is always looking for new talents, especially those who are feeling lost.

Commander: We are very experienced in helping all kinds of Dolls start a new life.

AK-12: No need, I'm quite happy with my current boss and job.

Commander: That's a real shame. Now Ange has given me another reason to be jealous of her.

AK-12: Still, you'll have more than enough opportunities to poach me. We'll probably meet again very soon.

Commander: Will I be getting a new "surprise" then?

AK-12: I hope you can perceive them as "lovely memories". It'll probably make it easier for you to suffer through it.

AK-12: Our time is up, Commander.

Commander: But the cocktail party isn't over yet! The performance is still...

AK-12: I sneaked in here without a proper invitation, after all, so I don't think making an ostentatious exit is a good idea.

Commander: ...You're making a joke out of Griffin's security.

AK-12: But you and your T-Dolls all know I'm here, don't you?

AK-12: Do svidaniya.

When I first met her, she reminded me of vodka – sharp, spicy, and colorless.

But once I've had a proper taste, I realized that she's actually a dark crimson Amarone – bitter with a tinge of sweetness.

She strides away without looking back.

I gaze at the glow of silvery moonlight that seems to cling onto her...until it fades into darkness.

Commander: What an extraordinary pers... Doll.

As midnight approaches, the cocktail party comes to an end in a thunderous round of applause.

Sedan engines come revving to life one after the other, and smartly-clad chauffeurs set off on the journey home with their tipsy passengers onboard.

But many guests, still in high spirits because of the alcohol, stay on to discuss the party tonight and share anecdotes with each other.

AK-12: ...Any second now.

Perched on a suitcase, AK-12 checks the time and sees that AN-94 will soon show up.

She's right – AN-94 rushes into the parking lot in her high heels, pushing a large suitcase of her own, precisely five minutes after the end of the cocktail party.

AK-12: Hey.

AN-94: AK-12...what is going on? Didn't you tell me to come to the cocktail party alone?

AN-94: When I saw you at the venue, I thought it wasn't a good idea to question you in public so I didn't say anything...

AK-12: I did say I had a "surprise" for you.

AN-94: Still, that kind of joke was a bit too...

AK-12: You don't have to worry about anything. You didn't lose my body.

AN-94 was going to press the matter, but what AK-12 just said has left her dumbfounded. She stands there like a statue, her jaws slack in shock.

AN-94: W...when did you find out?

AK-12: Since the very beginning, duh.

AK-12: Asking Ange to get you an invitation, sending you to the cocktail party – all my idea.

AN-94: I'm really sorry for touching your spare body...

AK-12: Don't worry about it. Despite being a stiff, inflexible block of wood, you still take me by surprise sometimes.

AN-94: ...I don't understand.

AK-12: You don't have to. Do I look like I understand what you've been up to today?

AN-94: Even you have things you don't understand?

AK-12: Sure I do, like some things about Ange...and that Griffin Commander...

AK-12: You may even join the list of unfathomable things in the future depending on how it goes.

AN-94: But as your backup unit, if there are things about me that perplex you, won't it create factors of uncertainty in battle?

AK-12: Having analyzed something completely doesn't guarantee correct understanding. The world doesn't consist of things that are all either 0 or 1. It's far more important to be able to navigate the hazy gray area in between than to have accurate computation capabilities.

AK-12: Now your neural cloud is becoming more complex and harder for me to fathom. That's a good sign - it proves that you've grown.

AK-12: So, did you have fun at the cocktail party? Have you learned how to relax?

AN-94 stands there in a daze. She closes her eyes and seems to be replaying everything she's been through during the evening in her head.

AK-12 doesn't interrupt and patiently waits for her to gather her thoughts.

After a long time, AN-94 opens her eyes, a small smile creeping onto her emotionless face.

AN-94: I guess so, but I'm not entirely sure.

AK-12 covers her mouth and chuckles at that answer.

AK-12: Very good. I'm glad you're finally catching up to me. From now on, we can give Ange and the Commander double the headache.