In the Griffin dorms.

Commander: So you're saying that there's been a stalker in the Griffin base recently?

LWMMG: Yes. Once I spotted this mysterious stalker, I gathered everyone to help me track them down, but we haven't been able to catch the culprit so far... I apologize for my incompetence.

Lewis: Someone also rummaged through the files that I organized... But I couldn't find the culprit.

LWMMG: Could someone be causing trouble on purpose? Maybe they're taking advantage of the fact that Christmas is around the corner...

Lewis: That's definitely possible... But even S.F. is preparing for Christmas on their end.

Lewis: Given that those Dolls are so pretty, I simply can't believe they'd do something like this.

LWMMG: Could it be the Military?

Lewis: If the Military found this base, surely they'd dispatch their forces to wipe us out, right?

LWMMG: That's true... To them, we must seem weak enough that they wouldn't even need to scout us out first.

LWMMG: Then could there be a traitor among us?

???: ...

LWMMG: Who's there?

A strange, quiet sound comes from behind the door. LWMMG immediately rushes out and grabs the person standing outside the hall.

???: Let go of me!

LWMMG: Quit struggling, there's no way you can...

LWMMG: ...HMG21?

HMG21: ...

Commander: So you're saying that somebody touched your things too, HMG21?

HMG21: I noticed someone following me when I went to look for Big Sis, but when I tried to pursue them, they were nowhere to be found.

Commander: This doesn't sound like something which one person could do on their own. But security here is tight, so there's no way a group of people could sneak in here...

Commander: (Could it really be a Doll from Griffin? Is it Parapluie? Some kind of hacking attack by Paradeus? I'll need to go check the base's security cameras.)

Commander: Don't worry and carry on with your work. I'll take care of this.

Lewis: Please do, Commander!

LWMMG: I'll do my best to uncover more clues.

Commander: Carry on, ladies.

When I left the dorm, HMG21 followed me out.

At first, I thought we were simply headed the same way, but I didn't expect her to follow me all the way to the door of my office.

Commander: I believe today's adjutant is someone else, HMG21.

HMG21: Oh!

HMG21: You suddenly stopped...

Commander: My apologies. Is there something you would like to tell me?

HMG21: Yes, Commander.

HMG21: Actually, I spotted that stalker...

Commander: You did?

HMG21: Yes, it was...

HMG21: CAWS.

...

The second hand ticks rhythmically through the repair bay.

I sit in the darkness, quietly waiting for CAWS to return from her mission.

The sound of footsteps approaches the door...

CAWS: Aren't you going to turn on the lights, Commander? I didn't know you were so determined to save on the power bill.

Commander: Ah, I've been discovered.

CAWS: Of course. The human heartbeat is very distinctive, after all.

CAWS: Besides, I kept my sensory modules instead of swapping for attack power when I came to work here. I knew you were in here the moment I reached the corridor.

Commander: I see.

CAWS: So, what are you doing here? Humans ought to visit the infirmary. Or are you waiting for someone?

Commander: Isn't anyone else coming?

CAWS: How could anyone else in my team get hurt? I've always worked as well as I was paid.

CAWS: I suppose that would mean you're looking for me.

Commander: Let's get to the point, then. Did you know that recently, there have been many incidents of Dolls being followed in the base?

CAWS: It was me.

Commander: Just you?

CAWS: Yes, only me.

Commander: Why? That's not work, is it?

CAWS: It IS work. Springfield offered me two days' worth of free afternoon tea for two in return for doing the Christmas shopping, and I accepted.

Commander: Christmas... Ah, Christmas is in a few days. But what does that have to do with you stalking people?

CAWS: I'm not familiar with most of the Dolls here, so isn't this the sort of lifestyle research you'd do to understand their preferences?

CAWS: I was careful, but we're all Dolls, so the best I could do was to ensure they didn't realize it was me.

Commander: But they discovered you in the end, so it wasn't a good means of following them.

CAWS: Do you have a better idea then, Commander?

CAWS: Given what you've said, I'm sure you must have a better approach in mind.

Commander: I understand all the Dolls who work here, even the newcomers. It would be better if I accompanied you on your intel-gathering ventures rather than you going at it by yourself.

CAWS: Indeed, the plan you suggested is more workable, Commander.

CAWS: Might I trouble you to accompany me, then?

Commander: Of course.

CAWS: Then... Wait, have you finished your work yet?

Commander: Erk!

CAWS' face remains impassive even after seeing my reaction. All she does is shake her head.

CAWS: I'll remember to ask you for help. In the meantime, finish up your work first, Commander.

Commander: Alright, it's a deal.

The next morning.

As I think about the problems that might occur during Christmas, which would come in a few days time, I walk up to my office with a heart filled with worry.

CAWS: Good morning.

Commander: Morning...

Commander: ...

Commander: Are you the adjutant on duty today?

CAWS: I swapped with today's adjutant in order to better carry out my tasks. Let's finish the day's work, Commander.

Commander: Ah.

Commander: (Crap, I talked too big yesterday. Even if it's me, how could I remember what each Doll likes?!)

However, CAWS obviously cannot hear my inner howl of despair. Seeing as she has settled herself into the adjutant's position, all I can do is cast my worries aside and begin the day's work.

In the afternoon.

CAWS: There, that's all of it.

CAWS: Is there anything else?

Commander: No, we finished up pretty quickly today.

CAWS: The situation called for it, so I gave you my full support.

CAWS: If there's anything else which needs to be done, we should get started on it right away. Before that, however, I have some questions for you, Commander.

Commander: Bring it on!

Commander: (Don't be nervous, you can do it!）

CAWS: First question - who does HMG21 like most?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

CAWS: So she's a Doll who values family. Perhaps they should be put on missions together...

CAWS: No, perhaps matched household items would be better.
If choice 2 was picked

CAWS: She likes Gr G36? That's a surprise. I hardly ever see them together.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Er...

Commander: (I think I got it wrong.)

CAWS: Onto the second question. What does Lewis like most?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

CAWS: Indeed, I've heard rumors that she has a predilection for pretty Dolls.

CAWS: I'll give her a designer ribbon, then.
If choice 2 was picked

CAWS: I've also heard of her reputation as an arm-wrestling queen.

CAWS: But what shall I give her? Boxing gloves? Bracers?
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: That sounds weird, but that should work, I guess?

Commander: (I think I got it wrong.)

CAWS: The third question. What does LWMMG like most?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

CAWS: Thriftiness is a good habit. After all, there's no telling when Griffin will suddenly go under.

CAWS: I'll give her a notebook, then.
If choice 2 was picked

CAWS: ...Is she really like that? Well, if you say so, there must be some basis for it.

CAWS: I'll give her a discount coupon to encourage her to spend more.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: That works too.

Commander: (I think I got it wrong.)
If choice 3 was picked

CAWS: Then, shall I tie a ribbon onto you and make you her present?
If choice 3 was picked

Commander: Please tell me you're kidding.
If choice 3 was picked

CAWS: I'm not.
If choice 3 was picked

Commander: Just give her a notebook!
If choice 3 was picked

CAWS: A notebook? I'll write that down.

CAWS: Question four. What does 100 Shiki like most?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

CAWS: That's way too abstract. Let's just give her a normal present and you can give it to her in person, Commander.
If choice 2 was picked

CAWS: According to my observations for the past few days, she's not like that.

CAWS: Maybe she's the kind who's outwardly reserved but passionate inside... I guess I'll just give her a holographic game card.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: It feels a little... No, it's nothing.

Commander: (I think I got it wrong.)

CAWS: Fifth question, what does Gepard M1 like best?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

CAWS: Everybody likes vacation time, but I don't have the authority to give her a holiday.

CAWS: Perhaps something she can use while she's relaxing... Let's go with a set of new mugs.
If choice 2 was picked

CAWS: I didn't expect a proper Doll like her to actually like overtime... Let's give her a toy to keep her spirits up.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: ...That seems quite practical.

Commander: (I think I got it wrong.)

...

The Q&A session goes on for close to an hour. Just as I'm feeling tired, CAWS finally closes the form she's using to collect all this data.

CAWS: Alright, we're done.

Commander: At last...

CAWS: I can start shopping for the presents tomorrow. Please check one last time to see that I haven't missed anyone out.

Commander: I'll take a look.

I see a lot of things in the form which I'm not sure about.

What were the right answers?

I'll need to verify them again, I secretly decide.

But then...

Commander: CAWS, did you ask me about Tokarev's present?

CAWS: No. I thought that I knew enough about what Tokarev liked, so there was no need to waste time doing so.

Commander: Still, giving Tokarev snacks isn't the best choice.

CAWS: Are you saying that you know her better than I do?

Commander: Regrettably, the answer is indeed yes.

CAWS: I am willing to believe you, but I will require proof for this case.

CAWS: She often brings snacks over to share with me when she has free time at work. During those occasions, she often has a relaxed smile. Thus, I believe giving her snacks is the right choice.

Commander: No, she's a gentle and soft-hearted Doll. She only brings snacks over to you because you like eating them.

CAWS: ...Indeed, I've never seen her eat snacks by herself. In that case, what does she like?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

CAWS: I'll need proof of that.
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: During the masquerade ball some time ago, she broke character in order to hug a passing cat, even though it meant being hit by several stray arrows.

Commander: She usually doesn't bring it up, but I think she likes cats.
If choice 1 was picked

CAWS: ...It's true, I've seen her secretly feeding cats before.

CAWS: In that case, would giving her a fluffy cat plushie be better?
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: I think so.
If choice 2 was picked

CAWS: Is this some kind of sexual harassment, Commander?
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: It's true!

Commander: She even kept a picture from one of our previous wedding dress assignments!
If choice 2 was picked

CAWS: ...
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: ...There's no rush, we can double-check this.

CAWS: Very well.

CAWS: Thank you for your correction, Commander.

CAWS: In that case, I'll...

Commander: Hang on, you should put the form down for now. We've got new work.

CAWS: Of course. Carrying out our duties is our top priority.

After putting the form away in a hurry, I think of a way to make enough work to keep us busy until it's time to knock off.

After a whole night of confirmation and verification, I hand the amended form back to CAWS.

...

On the night of Christmas Eve.

Springfield: And that's the end of tonight's party.

Springfield: Everyone, please remember to collect your presents from me before leaving!

The crowd erupts in cheers and obediently forms a long queue.

Some Dolls open their presents on the spot, while others leave the venue with their presents in hand. As I look at the faces of the Dolls who opened theirs right away, a feeling of relief washes over me.

At the very least our hard work hasn't been wasted...

CAWS: How lively. Everyone looks happy, so our work was worth it.

Commander: Yeah.

CAWS: Tokarev liked her present very much. I guess you do know her better than me, but that won't necessarily remain true for long.

Commander: You want to make it a competition?

CAWS: No, I was just making up my mind.

CAWS: Oh yes, I heard that the Dolls found another stalker over the course of the past couple of days. Do we need to review the security in our base?

Commander: Ahem... I guess. We should upgrade our security systems after the New Year.

Commander: (I can't very well tell her that I was the new stalker, can I?!)

CAWS: Wouldn't that be too late?

Commander: Trust me.

Springfield: Oh dear...

Commander: What's the matter, Springfield?

Springfield: There's one more present left, and there's no name on it.

Commander: There's no name on it?

CAWS: It's your present, Commander, from me.

Commander: So it's mine? But I've already got mine.

CAWS: Think of it as thanks for helping me with my job.

She brings the box over and stuffs it into my hands.

CAWS: Merry Christmas.

She looks into my eyes, then she suddenly smiles.

Her golden eyes reflect the sparkling candlelight, and they make me think of many warm things... Amber reflecting the sunlight, the candelabras on Christmas Eve, or perhaps a cup of warm, sweet honey.

CAWS: Take a guess, Commander. Do you think you'll like what I gave you?