Contender: Commander, would you please accept this invitation?

I'm presented with an exquisitely-detailed envelope. The foil-stamped rose emblem in the middle is the symbol of a world-famous theater troupe.

In the past, it had been made up entirely of women, but now they are all very high-grade civilian Dolls.

Typically, only the rich and powerful would be able to enjoy their shows...so what is an invitation from a troupe like that doing in a place like this?

Contender: ...Commander? Commander?

Contender's voice brings me back to my senses.

Commander: Mm...I'm listening.

Contender: This is a personal request from this theater troupe.

Contender: It seems like the Doll playing the lead suddenly suffered a malfunction and IOP can't repair her in time for tomorrow's performance, so they requested me to replace her through their connections with Griffin.

Commander: ...Is it alright for a PMC to participate in a civilian performance?

Contender: I'm the only Doll of the same model within this area that can make it to the venue within a day. In addition, I've been trained in disguise and infiltration.

Contender: Combined with IOP-provided data and modules, I should be able to carry out the performance.

Commander: ...There's a difference between performing and disguising yourself. But if you say so, then I believe we won't have to worry about the performance.

Commander: What's the purpose of this invitation, then?

Contender: According to Griffin regulations, any Tactical Doll on external loan needs to be accompanied by a company employee.

Contender: Miss Helian said I could pick a human that I'm familiar with to accompany me, and I immediately thought of you.

Commander: I think I roughly understand the situation now. Will you need me to do anything?

Contender: You won't need to do any extra work. All you have to do is give your signature to the theater before and after the performance. Please feel free to enjoy the show during this time.

Contender: I apologize for inconveniencing you for the sake of an ordinary civilian assignment...

Contender: If you're not free, I can ask Miss Kalina as well...

I take the invitation from Contender's hands.

Commander: I've got enough time to watch an opera. Leave it to me.

Contender: Is that a yes? ...That's wonderful.

Contender looks very happy, which surprises me a little.

Commander: I thought you were the sort of Doll who didn't need other people by your side to be in good spirits.

Contender: While I'm 99% confident in my own abilities, I believe that having you on the scene will give me that 1% of luck that I need to perfectly carry out my mission.

Commander: Then I ought to dress well for the occasion. Unfortunately, I don't have any formal wear on hand that would be suitable for mingling with high society.

Contender: There's no need to worry about that. The theater simply requested that you dress smartly in our company's uniform. I trust that won't be a problem for you.

Commander: Now that you mention it, aren't you looking forward to wearing a dress of your own? You're going to be the center of the stage.

Contender: I don't have any say in that. All I can do is complete my mission of putting on a good show.

Contender: To ensure the success of the mission, I'll be going over to the theater ahead of time tomorrow to rehearse. You only need to be there just before the show starts, Commander. Lastly, please don't forget to bring the invitation.

Contender: Please look forward to the show tomorrow. I'll do my best to complete my objective and give you a perfect performance.

The next day. At the theater.

According to what I know, all the data from the damaged Doll had been uploaded into Contender's database by IOP.

Therefore, Contender should still be able to deliver a flawless performance despite being a last-minute substitute.

Wearing a lavish uniform on the stage, Contender is focused on singing.

Commander: Hm...she seems a little different from usual.

Other than her handsome aura emphasized by her princely garb, I could sense high spirits and a faint feeling of joy emanating from her.

Commander: Well, that's Contender for you. She works so hard to win, even outside the battlefield...

Commander: Or perhaps she's so into it precisely because she's standing on the stage.

The opera draws to a close before I could realize, and as the house lights slowly brighten, a round of applause rises from the audience.

Commander: What an excellent performance. I need to praise her after we finish here.

...!

Just then, I notice a red dot slowly rising up the collar of Contender's white uniform, and my hands, which were about to strike together to clap, freeze in mid-air.

Contender: Everyone! Get down!

Just as I was about to call out a warning to her, Contender suddenly leaps off the stage and races toward me while stepping on the backs of the audience seats.

She's a Doll, after all, and she is far more agile than a human being.

At the same time, a massive explosion is heard from the VIP box on the second floor, and the theater plunges into chaos.

I swiftly examine the scene to see that not only had there been an attack on the second floor, but the Dolls on stage have raised their weapons toward the humans as well...

Contender: Are you hurt, Commander?

Commander: Don't worry, I'm holding onto that 1% luck. I won't get hurt so easily.

Contender: It's an organized attack! What should we do now?

Commander: Did you think I'd come here empty-handed?

Commander: Contender, you can fight in those clothes, right?

Contender: I'll only be at 99% of my capability.

Contender: I'll be counting on your guidance for that remaining 1%, Commander.

Commander: All units take heed! You are now cleared for anti-personnel operations. Get ready...

Although we've been ambushed, we had prepared for a situation like this beforehand, so dealing with these enemies would not be a problem.

Not to mention...we rarely get to enjoy a performance like this, so they will pay for interrupting it.

Commander: ...to counterattack!

...

...

The battle concludes. In the theater break room.

As I pass by the entrance to the break room, I see Contender sitting by the bar counter.

She is still wearing her costume from the stage, and the glass in front of her is filled with a heap of shaved ice.

Taken in by this rare scene, I enter the room to greet her.

Commander: That looks delicious, Contender.

Contender: C-Commander!? What are you doing here...

Commander: Wait, there's no need to get up. You can keep on eating. I just happened to pass by and saw you in here, so I wanted to check in on our star of the show.

Commander: It seems like you're enjoying a delicious reward for your hard work.

Contender: I guess... I feel like I can better think about some things when I eat shaved ice.

Contender: Would you like some too, Commander?

Commander: Thanks, but I'll only be here for a bit before I go.

Commander: While I'd very much like to enjoy that delicious shaved ice with you, I still have to submit a report of today's incident to Helian...and I can't keep her waiting for too long.

Contender: Is that so... Thank you very much for your hard work today, Commander.

Contender: By the way, what did you think of the show?

Contender: You...didn't seem too happy with it.

Commander: It was magnificent. However, you didn't get to receive the audience's applause for a final bow...so it seemed like a bit of a shame to me.

Contender: For me...being able to fight under you and bring you victory is more important than the audience's applause, Commander.

Contender: And...being able to perform on stage was something that could never have been possible for me.

Contender: I'm thinking perhaps that was a miracle born from your luck.

If this is what Contender thinks, then I could put myself at ease for the most part. I decide to take advantage of this opportunity to tell her what I want to say before we leave.

Commander: Contender, when you were on stage earlier...you looked very handsome.

Contender: Huh? D-Did you just call me handsome?

...Contender does not say another word. She simply gulps down a big mouthful of shaved ice.

Commander: Hey...won't that give you a headache?

Contender: You're already giving me a headache...

Commander: Er...ah...I'm sorry. I guess calling a lady “handsome” isn't quite appropriate...

Contender: No, that's not what I mean...

Contender: Rather...I'm kind of happy to hear that.

Commander: You mean like the happiness of being able to display 99% of your capability on stage?

Contender: This time around, I think it's...

Contender: ...the 1% kind of happiness.