On a certain morning.

Commander: It's not often that rest days come along, so dodging documents from Miss Kalina today shouldn't count as slacking off.

Commander: After all, this is a hard-earned rest day, so I should get some sleep. Yes, I'll decide what to do after a nap...

My body slowly carry my brain out of the command room with that thought in mind.

As I pass by the entrance to the cafe, I see a very familiar face.

Contender: ...

Commander: ...

Although, her outfit...is definitely not familiar at all.

Contender: W-Would you...like to come in, Commander?

Standing in the doorway, I'm momentarily at a loss for words.

And only now that I remember they have recently been carrying out specialized maid training in the cafe.

Commander: Not today.

Commander: I'm sorry, things happened so suddenly that I had no idea how to respond for a while...

Commander: That, and you look very cute like this, Contender.

Contender: I-Is that so... Thank you, Commander.

Just as I'm about to continue on to the break room, I see Contender tugging at her skirt with both hands. She looks like she has more to say.

Commander: Did you want to say something else?

Contender: (Startled) Ah, yes...

Contender: Actually, I would like to seek your help with a request of mine...

Commander: You want me to help you practice or something? Sure!

Contender: (Shocked) How did you know I was going to say that, Commander?

Commander: It's my Commander's instinct.

Contender: Your instinct... That seems a little suspicious, don't you think, Commander?

Commander: Certainly not. I've got a reasoned conclusion to back it up.

Commander: After seeing you in these clothes, I thought of what happened before at the theater.

Commander: So if I stick with you now, something very interesting might happen again♪

Contender: (Blushes) I-Is that so...

Commander: Yes.

Commander: For some reason, I've got a rough understanding of how you think, Contender.

Contender: (Blushes again) Ahem...

Contender: Uh, then I'll be counting on you for the next few days, Commander.

Commander: Mhm, it's settled, then.

...Afternoon of the next day.

At the Griffin cafe.

I come to the cafe as arranged.

Upon entering, I see Gr G28 hurrying back and forth.

After a brief exchange of words, Gr G28 directs me to an empty table.

I go through the all-too-familiar menu for appearance's sake before ticking my choices and handing it back to Gr G28.

Commander: Right, I'll have these, then.

Gr G28: Okay, please wait for a bit.

Gr G28: Another Doll will attend to you in a bit!

After Gr G28 leaves, it doesn't take long before I see Contender coming towards me with a drink on a serving tray.

Contender: (Quietly) Your iced tea, Commander.

Commander: That was fast!

Commander: I mean...thank you!

With her hands firmly gripping the sides of the tray, Contender inclines herself forward and offers it to me.

She watches me with a very uncharacteristic look of apprehension, but there is a hint of anticipation in her eyes.

Commander: Contender, did you make this yourself?

Contender: (Quietly) Yes, Commander.

Contender: Um...do you like it?

Commander: Very much!

I notice Contender's expression relaxes for a moment.

Commander: I say, Contender, why have you been so quiet all day?

Contender: Huh? W-Was I being quiet?

Commander: Oh yes.

Commander: I don't know why, but you seem very reserved today.

Commander: And why are your movements so stiff? Are you not feeling well?

Contender: ...

Commander: ...

Contender's face turns even more red, and she seems even more at a loss for what to do next.

Commander: ...Ah, I'm sorry!

Commander: Sorry, sorry! Please forgive this tactless barbarian!

Contender: ...It's fine, Commander, I understand.

Contender: For some reason, starting out from scratch as a maid is quite tiring...

Commander: Well, you never were the sort of Doll who had cuteness as a selling point in the first place.

Contender looks extremely crestfallen.

Commander: Ah! I definitely don't mean that you're not cute!

Contender: I...don't understand your meaning...

Commander: Um...

Commander: What I'm trying to say is, have you considered going for a different type of training?

Contender: Huh?

Commander: Ah...it's just that...you don't quite give the impression of being a maid.

Commander: I'm not saying you're no good! You make excellent iced tea! So if you're not a waitress...

Contender's head is lowered and I could not see her face, but I have the feeling that her eyes would betray her resignation.

Still, seeing Contender in this state — in a pretty dress, and blushing with a put-upon look on her face — is a rare thing indeed, so why am I still being so harsh to her at a time like this?

I begin to resent myself from just now, the one who had asked that question.

Commander: —I got it! It's because of your outfit!

Contender: Ehhhhh?

Commander: It must be because your clothes are too cute!

Commander: You look absolutely adorable in a maid outfit, Contender! I ended up getting lost in staring at you!

Commander: Therefore, you must find it tiring because the pressure of wearing a maid outfit is too great!

Contender: Pfffft, what nonsense are you talking...

Contender: Then tell me, what kind of clothes should I wear?

I breath a sigh of relief as I see a smile on Contender's tense face.

Commander: Well, I wanted to say "you look more like a prince", but really, you look good in anything, don't you?

Contender: (Coughs) Thank you, Commander.

Contender: Also, I apologize, but I cannot change the sort of training that I am undergoing.

Contender: We will only be assigned to specific tasks once the mission begins, so for now, we need to be schooled in every aspect of the job.

Commander: I see, hm. You'll just have to work hard, then.

Contender: Frankly speaking, I feel a little...unsuited to working as a maid.

Contender: However, since I've accepted this mission, I must complete it flawlessly.

Commander: As precisely as a formula?

Contender: Yes, Commander. Just like a formula.

Commander: That's the spirit!

Commander: Although, you only need to plan things out 99% of the way.

Contender: 99%...?

Commander: The other 1% is luck, which I'll provide.

Commander: I'll be by your side.

Contender: (Blushes) Thank you, Commander...

BOOM!

I am startled by the sudden explosion from the kitchen, but just as I am about to warn Contender to be careful, I look back to see that the "usual Contender" has returned.

Contender: Commander! Are you alright!?

Commander: I'm fine...

Commander: But what happened to your outfit? Wait a minute, why do you have your gun out?

Contender: Commander, they say a man can't cross the same river twice — the same goes for Dolls.

Contender: I'm fully prepared this time; I won't let the suspect escape!

Commander: Hold on, Contender, this isn't what a maid—

But before I could finish, Contender has already lowered her stance and charged into the kitchen with her gun in hand.

I have no idea what exploded, but the cafe is filled with thick smoke.

After consoling the other Dolls, I prepare to enter the kitchen myself to see what is going on.

Commander: (Coughs) I can already imagine how tough Contender's training will be in the future...

Commander: But...I have to accompany her to the end.

I quietly make up my mind, deep in my heart.

After all, I'm her precious 1% of luck.