Inside the Griffin base.

Commander: There's only two more items which haven't been checked yet.

Commander: Now, for today...

As I look at the name of the person responsible for this particular item, my heart suddenly sinks.

Commander: Urgh... Gd DSR-50's in charge of the red packets...

Commander: While she seems like a dangerous one, I think there shouldn't be any problems if I'm just checking her work.

Commander: ...Besides, I need to deal with this sooner or later, so I might as well go see her first.

Inside the Griffin dorms.

Gd DSR-50: Oh my...there you are, Commander...

Commander: Yeah, I came to see how the preparations for the Spring Festival red packets were going.

Commander: How's your progress?

Gd DSR-50: Are you only here to ask about the red packets?

Commander: Is...there anything else you want to tell me?

Gd DSR-50: Not really...

Gd DSR-50: But you can always come look me up for reasons other than work, you know...

Commander: That...can probably wait until later, when I have time...

Gd DSR-50: Alright, I'll be waiting for you then~

Commander: So how are the red packets coming along?

Gd DSR-50: The money and the packets are ready.

Gd DSR-50: Now all we need to do is put one into the other.

Commander: Alright, got it.

Commander: Please finish up as soon as possible. There's only a few days left until Spring Festival Eve.

Gd DSR-50: I've...received your wish.

Gd DSR-50: Now then, Commander...I have a problem that I'd like to consult you about...

Commander: What kind of problem?

Gd DSR-50: Should I put a random amount of money into each red packet, or a fixed amount?

Gd DSR-50: The course of the future may change greatly depending on what you choose...

Commander: Well...let me think about that...

Gd DSR-50: Not knowing the amount you'll get before opening the packet...

Gd DSR-50: And leaving your happiness to sheer luck is quite interesting, don't you think?

Gd DSR-50: And as their maker...holding everyone's joy and sorrow in my hands is such delicious pleasure...

Commander: Er...well...

Commander: I think...we should divide it up evenly.

Gd DSR-50: Oh?

Commander: I would like everyone to be equally happy on an occasion like this.

Gd DSR-50: So that's what you think...

Gd DSR-50: Once you make the decision...there's no going back...

Gd DSR-50: Are you sure about this?

Commander: Yes. Do you have an opinion on the matter, DSR?

Gd DSR-50: Not at all... Obeying your wishes is always the priority.

Gd DSR-50: However...

Commander: However?

Gd DSR-50: ...It's nothing.

Gd DSR-50: I'm simply looking forward to the night of Spring Festival Eve.

Gd DSR-50: I'm sure I'll have a very enjoyable time if I spend it with you.

Commander: I-I guess...haha...

On the night of Spring Festival Eve.

Before the Reunion Dinner begins, the T-Dolls go up with tickets given by Type 81R to redeem their red packets from Gd DSR-50.

As the dining tables get gradually filled up, there are fewer and fewer people at Gd DSR-50's counter in the hallway.

Commander: Good evening, DSR.

Gd DSR-50: Hallo, Commander...are you here to collect your red packet?

Gd DSR-50: Show me your ticket, please.

I hand her the ticket given to me by Type 81R earlier.

Gd DSR-50: Alright, your ticket is in order.

Gd DSR-50: Here's your red packet. I hope you enjoy it.

Commander: Thank you, DSR.

Commander: Oh yes, by the way, have you given out all the red packets yet?

Gd DSR-50: There's still one left. I'm guessing it's for Fräulein Type 81R.

Commander: She's probably still busy outside...

Commander: Why don't you give me her red packet and I'll hand it to her?

Commander: That way you can start eating sooner.

Gd DSR-50: But I can't hand over a red packet without a ticket, you know~

Commander: Aw come on, be more understanding...

Commander: Besides, it's the only one left, isn't it?

Gd DSR-50: I can be understanding...but what will you trade me for it?

Commander: Huh?

Gd DSR-50: You'll have to pay for the extra red packet, Commander.

Gd DSR-50: Where's your red packet for me?

Commander: Ah...

Commander: How about I exchange my red packet for it?

Gd DSR-50: Now you're just brushing me off... That's not a satisfactory answer.

Commander: What do you want, then?

Gd DSR-50: I don't mind if you don't have a red packet...

Gd DSR-50: As long as you satisfy my desires right here.

Commander: Wait, what are you trying to do?

Gd DSR-50: Don't worry, it's nothing that'll endanger you...

Gd DSR-50: If you want the red packet...then you'll have to do what I say. How about that?

Commander: ...Alright.

It seems I'll need to please her to get the remaining red packet.

I sigh inwardly and give this dangerous T-Doll a resigned nod.

Gd DSR-50: Now then, please close your eyes...

I can smell a fragrance in the darkness.

That faint scent steadily approaches as my heart beats faster.

A moment later, something cool and smooth touches my lips.

Gd DSR-50: You can open your eyes now.

I open my eyes, only to find a red packet pressed against my lips.

Upon meeting my eyes, she puts the red packet down on the table and grins at me.

Commander: Is that the last red packet?

Gd DSR-50: Nein.

DSR takes out another red packet and places it beside the previous one.

Gd DSR-50: THIS is the last one.

Commander: Wait... What's going on?

Gd DSR-50: Just a little practical joke.

Gd DSR-50: But your reaction was quite amusing...

Commander: ...

Gd DSR-50: The other one was mine.

Gd DSR-50: Now, give me the red packet that belongs to me.

Gd DSR-50: Then...you can take the one meant for Type 81R.

Commander: Honestly, what am I going to do with you...

I pick up the red packet and offer it to DSR with both hands.

Commander: Er... Happy Spring Festival in advance, DSR.

Gd DSR-50: And a Happy Spring Festival to you as well...Commander.

Commander: I-I think I'll be heading off now...

Commander: Thanks for the red packet, DSR.

DSR nods to me with the usual mysterious smile on her lips.

Gd DSR-50: I hope you'll have a pleasant night...

Gd DSR-50: And if it's not enjoyable enough...you know where to find me. 