I contact EVO 3 after my conversation with SAA.

EVO 3: Greetings, Commander.

EVO 3: I take it something has gone wrong with the plan if you're contacting me for no apparent reason?

Commander: The operation's about to begin, so I wanted to check in on you.

EVO 3: Everything's fine over here so far.

Commander: Alright, good...

EVO 3: Anything else you want me to keep in mind?

Commander: Your teammates for this operation are very good at causing a ruckus, and they might not be so good at cooperating with each other...

EVO 3: Is that what you were concerned about? Don't worry about it.

EVO 3: I've been able to work very well with Skorpion in the past, so I doubt I'll have trouble with other people.

EVO 3: Also...I trust my teammates. If anything goes wrong at any step of the way, I'll do my best to make up for it.

Commander: Then I'll take your word for it.

Commander: Thank you for your hard work. I look forward to hearing the good news from your team.

The mission begins.

EVO 3 blocks the path of Welrod and her group as they try to escape with the jewel.

EVO 3: I am the one you should be concerned about, not Welrod.

Welrod: Urgh...EVO 3!

Welrod: Why is it that even you have become an incarnation of evil!?

Zas M21: Calm down, Welrod.

Grizzly: Why don't you give up what you're doing? There's three of us and only one of you.

EVO 3: Haha, you do have a point. One against three certainly isn't very favorable.

EVO 3: In that case, I'll be making my retreat~

Welrod: Stop! Hold it right there!

Welrod: I won't let a single evildoer out of my sight!

Welrod chases after EVO 3 after entrusting the jewel to Grizzly and Zas.

Welrod: EVO3! Stop or I'll shoot!

EVO 3: You're just as persistent as I thought you would be, Welrod.

EVO3 stops in her tracks and turns to face Welrod.

EVO 3: But that's perfect for me.

EVO 3: Because now I can deal with you alone.

Welrod: Do you really think you can bluff your way out, EVO 3?

EVO 3: Of course not.

Just as EVO 3 finishes her sentence, two fire doors slam down to trap Welrod between them.

EVO 3: I'm a phantom thief now, so I need to act the part.

EVO 3: Sorry, Welrod.

Welrod: But you're clearly a Griffin Doll! Why are you doing something so wicked!?

EVO 3: Because it's my mission, Welrod.

EVO 3: Neither of us will walk away unscathed if we clash head-on.

EVO 3: I'd rather not fight you at all, so be a good girl and sit tight. Someone will be along to let you out once everything is over.

Welrod: Damn it...!

EVO 3 pays no more attention to Welrod and swiftly leaves the area.

She soon meets up with her teammate.

EVO 3: What's the situation, DSR?

EVO 3: Do you have the jewel?

Gd DSR-50: I have it.

Gd DSR-50: Take it and go. I'll handle the other nuisances.

EVO 3: I'll leave that to you, then.

EVO 3: Whew...at this point we're pretty much in the...

...?!

A shadow darts behind EVO and knocks her to the ground.

EVO 3: Urgh...

EVO 3: (How...did I not notice...)

???: Thank you. Your part ends here.

An unfamiliar Doll in a purple dress stands before EVO 3.

EVO 3: You're...

EVO 3: That face...that scar...

???: Thanks for your hard work. I'll be taking the jewel now.

EVO 3: How could I let you...

???: Have a good rest, missy from Griffin.

???: By the time you wake up, my face and what just happened...

???: Everything will be wiped from your memory.

The next day.

Griffin Control.

EVO 3: ...And that concludes my report of the mission, Commander.

Commander: Alright, EVO 3.

Commander: I'll accept your report.

EVO 3: However...it's very strange.

EVO 3: I should have left with the jewel in hand, but I can't remember anything after meeting up with DSR...

Commander: No matter. You've already done very well.

EVO 3: The jewel was stolen in the very end...after making a promise like that to you...

EVO 3: I sincerely apologize...

Commander: EVO 3, the most important thing in this mission is not the jewel.

Commander: Seeing your performance in dealing with an unexpected situation is far more valuable to me.

EVO 3: But what about the client...

Commander: The company is already handling it with the client.

Commander: So there's nothing for you to worry about... Trust me, okay?

EVO 3: How very...you of you, Commander.

EVO 3: Very well, I won't pry any further into this matter.

Commander: Good.

Commander: Although it is quite regretful that you couldn't join in on the anniversary party, EVO 3.

EVO 3: Well...I'm satisfied enough just to be able to wear this dress while working alongside you, Commander.

EVO 3: If we're just talking about a celebration, then we still have next year and many other occasions.

Commander: Then I'll be counting on you for another year, EVO 3.

EVO 3: No problem, Commander.

EVO 3: Please continue to look after me as well.