...Several days before Halloween.

...In the dorms.

Halloween is almost here. S.A.T.8 has been running back and forth over the past few days in order to prepare for the ghost story-telling competition.

After S.A.T.8 comes back at night to rest in the dorm, she happens to see F1 writing something.

S.A.T.8: My, still awake, F1?

F1: Huh? Oh...

F1: Aw, you derailed my train of thought!

F1: Honestly... it gets harder to write anything the closer I get to the deadline...

S.A.T.8: Your deadline? What's that? It sounds pretty dangerous...

F1: No, it's nothing.

F1: Speaking of which, how are your preparations? The event is gonna happen soon, right?

S.A.T.8: Things are pretty much settled! I've already filed requests for the venue and the supplies, so now all we need to do is wait for Halloween to come!

S.A.T.8: Although, I'm still not sure if keeping everything secret from the Commander is the right thing to do...

F1: Well...I'm not sure about that either.

F1: Still, I bet the Commander learned about this long ago. I won't find it surprising if the Commander shows up all of a sudden while we're telling ghost stories, you know?

S.A.T.8: That...that's possible...

S.A.T.8: Although... I don't know if making such an entrance is a good thing or not...

F1: Haha, well, if you ask me, getting bashed up would be bad, right? Good luck!

...

On Halloween.

In an old warehouse.

F1 is struggling to operate the warehouse's equipment terminal.

F1: Should I say this was what I expected of an old warehouse...? These things are all antiques. Which era did they even come from? I can't make head or tail of them!

F1: Honestly, if I'd known earlier, I would have simplified my poem anthology some more. As things stand now, typing them all in is a pain in the ass.

F1: Still...if S.A.T.8 and the others finish telling their ghost stories and the Commander hasn't shown up yet, I guess I'll call the Commander over.

F1: After all, I don't usually have any good gifts for the Commander...

???: (Distant voice) Huh? Is there someone in the warehouse? Helloooo?

F1: (Jumps) Crap, is that the Commander? Surprises are surprises because people don't know about them beforehand!

F1: Just...just a little more... Alright! c'mon, gotta turn it off—

The Commander enters the old warehouse.

Commander: Well, if it isn't F1.

Commander: What are you doing in an old warehouse like this? I hope you're not preparing to prank people behind my back.

F1: (Sighs heavily) Don't be ridiculous.

F1: I just came here in search of inspiration!

Commander: Oh, that's right, you've always been writing poems. (Mutters) Though you've never shown me any of them...

F1: Ah...

Commander: Ahem. Speaking of which, it's Halloween, so aren't you going to get some new clothes, F1?

F1: That stuff isn't really important.

F1: Also, I don't want to be like the others...

Several hours later...

F1 ends up sucked into cyberspace due to sudden developments during the event...

F1: I said it wasn't important, but...

F1: I ended up changing my outfit in the end!

F1: Dammit! So much for my strength of character!

F1: This isn't romantic at all! Always defaulting to this sort of thing isn't good!

F1 carries on her inner monologue as she walks through the cyberspace, all alone.

F1: What on earth is going on here...

F1: They were all telling ghost stories just now, and S.A.T.8 was so frightened that she nearly burst into tears!

F1: And then...and then there was a ray of white light, and I think everyone got sucked into some kind of hole?

F1 looks around, and what she sees confirms the fact that she is all by herself.

F1: In any case, let's just keep moving.

...Five minutes later.

F1: The place we were sucked into... should still be within Griffin base ... right?

F1: (Beat) Wait a minute, don't tell me this is cyberspace?

F1 checks her communicator. There is some static, but it's definitely still working.

F1: Hello, hello. is anyone online? This is F1, I'm currently in a...hm, a forest.

F1: If anyone can hear me, please guide me to meet up with everyone, over!

After shouting into the communicator, F1 ends the transmission and looks around.

F1: I haven't taken part in many electronic battles either. What a pain.

F1: Still, while the scenery in most digital training areas tends to vary, this place is actually...pretty nice.

Surprisingly enough, F1 finds many strange and bizarre sights in this place.

Skyscrapers sit side by side with forests, and cyberspace rippling beside ruined battlefields.

There is even a beach.

F1: This is just wrong, no matter how you look at it... I mean, there's a city and a forest and a beach existing side by side.

Just as F1 is busy being surprised by the sights in the cyberspace, her communicator rings.

F1 taps it to turn on the transmission, and she sees the images of two people.

MDR: Just calm down and stay where you are. We'll keep in touch.

MDR: I need to locate the others' signals first.

TAC-50: Alright, you're the only one who can sort this out... Please find the others.

...Beep.

F1: Er... Hang on—

F1: Wait, the transmission...ended?

F1: Don't tell me... We've all been scattered into different digital realms?

F1: I can be sure that TAC and MDR are still alive, at least, and that they're searching for me and the others...

F1: Hm... Am I seeing this because this is a digital world, so the data and radio waves here are all on the same bandwidth?

F1: Hmm! It IS cyberspace, after all! All this scenery and the crossed signals are in cyberspace!

F1: At the very least I don't need to worry about my safety any more. I'll just treat this as a good experience and go adventuring to come up with a new poem!

F1's spirits rise again with the thought. She takes her tactical tablet in hand and rides her broom forward.

F1: Not bad! Even this decorative broom can fly! It is a digital world, after all!

F1: Little F1~ Soaring on her broom~ Looking brave and cool!☆

F1: Mm mm! Good, good! What bizarre scenery this is!

Just as F1 is carefully studying the scenery, she senses something strange.

F1: Hmm?

F1: For some reason...

???: Have we been forgotten? Have we been forgotten?

F1: Who-who's that?!

A very quiet voice suddenly speaks up, but it is clear enough for F1 to hear.

F1 stops her broom's flight and looks around warily.

???: So we've been forgotten. So we've been forgotten.

F1: You're...who are you?

Fairy: We are the fragments of the digital world.

Fairy: We are the fragments of the scenery, and of these poems.

Fairy: Have we been forgotten? Have the fairies of the poem been forgotten?

F1: (They keep talking about being forgotten... Did someone important forget them?)

There seems to be something among the shadows of the trees.

It is tiny, almost ephemeral, yet there is definitely something there.

Fairy: Forgotten. The most important thing was forgotten.

F1: (Is she waiting for someone...?)

F1: (But I seem to be the only person in this place.)

F1: Ummm...how about this?! This is Halloween candy. I was going to give it to the Commander after the event, but I'll give it to you guys first. I've still got a lot!

F1: I mean, you're waiting for someone, right? It would be bad if you went hungry while waiting.

F1: I'm going to continue looking for inspiration! See you, little fairies!

...

F1 bids the fairies farewell, but the strange feeling grows within her, consuming her neural cloud.

F1: For some reason...

F1 passes through a stretch of trees.

F1: All of these...

F1 stands before a ruined battlefield.

F1: Feel like places...

F1 treads through wave after wave at the seaside, looking at the unrealistically blue sky of this digital world.

F1: ...That I've visited before!

F1: It really brings back memories. I didn't think that I'd been through so much war and experienced so much joy and sorrow.

F1: (Pauses) Forgotten... Did they mean that I'd forgotten these scenes?

???: You still don't remember. Still don't remember.

At some point, the tiny fairies have gathered around F1 again.

F1: What a disappointment... So they're all sights I've seen before, how boring...

F1: How am I supposed to write a new poem now!

Fairy: Why do you write poems?

Fairy: Why do you write poems?

F1: It's because I love it, of course!

F1: I may be small, but I'm a poet!

F1: Although nobody really reads the poems I write, and I've never shown them to the Commander before...

Fairy: Then.

Fairy: Why are you going on an adventure?

F1: To write a new poem, of course!

F1: —Ehhhh?

Fairy: Do you remember? Do you remember?

F1: In the first place... I went on adventures because I liked them...

F1: Are you trying to tell me that this is what I've forgotten?

Fairy: Do you remember? Do you remember?

F1 sits down by the beach and hugs her knees.

F1: Now that I think about it... It seems like for a very long time, I went adventuring just for the sake of creating new work...

F1: But I really do like being creative, and I also like adventuring very much, so I was always excited every time I went out on missions!

F1: After all, they were all new and precious experiences!

F1: Because I'm not just a poet, but a bona fide explorer too.

Fairy: You remembered♪

Fairy: You remembered it all♪

F1: I'm not like the elite Dolls at the base who keep pondering the meaning of their existence... I wouldn't be able to figure that out no matter how hard I thought about it.

F1: Hm...to me, it's just that I want to know about everything in the world, and I want to write them all down with my own hands. Who knows, perhaps far in the future, someone will pass on my poems!

F1: I don't want to let the two things I love so much become fixed rules, like how we need new outfits at Halloween...

Fairy: Writing is joyful♪

Fairy: Adventuring is joyful too♪

F1: You guys were right...

F1: I lost my way... Yeah! Thank you all! It feels like my thoughts and vision have suddenly opened up!

F1: That's how it should be after all. I'm happiest when I want to write poems and understand this world!

F1 is about to continue her happy conversation with the fairies when several rays of unusual light suddenly shoot out of the sky in the cyberspace.

Fairy: Are you going back? You have to go back.

F1: Hm? I suppose that means...my friends from the base have come to take me home...

F1: In any case, this was a rare opportunity. It seems all this was the physical incarnation of my anthology.

F1: Though the scenery was familiar, I'm grateful to you for letting me experience something new!

F1: It's truly farewell this time! Goodbye, little fairies...

...Late at night, after the incident is wrapped up.

At the Griffin Café.

Just like the previous Halloweens, I finally drag my tired body into the Café.

Commander: Is this some kind of curse... Am I doomed to run into some spooky stuff every Halloween...

Commander: —Huh? Is that F1?

In the distance, I see F1 sitting at the counter. She looks like she's writing something.

After F1 sees me, she waves to me and pats the seat beside her.

Commander: So you dressed up as a little witch for Halloween this year.

Commander: —Didn't you say this sort of thing wasn't important?

F1: Humph, you've been dying to say that, haven't you?

Commander: Nope.

Commander: So, what have you been writing all this time, F1? I know you've always been writing poems, but I've only seen a few lines of them.

F1: Hmm... Well, about that, there was originally a good chance tonight for you to appreciate my poetry, Commander.

Commander: Eh? Am I really that lucky?!

Commander: —Wait a minute, did you say "originally"?

F1: Yup.

F1: Which is to say, you've already missed that good chance.

Commander: But-but I don't even know what happened...

Commander: Dammit!

F1 covers her mouth and giggles.

Commander: Don't you think it's a shame, F1?

F1: What do you mean?

Commander: Well, if you ask me...

Commander: Most people would want their creations to be seen by others, right?

F1: I do want everyone to read and understand the poems I write.

Commander: (Excited) Really? Then you can come show them to me anytime!

F1: (Laughs) Hmm~ nope.

F1: For starters, there needs to be a sense of formality about the whole thing.

F1: Besides, I'm not really that broken up over the fact that you missed this chance. After all, there'll be others; splendid, shining, one-in-a-million chances!

Commander: That's really mature of you, F1.

Commander: Quite a few of the girls on the base would be bawling if they knew they'd missed their chance...

F1: Perhaps... But perhaps that's also because I feel that some things aren't really that important.

Commander: Hm?

F1: I found an answer tonight, and it was a way out of something that had started bothering me before I realized it.

Commander: Sounds like a good thing.

F1: It is!

F1: I think the most important thing is the feelings I have when I write my verse. Even if I can't share them with you, Commander, they have most definitely existed.

F1: And I know that they will always exist, in different ways... I won't forget those moments.

Commander: It sounds like you went through something very interesting and important tonight.

F1: (Laughs) It is Halloween, after all, so anything can happen, right?

Commander: Yes...it is Halloween, after all...

...

In the end, F1 never showed me the poem she was writing, even after Halloween ended.

While I personally feel it was a shame, it also means that I'm looking forward to the next "one-in-a-million chance".

F1 seems even more independent after that. At the same time, she also grows happier and happier every day.

I don't know if I'm just imagining things, but I suppose it's a good thing...