We've finally arrived at the beach. At that time, I was still oblivious to how things would soon take a dangerous turn.

The sun, the sand, and the gleaming sea — everything seemed so peaceful.

Except for...

FAL: Ahahahahaha—

Just as I think I can breathe a sigh of relief, FAL bursts into laughter from where she's standing beside me. Naturally, I'm startled.

Commander: What, what's the matter, FAL?

FAL: Don't you feel happy, Commander?

Commander: Oh, I am happy...but I didn't expect that I'd still have to make a bunch of headache-inducing choices even on vacation.

FAL: Well, life's about facing choices all the time.

Commander: There it is! FAL's actually spouting philosophy!

FAL: You ought to put your airs aside and listen to your T-Dolls' advice from time to time.

Commander: That's the last thing I want to hear from you...

FAL: Well, this is a hard-earned holiday. ♪

FAL: So don't be so uptight, Commander—

Commander: Speaking of which, I've had this feeling all day, but...FAL, you're in higher spirits than usual, aren't you?

Commander: (Or rather, you're kind of like Mosin when she's had too much to drink...)

FAL: Bien sûr, heeheehee!

Commander: (I've never seen FAL laugh like that before...)

FAL: At long last, an occasion where she isn't following me around. I've finally got the chance to do whatever the hell I want.

FAL: This is a true vacation, Commander!

As if she's received a blessing from Heaven, FAL roars in laughter, causing her entire body to convulse violently in her swim ring and splashing water square in my face.

Still, I can't bring myself to get the slightest bit angry as I watch her. All I can do is hold onto her swim ring lest she get carried away and dump herself into the sea.

Commander: While I don't know what you're getting at... Seeing you so happy proves that coming to the beach was the right decision.

FAL: Hehe, it's definitely praiseworthy, Commander~

While I'm exchanging idle banter with FAL, Gr G36 arrives with a smile, bearing frozen treats.

I take them and turned around to find that FAL is staring at the iced drink in my hand, which gleams with a mysterious light.

Commander: Here, want to try some?

FAL: Okay...

FAL: Eh, it's so cold!

Commander: That's why they call it an "iced drink".

Commander: The sun, the beach, the biki — ah, no, that would be ice cream — all these are standard fare for a holiday.

FAL gingerly tries a mouthful, and then...

FAL: Ahhhhhh Commander this-this-this!

Commander: That's right! It's tasty!

FAL: It's a "blind spot"!

Commander: I know, right... Uh, wait, what?

FAL: This is a blind spot in my sense of taste.

FAL: Therefore, I'm naming it the "Blind Spot"!

FAL: What do you think, Commander? It's super classy now, isn't it?

Commander: (...Not in the least.)

FAL: I didn't think Gr G36 could actually make desserts! Gr G36's place in my heart has now surpassed Springfield's!

FAL: I need to strengthen my relationship with her once I get back to Griffin...

FAL: (Mutters) Hmm, I need to hide Gr G36 away after I go back. I mustn't let Five-seven find out about the "blind spot".

Commander: (For some reason I thought I heard someone's name being mentioned; was I mistaken?)

Commander: That said, it's true that the Café usually doesn't provide iced drinks.

Commander: Still...so that's a blind spot...

FAL: Commander, have you been to the seaside before?

Commander: Huh? That came out of nowhere. I guess I've been there before...

FAL: Moi, this is my first time looking at the sea.

FAL's expression softens tremendously, to the point where...it seems a little tender.

FAL: While I know many T-Dolls haven't been to the sea before, including the ones in my team... Hmm.

FAL: Still, all this is still just too new to me...

FAL: It's not like going on a new operation, all of this... I'm not experienced with it.

This is the first time I've seen FAL reveal her feelings of "helplessness", and I'm suddenly at a bit of a loss as to how to respond.

FAL: But today, I got to see the ocean and have some "blind spot". It's all so wonderful.

FAL: It's great that I got to experience such interesting things and make it so that they're no longer "blind spots" in my experiences.

FAL: To me, being able to know all this makes me very happy.

Commander: So you're happy just seeing the sea?

FAL: When T-Dolls are rolled out of the factory, they're programmed with certain objectives and they have to complete certain missions.

FAL: But today, I can aimlessly while away an entire summer day — and without Five-seven around! — so what could be happier than that?

Commander: (Mutters) So it wasn't helplessness after all...

Commander: Also, did I hear someone's name again just now...

FAL: Hmm? Did you say something, Commander?

Commander: Ah, it's nothing, it's nothing.

Commander: On the other hand, I learned today that you're the sort of T-Doll who likes to explore the unknown, FAL.

FAL: Well, I am elite, after all.

Commander: ...FAL, you ought to reply with something more sentimental at a time like this.

FAL: Ah? Is that so? Then let's start over from the beginning, Commander—

Looking back on it all, I can't help but feel the deepest shame for my carelessness.

While FAL and I were performing our double act, neither of us realized that something was happening beneath the placid ocean surface.

Neither of us had expected that a hand...

FAL: Whoaaaaa! What's this?!!!

As FAL glances over to the side, she is so startled she almost jumps right out of her swim ring — and since I'm just an ordinary human being, I just stand there like a statue in the water — as if I was not afraid at all.

AN-94 head emerges from the water close to where FAL's hand has been dangling. She reaches slowly toward FAL with a blank look on her face.

Commander: ...

AN-94: ...

FAL: (Screams) W-w-w-what are you doing?!!!

Shocked, FAL reflexively takes a defensive stance — and raises her gun without thinking.

The moment AN-94 sees FAL raising her weapon, she also pulls out a gun of her own out of nowhere.

With their muzzles pointed at each other, it looks like they're going to pull their triggers any second.

Commander: (Oh no... FAL only brought her water gun today...)

Commander: (And there's no way that pair from DEFY would carry toy guns with them!)

There's little time for me to act—

Or rather, I only have an instant.

In addition, I'm just an ordinary human commander. What can I do to stop these two heavily-armed, elite T-Dolls who are probably not willing to settle this misunderstanding through communication?

And so—

FAL: Commander glub glub blub blub blub blub... (Coughs)

—I tackle FAL into the water.

As FAL falls into the sea, I notice out of the corner of my eye that the underwater AN-94 seems to have...swiftly stroked Fel the ferret before hastily swimming away.

FAL: What are you doing, Commander?! I almost got water in my slushie!

FAL: And what was that just now?! Th-th-there was a hand—

Commander: —It was a sea monster!

FAL: ...Hah?

Commander: It was very dangerous! So I'm sorry for pushing you down just now!

FAL: Ah, non, Commander, if it really was a sea monster, then wouldn't tackling me into the water have been more dangerous?

FAL: Also, didn't I just see that sea monster take out a gun...

Commander: —Ahahaha, then maybe we were both mistaken!

Commander: How could there possibly be a sea monster here, it was probably just a huge mass of seaweed swept up by the waves, haha...

FAL stares at me for a while.

FAL: ...Forget it. Though it seems a little suspicious, I believe that you're not deliberately messing with me.

Commander: (I-Is she letting it go...?)

FAL puts me out of her head and devotes all her attention to sampling the iced drink in her hands.

Just then, several people from the beach start shouting for me. After letting FAL know, I head over.

...

When I think back on the matter, I get the feeling that I had missed something because I had been careless in my observations.

However, I would probably never know what it was.

...At the same time, on the sea.

FAL lies on her swim ring, splashing around and sipping her drink. She turns to look at Fel the ferret.

FAL: You saw that gun too, didn't you, Fel?

The ferret tilts its head, but does not speak.

FAL: Therefore, regardless of what it was, the Commander saved me back then...

FAL: While the whole thing seems a little dumb when you look at it, the Commander looked pretty cool just now, don't you think?

FAL: Hehe, when I go back to Griffin, I'm going to show off to Five-seven. ♪ She hasn't been jumped onto by the Commander yet, so I've got one up on her now, muahahaha—

Commander: So that's what you're happy about...

Commander: You're surprisingly candid every now and then, FAL...