8 am, December 24th. Griffin Control.

Kalin: Morning, Commander!

Commander: You're early today, Kalin... A mission?

Kalin: Heheh, chill!

Kalin: Miss Springfield asked me to remind you about the Christmas preparations.

Kalin: Do you remember what you have to do, Commander?

Commander: Check the progress of the preparations and find someone to help deal with any unexpected situations.

Commander: Don't worry. As a commander, I won't slack off even during the holidays.

Kalin: Haha, you seem to be in high spirits. I guess I have no reason to worry!

Kalin: Then you'd better get started. The sooner you finish you work, the sooner you can enjoy this special occasion~

After receiving Springfield's event proposal last night, I've already decided on whom to pick as my bouncer.

I head towards the dorm where Squad FAL lives.

Commander: Good morning, FAL.

FAL: Oh, Commander... What brings you here so early in the morning?

FAL: Just telling you, my schedule is full today.

FAL: If it's some last-minute mission, give it to other squad members.

Commander: But you'll be attending the ball tonight, right?

FAL: Oh? So are you inviting me to be your partner?

FAL: Your taste seems to have improved immensely, Commander.

FAL: Since you're inviting me so gallantly, I'll give it a thought...

Commander: Uh...Um, hold it, FAL. Listen...

I briefly explain my reason for dropping in.

FAL: Quoi? Asking me to work at a time like this?

FAL: I'm so wrong about you, Commander.

Commander: Only because you're the best choice.

Commander: You're good at dealing with emergencies. This job requires some improvising, so I'll rest easy if you take it.

FAL: Humph, quite the silver tongue, aren't you.

FAL: Still, I'm not working for nothing... So, how are you gonna repay me?

Commander: It's not an official operation, so you won't get paid...

Commander: Is it okay if I grant you a wish that's within my ability?

FAL: Then come shopping with me.

Commander: Is that it?

FAL: Oui.

FAL: Easy, right?

Commander: ...You're an absolute angel, FAL.

FAL: Leave that boot-licking till we're out, Commander.

FAL: Give me a sec.

FAL turns and gets back to her dorm.

Ten minutes later.

FAL comes out in a Christmassy dress.

Commander: It suits you, FAL.

FAL: Bien sur, my taste is exceptional among T-Dolls.

FAL: Let's go then.

Commander: ...Huh?

FAL: What are you spacing out for?

FAL: We're going shopping now. The shopping list isn't gonna cross itself out.

Commander: But...FAL, I can't leave NOW!

FAL: What?

FAL: So you're already regretting the promise you just made?!

FAL's face darkens.

Commander: I still have some preparation work to do, so...

FAL: ...Is that so.

FAL: It's quite cold today. I don't feel like heading out anyway.

FAL: Talk to 57 about the mission. She just might help you out.

Commander: I'm really sorry, FAL!

Commander: I'll finish my job really quickly and we'll go shopping together in the afternoon, okay?

FAL stares at me coldly.

Commander: Trust me! I won't go back on my word!

FAL: Fine. Don't make me wait too long.

That afternoon.

I pant heavily as I follow FAL, carrying a bunch of paper bags.

Commander: H-Hold up...

Commander: FAL, you're walking too...too fast!

FAL: All the shops will be closed if we don't hurry.

FAL: We're still missing one-third of the items on the list.

Commander: It's already been three hours...

Commander: Can't we just take...take a rest?

FAL: It's entirely your fault for messing up my plans.

FAL: You have no one but yourself to blame, so you'd better give it all you've got to make up for it.

FAL prances into the mall.

FAL: Now, where should we go next...

FAL cheerfully studies the mall directory,

While I can only silently pray for this hellish shopping spree to end soon...

4 pm.

After putting everything FAL has bought into her room, I all but collapse onto the chair.

FAL: So tired after just a few hours of shopping, Commander...?

FAL: Looks like you lack exercise. You should train harder.

Commander: Don't compare a human's stamina to a T-Doll's.

Commander: Besides, shopping is much more exhausting than I thought...

FAL: Only because you didn't enjoy it.

FAL: If you buy something for yourself, you won't feel so tired. Like so...

FAL fishes out a Christmas hat from her shopping and puts it on my head.

Commander: What's this?

FAL: Fitting apparel for festivities.

FAL: It's a treat for shopping with me. Accept it gratefully.

Commander: Thanks, FAL...

Commander: My motivation is back again all of a sudden.

FAL: Then our goal is a perfect Christmas. Let's work hard together, Commander.

Commander: You'll be there at the ball tonight, right?

FAL: Bien sur. I'd never miss an occasion to show off my exquisite taste.

Commander: How about a dance with me?

After a brief moment of surprise, FAL's lips curl up into a small smile.

FAL: C'est ma plaisir.