...

Fr FAMAS: There are always people who aren't willing to get down to business.

Fr FAMAS: A ghost story contest?

Fr FAMAS: What are they thinking? Have they finished all their tasks yet?

...Fr FAMAS paces back and forth in front of the door to the command room.

Fr FAMAS: I can't tolerate this any further.

Fr FAMAS: If nobody steps in, they'll end up affecting others, given their noisy ways.

Fr FAMAS: Choosing to be tolerant here would be a harmful course of action.

Fr FAMAS: ...!

...Fr FAMAS stops in her tracks.

Fr FAMAS: ...Alright, let's do this.

Commander: Fr FAMAS?

Commander: What are you doing in front of my door?

Fr FAMAS: ...

Commander: Er... Did I startle you?

Fr FAMAS: Commander, suddenly calling out to someone from behind them is very dangerous.

Commander: I know that, so could you please point your muzzle away?

Commander: I spilled the cup noodles that I just made.

Fr FAMAS: ...

Fr FAMAS: (Sighs)

Commander: Why the sigh?

Commander: The Fr FAMAS I know wouldn't suddenly show up at my doorstep and start sighing just as suddenly.

Commander: Did something weird happen?

Fr FAMAS: It's just...it's about my colleagues.

Fr FAMAS: I'm kind of bothered by them.

Commander: Ah, I'm glad I'm not the only one.

Fr FAMAS: So you did feel the same way, Commander.

Commander: I mean, food expenses have been going up recently, so how can I get everyone to eat less...

Fr FAMAS: That's not what I meant.

Commander: Huh? Isn't that the most serious problem we're facing?

Fr FAMAS: Haven't you found any issues with their work and discipline, Commander?

Commander: Those should be okay, right?

Commander: Everyone completes the tasks I assign them, there's nothing for me to complain about.

Fr FAMAS: But they...they often do a lot of incomprehensible things...

Commander: Well, someone did blow up some household appliances a while back, but at least this year has been surprisingly uneventful.

Commander: I'm just thankful that nobody's gotten the idea of taking this chance to do something scary.

Fr FAMAS: ...Is that really so?

Commander: Hm?

Commander: You mentioned that something was bothering you just now, does it have something to do with this?

Fr FAMAS: Uh...

Fr FAMAS: No...not really, it's just that they...

Fr FAMAS: What I mean is... The people who cause big incidents rarely give any prior warning.

Commander: You're right to say that.

Commander: However, I believe that given how everyone usually is, they'll at least give me a head's-up before they try to destroy the world.

Commander: ...

Commander: You're not going to destroy the world, are you?

Fr FAMAS: Of course not! What are you thinking...

Fr FAMAS: I was simply hoping that you would take the potential wild cards around you more seriously.

Commander: ...Since you've said so, I'll keep an eye out for them.

Fr FAMAS: ...That concludes my report.

...Fr FAMAS turns to leave.

Commander: Fr FAMAS, is there really nothing else you want to tell me?

Fr FAMAS: Yes, there's nothing else.

Commander: While I don't know what you aren't telling me...

Commander: Something's going to happen if you keep bottling things up inside yourself.

Fr FAMAS: It's nothing.

Fr FAMAS: What could possibly happen...? The thought of it is ridiculous.

...

Fr FAMAS: It's just a ghost story contest... It's not like they're going to blow something up.

Fr FAMAS: I'll just keep an eye on them for now...

Fr FAMAS: If things really do drag on until it affects the progress of our work or it leads to an incident, it won't be too late to take care of them then...

...

MDR: The fearsome hemorrhagic fever spreads throughout the nation within a very short time...

MDR: To protect himself from this horrific plague, the king builds a massive wall and shuts the city gate.

MDR: The king, his friends, and his family take refuge in the depths of the fortress, but they can still hear the cries over the walls...

MDR: ...And so they start trading stories – just like what we're doing now. That way, they can forget about the pleas for help coming from outside.

S.A.T.8: ...W-What happens then?

Fr FAMAS: Humph, a ghost story contest.

Fr FAMAS: Why would people choose to leave their usual tasks unfinished and gather round to scare each other?

...Fr FAMAS hides herself in the shadows of the warehouse door, secretly observing the discipline of this secret gathering.

...She twists her body around to get a better view of things.

MDR: ...

MDR: Soon, the people in the castle collapse one after the other, blood trickling out from every orifice of their faces...

MDR: Yes, it is Death! Death is upon us! Nobody shall be spared! Hahaha!

Bren: ...I don't find this funny at all.

MDR: What do you think, S.A.T.8? I put a lot of effort into preparing for this, I'd love to hear some feedback from the organizer!

S.A.T.8: Hold on, I-I'm still calibrating... My neural cloud is a little...

S.A.T.8: It...it's Bren's turn next, isn't it? Please get ready...

Fr FAMAS: Aren't they going to stop? S.A.T.8's looking really pale...

Fr FAMAS: No, the fact that S.A.T.8 would even take part in a ghost story contest is very strange in itself.

Fr FAMAS: Whether it's MDR, or the people who thought of this activity...

[...Pzzzt...]

Fr FAMAS: Do they even know the inconvenience that they're causing for others?

[...Pzzzt...]

???: Connection signal synchronization at 119.9%

???: System warning.

Fr FAMAS: How come none of them realize what they've done wrong?

Fr FAMAS: This is intolerable—

???: Warning, functional abnormality detected, please shut down the terminal immediately—

???: Warning, functional abnor—

...

Fr FAMAS: (Groans)

Fr FAMAS: What happened? Why was there a sudden burst of light?

Fr FAMAS: MDR must have done something again—

Fr FAMAS: Huh?

Fr FAMAS: Where's the warehouse...and everyone else?

Fr FAMAS: Where is this place?

...Fr FAMAS looks around, and she soon realizes where she is.

Fr FAMAS: Is this cyberspace?

Fr FAMAS: How did I get into cyberspace?

Fr FAMAS: Commander, this is Fr FAMAS, if you can receive this, please respond.

...

Fr FAMAS: ...If anyone can receive this, please respond.

Fr FAMAS: ...If this is cyberspace, then why can't I contact anyone?

???: That's because this isn't an ordinary digital realm.

Fr FAMAS: Who said that?

???: Relax, my lady.

Fr FAMAS: Enough fooling around, who are you and where are you hiding?

???: I am Fr FAMAS. I am you.

Fr FAMAS: This isn't funny at all.

Fr FAMAS?: Yes, it is a very serious matter.

Fr FAMAS?: We can finally meet each other face to face.

Fr FAMAS: Shut up, I don't recall having a sarcastic Dummy like you.

Fr FAMAS: And you're nothing more than a voice.

Fr FAMAS?: A Dummy?

Fr FAMAS?: No...

Fr FAMAS?: I am more...complete than you.

[...Pzzzt...]

Fr FAMAS?: I am...you.

Fr FAMAS?: ...A more genuine version of you.

[...Pzzzzzzzt...]

Fr FAMAS: What?

The data of the electronic world and a mass of rubbish code merge together and slowly take the form of a Doll.

...The Doll gains distinct features, and finally a distinct appearance.

Fr FAMAS: What is this?

Fr FAMAS: Who...what are you?

Fr FAMAS?: I am...the most honest side of you.

Fr FAMAS: You must be kidding. You don't even have shoes, how could you possibly be me?

Fr FAMAS?: They aren't needed in this place.

Fr FAMAS?: They are...useless to achieving our objective. Many things are.

Fr FAMAS: What objective? What do you want to do?

Fr FAMAS?: Ask your neural cloud, it's not like you don't know.

Fr FAMAS?: This digital world has given me...no, given you this opportunity to do what you have always wanted.

Fr FAMAS: ...

Fr FAMAS: It's true that I wanted my noisy colleagues to behave themselves, but I don't need cyberspace assistance to do it.

Fr FAMAS?: You would be unable to do anything without this digital world.

Fr FAMAS?: You didn't even dare complain to the Commander about the people you dislike.

Fr FAMAS: I was just...keeping my opinions on others to myself.

Fr FAMAS?: But your heart longed to do something more concrete, which is why I showed up here.

Fr FAMAS?: My appearance and my aims are all to make you a better person.

Fr FAMAS: Enough nonsense! Get lost right now, you pumpkin monster! It was never my intention to celebrate Halloween.

Pumpkin Monster: "Pumpkin Monster"... So that's all I am to you. What a joke.

Pumpkin Monster: But running away won't solve your problems, just as choosing tolerance is harmful.

Pumpkin Monster: I don't expect you to join me, but I'm sure you will be grateful for everything I've done for you.

Fr FAMAS: I don't care what you're scheming! I don't need you to do anything for me!

Pumpkin Monster: I'm not just helping you. Griffin has never needed immature neural clouds.

Pumpkin Monster: The signal generated by your emotional responses and the damaged terminal together generated this realm. It is perfect for dealing with them.

Fr FAMAS: Dealing with them? What do you plan to do to the others? Where's everyone?!

Pumpkin Monster: Some of them have come in with you, but don't worry, you'll be able to leave very soon.

Pumpkin Monster: As soon as I bring in that person who isn't here, but who most deserves to be.

Fr FAMAS: MDR's still outside...

Pumpkin Monster: She's clearly the person who most deserves to be locked in here forever, but she's still looking for a way to get you back.

Pumpkin Monster: Why is the perpetrator playing the innocent?

Fr FAMAS: Don't move!

Fr FAMAS: I'll shoot, even if you look just like me!

Pumpkin Monster: Can you do that?

Fr FAMAS: Of course. It's easier to be harsh on myself than to take my anger out on others.

Pumpkin Monster: Yes, which is why you've been repressing yourself over and over, creating this realm, creating me.

Pumpkin Monster: You're still not ready to deal with this side of yourself, are you?

Fr FAMAS: I'll find a way to do that someday, but this isn't the time.

Fr FAMAS: In order to reach that future, I'll have to take care of you first.

Pumpkin Monster: How touching. Why don't you give it a try, then?

Fr FAMAS: Stop running your mouth—

Bang.

The bullet strikes the other Fr FAMAS square in the center of the chest.

Fr FAMAS: ...!!

Pumpkin Monster: I trust you understand now?

Fr FAMAS: You...what is this?

...A wound identical to that on the other Fr FAMAS appears on Fr FAMAS' own chest.

Pumpkin Monster: I am Fr FAMAS. I AM you.

Pumpkin Monster: The two of us use the same data in this digital world. You should know what that implies.

Fr FAMAS: (Groans)

Pumpkin Monster: Are you willing to accept my existence now?

Pumpkin Monster: Are you willing to accept the fact that... "I am the voice of your heart"?

Fr FAMAS: Where do you get off acting so high and mighty? All you know is a bunch of things I didn't want to tell others.

Fr FAMAS: The voice of my heart isn't anything like you!

Pumpkin Monster: You truly are incomprehensible.

Pumpkin Monster: No matter. Perhaps all you need is some quiet time.

Pumpkin Monster: I can help you, my dear, even if you don't want it...

...The Pumpkin Monster snaps her fingers and a large hole appears under Fr FAMAS' feet.

Pumpkin Monster: Once you calm down, you'll realize that all this is for your good.

Fr FAMAS: Wait, wait! You—

...Fr FAMAS falls into the hole beneath her feet.

...

Commander: While I don't know what you aren't telling me...

Commander: Something's going to happen if you keep bottling things up inside yourself.

Fr FAMAS: It's nothing.

Fr FAMAS: What could possibly happen...? The thought of it is ridiculous.

Pumpkin Monster: But your heart longed to do something more concrete, which is why I showed up here.

Pumpkin Monster: My appearance and my aims are all to make you a better person.

Pumpkin Monster: Yes, which is why you've been repressing yourself over and over, creating this realm, creating me.

Fr FAMAS: What am I...

...

Fr FAMAS: (Groan)

Fr FAMAS picks herself up. The Pumpkin Monster is gone, leaving only an electronic ocean before her.

Fr FAMAS: A digital sea...

Fr FAMAS: Have I been flung to the edges of this cyberspace?

Fr FAMAS: Huh...gunshots?

...The sound of intermittent gunfire comes from the distance, accompanied by indistinct yet familiar shouts.

Bren: S.A.T.8, behind you!

S.A.T.8: Oh...crap!

Fr FAMAS: Bren! S.A.T.8! Where are you?!

Fr FAMAS: Do you copy?!

...

There is no response.

The sound of gunfire steadily grows more distant.

Fr FAMAS: If I had told the Commander ahead of time that they were secretly planning an activity like this...

Fr FAMAS: Would the Commander have intervened and cancelled it?

Fr FAMAS: This way, they wouldn't have been.....

Fr FAMAS: ...

Fr FAMAS: You win! You hear that, Pumpkin Monster?!

Fr FAMAS: It's all my fault! That should do, right?!

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: ...Your fault?

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: It seems you haven't grasped the point yet.

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: Don't get it wrong. We are not to blame for this matter.

Fr FAMAS: I never once told the others that their ruckus bothered me.

Fr FAMAS: If they knew, they would have reined themselves in a little...

Fr FAMAS: I admit that I really don't like those rowdy colleagues of mine, but that doesn't mean I wanted them to suffer!

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: Well, that's a surprise. Is it really me who's saying all this?

Fr FAMAS: I admit it, you win!

Fr FAMAS: So please...stop...

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: Still, even if you understand that fact, what has that got to do with our aim?

Fr FAMAS: But didn't you say—

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: Their rudeness must be punished.

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: It is good that you understand the meaning behind it. You should be glad!

Fr FAMAS: No! Stop now!

Fr FAMAS: If you don't stop, I'll tear you to shreds—

Fr FAMAS: I'll tear you to bits—

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: Our data is one and the same. Consider the consequences.

Fr FAMAS: (Sniffles)

Fr FAMAS: In the end...

Fr FAMAS: ...

Fr FAMAS: I was the potential wild card, Commander...

...Fr FAMAS gazes at the boundless digital sea.

Fr FAMAS: Our data...is one and the same...

Fr FAMAS: ...

Fr FAMAS: That means...

...Fr FAMAS begins walking towards the water.

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: Wait, what are you doing?

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: If we fall off the edge of this digital world, our data might be lost, or worse, we might even be deleted!

Fr FAMAS: ...

The water of the digital sea rises over Fr FAMAS' waist.

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: Ha, I get it now. In the end, you're still choosing to run away, Fr FAMAS.

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: You want to sacrifice yourself to save the colleagues you hate?

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: But it's all wasted effort, because you can't truly destroy me—

...The water of the electronic ocean rises over Fr FAMAS' face.

Fr FAMAS feels herself falling downwards.

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: You and I are...

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: Two sides of the same coin.

Voice of the Pumpkin Monster: As long as you keep going on like this, I will return to face you again someday.

That's fine...

I simply want to get rid of someone despicable anyway... Just following your suggestion here.

...

Fr FAMAS feels herself falling into the bottomless depths beneath the sea.

...After that, how much worse can things possibly get?

...Amidst her endless descent, she loses consciousness.

Until...

...After the event.

...

Commander: Huh?

Commander: Hm?

Commander: Ah?

Commander: Who are you?

Fr FAMAS: ...I'm Fr FAMAS.

Commander: I guessed as much, but I thought you weren't the type who celebrated Halloween...

Fr FAMAS: I have never done this before, nor will I do it again. I suppose...

Fr FAMAS: This time... I simply had no choice but to take part.

Commander: Is that so? Then I'll take it as some kind of Halloween costume party I didn't know about.

Commander: (Mutters) But why aren't you wearing shoes...

Fr FAMAS: I don't know why either, but since my other self wanted to dress up this way, I suppose I should just go with it?

Commander: Your "other self"? Did I.O.P. install some kind of character design upgrade patch or something into you?

Commander: Also, where did you get this outfit?

Fr FAMAS: I came across it in a warehouse several days ago. I don't know who made it, but it fit very well.

Fr FAMAS: After that, this outfit ended up getting involved with a lot of things...

Fr FAMAS: In any case, once I returned to reality, I found it again, and it became what it is now.

Commander: I'm getting a headache... I don't quite understand what you're saying...

Commander: In any case, these clothes aren't yours, right? I'm not criticizing you, but this really isn't your style.

Fr FAMAS: Today is Halloween, so anything can happen, right?

Fr FAMAS: For today, just for today, I wanted to see what it would feel like to do something different.

Fr FAMAS: If I kept on doing the same thing, I don't know what I'd become...

Fr FAMAS: No, perhaps I already know, because she already showed me...

Commander: Hah... Sounds like you went on a long journey and made a new friend.

Fr FAMAS: A new friend... I guess you could call her that.

Fr FAMAS: Thanks to her, I now know that there are things I need to bravely face head-on.

Commander: Does that include what you told me earlier...about your colleagues?

Fr FAMAS: While I can already do what I couldn't do in the past; my thoughts from back then are outdated now.

Fr FAMAS: You don't need to worry about me, Commander.

Fr FAMAS: Next time, if I've got anything on my mind, I'll tell you directly.

Fr FAMAS: ...

Fr FAMAS: People are too distant from others. Even having a conversation with yourself requires going down a long, long road.

Fr FAMAS: But as long as you leave your starting point, a lot of problems stop being problems.

Fr FAMAS: Isn't that right, Pumpkin Monster?