Griffin Control.

Five-seven: Understood, Commander.

Five-seven: So the wedding dress shoot will be a publicity stunt for Griffin and IOP... It looks like this will be quite interesting.

Commander: You seem to be very excited...

Five-seven: Surprised?

Commander: I didn't think Tactical Dolls would be interested in this sort of work.

Five-seven: We're still girls outside of combat, you know.

Five-seven: And as company employees, we don't exactly have a choice in the missions we take on, do we?

Commander: ...You do have a point.

Five-seven: Oh, by the way...could you clarify a small detail of the mission for me, Commander?

Five-seven: Has the client specified what we'll wear for the shoot?

Commander: Ah...you can pick anything from the dress store.

Commander: They didn't specify any particular styles, so that part is up to us.

Five-seven: Then how about I assist you in picking out the dresses, Commander?

Commander: Sure thing. I'm not too sure on what kind of clothing everyone likes.

Commander: I'm sure that you'd understand a Doll's interest better than I do, Five-seven.

Five-seven: But of course. I'm quite confident in my judgement.

Commander: We'll be picking out the dresses the day after tomorrow.

Commander: I'll be counting on you, Five-seven.

Five-seven: You got it, Commander.

Five-seven: I'll be sure to pick out the most fabulous dresses for everyone.

Two days later.

Five-seven and I are at the photo studio building, picking out the outfits for everyone.

Commander: We've already been here for three hours...

Commander: I didn't expect it to take this long... My eyeballs are so dry they're shrivelling up into raisins.

Five-seven: It is the outfit for the most important day of a person's life, after all.

Five-seven: Since we're only doing it for an ad shoot, we only need to pick out one dress.

Five-seven: If it's a real wedding then we'd need five different outfits per person according to this studio's policy.

Commander: You sure know a lot about this, don't you?

Five-seven: I simply did a little bit of research.

Five-seven: You've got to do your homework before carrying out your mission.

Commander: Guess I've underestimated the difficulty here.

Five-seven: Don't worry, we're almost done.

Five-seven: These are my final choices, Commander, what do you think?

Commander: Let see...

Commander: Hm, these look fine. I have no objections.

Commander: Your help is much appreciated, Five-seven. You've got a real eye for elegance.

Five-seven: Hehe, I'm the best at what I do.

Commander: But it seems like...we're missing one.

Five-seven: Mine isn't here.

Commander: Huh?

Five-seven: I want to surprise you on the day of the shoot.

Five-seven: Can you leave mine out of the inspection?

Commander: Oh...alright. I look forward to it.

Five-seven: Thanks! I promise you won't regret it!

The day of the photo shoot.

???: Commander...

Commander: ...

???: Commander, wake up...

???: It's time to wake up!

Commander: Ugh...ah?!

Commander: ...Five-seven?

I rub my sleepy eyes to see a girl in a pure white dress standing before me.

Five-seven: It's me, Commander.

Five-seven: How can you sleep in a place like this? You'll catch a cold.

Commander: Sorry...I was up too early today.

Commander: Is the sun up?

Five-seven: The sun is up and shining bright, Commander.

Five-seven: While it pains me to wake you up when you haven't gotten enough sleep...

Five-seven: The makeup process takes a long time, so please bear with it for today.

Commander: Haha, that's alright.

Commander: I'm already used it since we don't get regular sleep on battle missions, anyway...

Commander: Where are the others?

Five-seven: They're still putting on makeup. I'm the first one to finish.

Five-seven: I made some preparations last night to speed up the process so I would be the first one out.

Five-seven: As promised, here's my wedding dress that I wanted to show off to you first.

Five-seven: So what do you think, Commander?

Commander: It's very beautiful... It definitely suits you.

Five-seven: Hehe, my eye's never mistaken. Now then, Commander... Would you like to watch my photo shoot?

Five-seven: It'll be a while before the others are done.

Commander: Sure, I've never seen a person take wedding photos before.

Five-seven: Never, huh... That's perfect...

Commander: What are you mumbling about, Five-seven?

Five-seven: Nothing, Commander.

Five-seven: This will be a feast for your eyes~

At the photo studio room.

I silently observe the shooting process.

Photographer: Miss, please raise your head a little bit more.

Five-seven: Like this?

Photographer: Look further out into the distance...toward your colleague over there.

Photographer: Yes, perfect! Keep that pose!

Five-seven looks at me with a smile brimming with joy and confidence.

I could not help but feel my heart stir as our eyes meet.

This scene is beautiful enough; there's no need to verify it through the lens to know that it is a flawless work of art.

In this very moment, Five-seven looks just like a flower blossoming proudly as it faces the sun.

Commander: “Hide a flower in a flower field," as they say...

The blooming flowers are no less beautiful than the hidden flower.

And so, today's mission begins amidst the morning sunlight.

I sincerely hope today will be a quiet and peaceful day.