In the darkness, FF FNC covers her mouth nervously as she presses herself silently against the wall.

She can almost hear her own neural cloud whirring. No matter how hard she tries, she just can't make her frantically humming core quiet down.

FF FNC: Quiet... I've got to keep quiet...

FF FNC: I can't get spotted...

???: I know you're there. Come on out.

FF FNC: I'm not here... I'm not here... Just go away!

A set of footsteps echo in the empty space. Occasionally, objects can be heard being lifted then put back onto the shelves.

The other Doll is prowling around, searching for the hiding fugitive.

???: I see that you're determined to hide from me.

???: You even turned off the main switch... But it's no use.

???: I will find you.

FF FNC: As long as I keep quiet, you won't catch me... But this is bad... I can't hold on for much longer...

One step. And another. And yet another. The Doll is getting closer and closer to FF FNC's hiding spot.

???: What. Have. We. Here.

FF FNC: WAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!

???: What, hang on... WHOA!

On the other end of the warehouse.

Stechkin: That was loud; it sounded like a set of shelves have collapsed.

Stechkin: Should we go and check it out? We might see something interesting.

Commander: It is a bit worrying. Let's go.

Makarov's Voice: Thank you for your "concern", Stechkin.

Makarov's Voice: But everything is under control. Give me a moment, Commander.

Commander: Then I'll leave this to you, Makarov.

A short while later, a slightly disheveled Makarov drags a limp FF FNC into the command room.

FF FNC: (Sobs) Commander... I'll confess, please don't hurt me...

Stechkin: Wow, I didn't know you're the type to extract information through torture, Makarov.

Stechkin: That's outrageous. If you give me some hush money now, I might consider keeping this a secret?

Makarov: If Dolls were protected by human laws, I'd sue you for defamation this instant and demand financial compensation for emotional damages.

Commander: Makarov, what happened?

Makarov: ...Just a little accident. I've got it all sorted so don't worry.

Makarov: FF FNC isn't injured either. You may now question her.

FF FNC: (Sobs) I'm sorry, that was me the other day...

FF FNC: I'm...I'm coming clean!

FF FNC: At the party, it-it was me... I did it...

FF FNC: I...(sobs)...was the one who talked M950A into getting the Commander drunk...

M950A: Oh, so back then you were provoking me into drinking with the Commander?

FF FNC: I'm sorry... M950A, it was my fault! B...but...(sobs)...I really didn't stay long inside the Commander's room...

FF FNC: I...(sniffles)...I left right after I dropped off the chocolate...

M950A: So you were the one who put the chocolate on the bedside table?

FF FNC: (Sobs) You wouldn't let go of me and insisted that I listen to your singing, then Zas caught sight of me... I knew my plan was exposed, so I just left the chocolate behind and ran for it...

M950A: ...Really? I don't remember any of this.

Makarov: Was this also you?

Stechkin: Whoa!

Commander: Calm down, FF FNC. Do you know what we're asking you about?

Commander: This couldn't have been you.

FF FNC: Huh...? But it was really me!

FF FNC: Weren't you hunting me down because of this, Makarov?

Stechkin: Well, mystery solved! Now we should start planning FF FNC and the Commander's wedding.

Stechkin: With so many Dolls, you'll receive a huge sum in cash gift, right? Damn, you're gonna rake in a lot of money.

Commander: Hold on, that can't be it! FF FNC, finish your explanation! What on earth did you do?!

FF FNC: Huh? Are we not talking about the chocolate?

A few days ago, in the warehouse.

Zas M21: Ever since the last restock, there have been much fewer new nail polish releases.

Zas M21: Maybe the designer started running out of ideas? Maybe I should try out different product filters... A comms request?

FF FNC: Zas, there are suspicious movements outside the warehouse and it's freaking me out. Can you come?

Zas M21: Suspicious movements? What are you talking about? Are there enemies, or is it just some insect?

FF FNC: I don't know! Come and save me, Zas! I'm too scared to move!

Zas M21: ...Give me a minute. I'll be right there.

FF FNC: I'm counting on you, Zas!

When Zas was halfway there, she received another transmission.

FF FNC: Oh, the strange movements were gone. Thanks, Zas!

Zas M21: What?

Transmission terminated.

Zas M21: That's weird...

Zas muttered to herself and returned to the warehouse. She sat down outside the entrance, but she couldn't shake off this feeling of unease.

Zas M21: No... Something doesn't feel right.

Zas M21: FF FNC wasn't scared. She sounded like she was trying to draw me away from the entrance.

Zas M21: Would she do that? Could she be...

Meanwhile, inside the warehouse.

FF FNC: Well, that was easy. Elite Dolls are nothing special, huh.

FF FNC: Let me see, where are the newest rations stored~?

FF FNC: Judging by the inventory number, they're not on these shelves. Not here either... Oh! Such a strong chocolaty aroma – it's got to be here!

FF FNC stood on her tiptoes and took down several packs of each type of snacks on the storage rack.

FF FNC: So many new flavors! I wanna try them all... Hm, I can just open each pack and taste a bit of everything.

FF FNC: Nobody will find out anyway, and I can mix these into my regular rations...

The warehouse door was flung open all of a sudden.

FF FNC: ...

Zas M21: Stop hiding, FF FNC. I know you're in there.

FF FNC: ...

Zas M21: I can smell the chocolate.

Zas M21: I should've known that you were after the chocolate in the warehouse. Why else would you suddenly ask me for help?

FF FNC: ...

Zas slowly walked up to the storage crate in which FF FNC was hiding.

A second later, FF FNC heard the sound of a rifle being loaded.

Zas M21: Are you really not coming out? Burglary AND resisting capture. I can take you...

FF FNC: The Commander won't do anything to me. I'll just act cute and they'll let me off the hook! I'm not coming out! Only idiots would fall for that!

Zas M21: ...To M870 and FP-6.

FF FNC flinched and jumped up in shock.

All the chocolate she'd taken out of their packaging slid off her skirts and onto the floor in a clatter.

FF FNC: I'm sorry I really shouldn't have done this Zas please don't take me to them I'll answer for my crimes! Please take me to the Commander!

Zas M21: ...You took so much?

FF FNC: It all looks really tasty and I want to try everything...

FF FNC: I only took a single pack of each kind, and I only took a nibble...

Zas M21: This wasn't your first time. Why do you keep doing this?

FF FNC: I just...really love chocolate... Please, Zas! Please don't take me to M870 and FP-6, they'll make my life living hell!

Zas M21: (Sighs) I'll consult the Commander. Is that you, Miss Kalina? This is Zas M21. I caught FF FNC stealing food from the warehouse. The Commander... The Commander has no time for her? I understand. Then I'll follow the standard procedures.

FF FNC: The Commander...has no time for me?

FF FNC concluded her recount.

Commander: That's it?

FF FNC: You'd usually just tell me off a bit, but since you refused to see me... I thought you were thoroughly disappointed in me...

FF FNC: If I didn't do something, you might kick me out of Griffin! S-So I thought I'd be more proactive and tried to find an opportunity to see you...

Commander: Griffin would not sack you just because you stole some snacks...but never mind. So what did you do?

FF FNC: B-But I was scared, okay?

FF FNC: So I told M950A that all outstanding Dolls could hold their liquor; if she couldn't drink the Commander under the table, she didn't deserve to be called an elite Doll...

Makarov: I see. So that's why M950A uncharacteristically got herself so drunk.

FF FNC: That's the only way I'd dare enter the Commander's room... If the Commander were still lucid and started admonishing me, I wouldn't have the courage to apologize... I'm so sorry, Commander...

Commander: That's okay... I suppose.

Commander: So is that all you meant when you said "It was me"?

FF FNC: A-Also...I knew Zas saw me!

FF FNC: Back then, she seized all the chocolate I had nibbled on, but I actually managed to hold onto a pack. I thought if I could hand it over to you, it would prove that I was sincere in my repentance... So while the party was still going on, I snuck into your room and left the chocolate there.

Stechkin: Oh, so you're the one in the ruffled dress that Zas was describing?

Stechkin: Wow, she's really observant.

Makarov: Of course she is, or she wouldn't have caught and punished us...

Stechkin: Humph, I'm always going to remember that.

Stechkin: Still, FF FNC, while I appreciate your honesty, this isn't what we're looking into, you know?

FF FNC: Huh? It's not?

FF FNC: But I heard you're trying to identify the Doll in the Commander's room...

Makarov: We are indeed after that Doll, but all evidence shows that it couldn't have been you.

Makarov: Quite a number of people have entered the Commander's room. At 23.30, when the maintenance on the surveillance system was complete, Stechkin saw this captured on the CCTV.

Makarov takes out a photograph.

It appears to be a still frame taken from a security footage. The resolution isn't the best, but the slender silhouette of a long-haired female is clearly visible through the tightly drawn curtain in the image.

FF FNC: Huh... Don't think I've ever seen her.

Makarov: Did you see anyone with a similar figure in the Commander's room?

FF FNC: Nope, I was alone when I was there in the room.

Makarov: Thank you for your cooperation. This investigation no longer concerns you.

FF FNC: U...Um, Commander?

Commander: Thank you for your help, FF FNC...

FF FNC: ...Nooooo!!

Commander: Huh?

FF FNC: Please don't send me packing! I swear I won't waste all my attention on chocolate anymore! I'll work even harder and be happy with the amount of chocolate I'm assigned! I will never sneak around and steal from the warehouse again just because I want more!

FF FNC: I will also stop pestering Gr G36 in the kitchen into giving me double the chocolate ice cream! I'll even stop taking Howa Type 89's chocolate rations just because she's nice! And I'll stop ordering so much hot chocolate at Springfield's!

Commander: ...

Makarov: ...

Stechkin: What a long list of misdeeds.

FF FNC: I'm so sorry...

Commander: Don't worry, FF FNC. I was just really busy that day. I didn't mean anything by that.

FF FNC: So you don't hate me?

Commander: I don't, but you really need to stop stealing food there. All the resources in our warehouse are carefully organized and allocated. Even if you're only eating out of your own allotment, you could run out of rations on the battlefield, and that could be fatal.

FF FNC: I understand... So you don't hate me! Thank goodness for that!

Commander: I don't hate you, so relax.

FF FNC: I love you, Commander! I'm going to prepare the best surprise for you! Please look forward to it!

Having received a gratifying answer, FF FNC skipped away cheerfully.

The Commander lets out a long sigh before steeling themselves for more of Makarov's and Stechkin's detective shenanigans.

A few days later, I step out of the hall in the evening, completely exhausted.

Though a crisis has been averted, Kar seemed very angry when she left. What can I do to make her understand? Maybe I should go talk to her...if she'd even agree to hear me out...

???: SURPRISE!

Commander: Whoa!

FF FNC: Heheh, what are you thinking about, Commander? You seem really distracted.

Commander: Uh... Nothing too important.

Commander: What are you doing here, FNC... I don't remember seeing your name on the list of today's event?

FF FNC: Heheh, I did promise I'd give you a big surprise!

FF FNC: Cano said there were still a lot of wedding dresses left, so I asked her to pick one with me!

Commander: Oh... Is that so? Well, you look great. This dress suits you.

FF FNC: I'm glad to hear that! Humans wear wedding dresses when they get married, right?

Commander: Indeed. Are you going to marry someone, FF FNC?

FF FNC: I want to marry you, Commander! I'm not talking about an Oath, but actually marriage!

FF FNC: I want to be my dearest Commander's bride and live the rest of my life with you. I will share all my food and all my victories with you – and also lots and lots of chocolate! I'll always let you take the first bite, too!

FF FNC: What do you say, Commander?

Commander: Um... Well...

Commander: I'm curious about something.

FF FNC: What?

Commander: You said you'd let me take the first bite out of everything, but that piece of cake on your plate...

Commander: Haven't you already nibbled on it?

FF FNC: ...

FF FNC: Oh, uh... Well, I couldn't help myself...

FF FNC: The cake is simply too delicious... I'm sorry! I'll get another piece of cake!

She grabs her skirts and runs off in a frenzy. As I watch her retreating figure, I can't help but burst out laughing.

All's well that ends well...I hope?