...In the Griffin base.

Commander: Yes, I understand.

Commander: There's a quota of T-Dolls that can be brought along? ...Alright, I understand. Thank you very much.

I hang up, and then exhale deeply.

After the conclusion of the series of events, I had finally managed to secure a vacation to a far-off destination.

But this might not qualify as a good thing... For instance, I am facing a crisis now.

Gr G36: Guten Morgen, Commander. Why are you standing here?

Commander: Ah, Gr G36...my apologies. I wasn't thinking and ended up walking to the kitchen.

Commander: It's kind of like this...

As though seizing onto a lifeline, I explain my current predicament to Gr G36.

Gr G36: I see... Then how about going to the beach?

Gr G36: I doubt any of us has seen the sea before...at least not like the uncontaminated sea in documentaries. What do you think?

Commander: That does make a lot of sense. There's a quota on how many T-Dolls I can bring along this time round, and I want to invite those who have contributed the most.

Gr G36: A wise decision.

Gr G36: It will also encourage everyone to work harder, which is a good thing.

Commander: I'll need you to help me with the preparation work, Gr G36.

Commander: ...I'm just no good at that sort of thing.

Gr G36: To serve you is my calling. Please leave everything to me.

Gr G36: But before that, I hope you will permit me to make breakfast for everyone.

Gr G36 bows to me, turns, and leaves.

With Gr G36's help, everything goes very smoothly.

The next day, on the beach.

Gr G36: Everyone has arrived, Commander.

Gr G36: First, we'll give everyone some free time, followed by group activities in the evening. The specifics and timeframe of said activities will be left to your discretion or a suggestion from the group.

Gr G36: As for the catering, I will be preparing snacks and iced drinks for everyone as refreshments, while the company will arrange dinner on the plane.

Commander: Thank you for your hard work, Gr G36.

Commander: Do you plan to enjoy some free time yourself?

Commander: (She's changed into a swimsuit, but she doesn't look like she's going to relax...)

Gr G36: Of course not, Commander.

Gr G36: I am here to help. I will continue to provide service so everyone can spend this vacation in comfort.

Commander: Hang on, you were one of the people invited for this holiday. Shouldn't you at least take a break?

Gr G36: What you say makes a lot of sense.

Gr G36: But what shall I do in my free time?

Commander: Hmm... There's sunbathing, swimming, playing beach volleyball, or just about anything else.

Commander: You'll be much more comfortable if you relax, and you'll feel better too...

Gr G36: Indeed, there is much merit in your words.

Gr G36: However, preparing food for everyone will allow me to cool down the T-Dolls from running around under the sun as quickly as possible.

Commander: (But you're going to overheat yourself.)

Gr G36: If I can set up parasols and arrange the venue in time, everyone else can rest more comfortably after they're done with playing.

Gr G36: Some of the T-Dolls present aren't exactly thoughtful, nor do they pay much attention to details, and a maid exists to make up for that shortcoming.

Gr G36: Being able to make everyone happy makes me happy.

Gr G36: ...That, I feel, would make me happier than resting.

Commander: （...To think Gr G36 could actually speak this eloquently!)

Commander: I will respect your wishes, Gr G36, but please don't push yourself too hard.

Commander: Remember that we're here on vacation, so there's no need to be as alert as usual.

Gr G36: Understood, Commander.

Despite her response, I can't sense any sign that she has changed her mind at all.

Still, I can't demand anything of her when she's like this.

If she likes toiling for the sake of others, then I shouldn't deprive her of her pleasures...

I'll let her do what she wants.

But soon, I had to abandon that idea.

P38: Commander, bad news!

Commander: This slushie tastes great. What do you think, Ameli...

Commander: What happened?

P38: R-really bad news... Gr G36 short-circuited!

Commander: ...What?!

I run over with P38. Leaning against the parasol, Gr G36 seems to be in a very bad state.

Commander: Gr G36? Are you alright? Can you hear me?

Gr G36: ...My sincerest apologies to have worried you, Commander.

Gr G36: My signal reception ability is not impeded... It is only my frame that is a little overheated.

Gr G36: It would seem my thermal dissipation module is too outdated.

Commander: Leave that aside for now.

Commander: I'm taking you back to the break room. Have a good rest there.

Gr G36: No, there's no need...

Gr G36: I can still work, it's not often that we all get to come out like this...

Commander: Listen to me, Gr G36. Leave that aside for now.

Gr G36: But...if I collapse now, who will take care of everyone?

Commander: If you don't rest now, everyone will have to take care of you.

Commander: I hope you will have a good rest and recover fully before thinking about work.

Gr G36: But...

Commander: Do you think the ocean is beautiful?

Gr G36: Very. It's more beautiful than what I've seen in the documentaries.

Commander: Then stay here and enjoy it with me.

Gr G36: ...I understand. It would be my honor.

Gr G36: But before that, could I ask a favor of you?

Commander: Hmm?

Gr G36: I made some new slushies. I believe those two T-Dolls over there are also guests of yours?

Gr G36: Please take these iced beverages over to them.

Gr G36: Whatever the circumstances, we cannot allow Griffin's hospitality to suffer...

Commander: Al...alright. You wait here.

How can I get Gr G36 to relax?

I ponder the matter while delivering the slushies.

However, I am unable to find an answer even after returning.

Commander: I'm back.

Gr G36: Ah... Welcome back, Commander.

Commander: Looks like you've been resting properly. Were you looking at the sea?

Gr G36: Ja...it's beautiful. The colors are so vibrant and so pure.

Gr G36: I never thought that I'd be able to see such a beautiful ocean during my time in Griffin or before that.

Commander: That's true. There are too many contaminated zones.

Gr G36: Ja.

Gr G36: Nor did I ever think I would meet a commanding officer who's as kind as yourself.

Commander: I'm a little embarrassed to hear you praise me, Gr G36.

Gr G36: There's no need to be humble. I'm feeling better now.

Commander: Are you alright? If you still feel hot...

Gr G36: I won't push myself, Commander.

Gr G36: Please believe me. I will handle my work in the best possible condition.

She turns and looks me earnestly in the eye.

The light in her eyes is far more dazzling than the ocean.

Commander: ...I see.

Commander: I believe you.

With that, Gr G36 throws herself into her work once more.

Fortunately, she does not get overheated again.

Kalina: Welcome back, Commander!

Kalina: New bills have arrived~

Commander: I'm home.

Commander: ...Wait a minute, new bills? Didn't we settle them all before the vacation?

Kalina: Hmm...that we did.

Kalina: However, we received complaints during the vacation. The T-Dolls' free activity caused some damage to the environment.

Kalina: I've already compiled a list of the payments to be made and the overtime charges for the logistics teams.

Commander: This...

I feel a little dizzy as I look at the final figure on the bill.

I know the T-Dolls hadn't done it on purpose, but this figure...our budget...

Gr G36: Are you alright, Commander?

Gr G36: You look unwell.

Commander: ...Sorry for worrying you, Gr G36.

Commander: Everything is fine. It's time to get back to work.

Gr G36: Your expression does not indicate that you are fine.

Gr G36: Still, please continue to let me share your burdens.

...It would seem that in order to get Gr G36 to take a good rest, we'll have to start by not doing too many things to make her worry.

And so, the vacation comes to an end with expenses that skyrocketed...