...

The sapphire seas, the azure skies, all without a cloud in sight — this beautiful scenery should be filling me with joy.

But the sun overhead stings my eyes, and even with sunglasses I can't look directly at it.

It's probably because I had spent most of the past six months living in the shade, and thus had not seen the sun for too long.

In addition...I had thought this was just an ordinary company-sponsored trip, but after seeing AK-12 and AN-94, I realized that it can't be that simple.

Countless questions tumble through my mind and refuse to leave me alone, making it impossible for me to relax and enjoy this holiday.

???: Master! Master! Come look! It's awesome! I just dug a hole and the tide came in and it got filled up right away!

...But there's someone here who can't read between the lines. Just hearing her is enough to make my troubles melt away like my sundae under the sun.

The T-Doll with the pale golden animal ears, wearing a white, figure-hugging swimsuit with her designation tackily written on the front, gleefully proclaims her new discovery at the boundary where the land meets the sea.

Gr G41: What if I dig a waaaaay bigger hole? Will the same thing happen? What do you think, Master?

That said...

Commander: What's the story behind that swimsuit of yours? Did you request it from Gr G36 as well? But if I remember correctly, the ones she got for everyone else were of a different style...

Gr G41: (Shakes head) Nope.

Commander: So what's with it, then?

Gr G41: When I was buying snacks from Miss Kalina, I told her about going to the beach for a vacation...

Gr G41: ...And then she said she had a swimsuit in the previous century's style, and that you wouldn't be able to take your eyes off me once I wore it, Commander.

Commander: So it was her... I was just thinking that you wouldn't make a joke like this, Gr G41.

Commander: Still, did I do anything which would leave such an unsightly impression on her...? I didn't, right?

Gr G41: Oh yes, Master! Want to come dig a hole with me? Let's dig a bigger one and see if the sea can wash it away!

Commander: Ah... Gr G41, there's something I need to think about right now...

Commander: Could you give me a moment? I just need some time to think. It won't take long.

Gr G41: Yes, Master!

About what I just saw... Is AN-94 the only one with AK-12? Or have she brought the others with her? Does HQ know of their existence?

And why did she suddenly bring up a beach volleyball match? Was it a simple wager? Was it to cover something up?

Come to think about it, why is the company even organizing a seaside vacation on the company dollar at such a crucial and busy time?

Rustle, rustle, rustle... a strange, repetitive sound reaches my ears. It's clearly not the tide washing in.

I turn back, and see Gr G41 hopping from foot to foot on the patch of sand beside me.

Commander: ...What are you doing? Is there a malfunction somewhere?

Gr G41: Huh? No, Master! It's just that the sand's very hot!

Commander: Hot enough to cause a doll discomfort... Must be pretty hot then...

Commander: If it's that scalding, go look for Gr G36. I asked her to prepare beachwear for everyone, that ought to include sandals for you.

Gr G41: Don't worry about me, Master! You said it wouldn't take long and I believe you! There's no need to trouble Gr G36 because of this.

I freeze for a moment, and then laugh awkwardly to hide the careless promise I had made earlier.

Commander: You must have gotten tired of waiting there for so long, right? I'm sorry, it was my fault. I shouldn't have made you wait out here under the sun.

Gr G41: It's nothing like that at all! I'll faithfully carry out any orders that you give me, Master!

Gr G41: ...Though what I'd most like to do is to have fun with you.

Commander: (Suddenly inspired) Ah, that's it. As it happens, I have a mission for you...

Gr G41: A mission? What kind of mission? I'm listening!

Commander: W, actually, those two T-Dolls just now...

Gr G41: Uh-huh, uh-huh!

After hearing me explain the cause of my chagrin, Gr G41 takes a deep breath and pounds herself on the chest, where her name is written on her swimsuit.

Gr G41: Don't worry, Master! Just leave it to me!

Gr G41: I'll deal with anyone who dares to take on Griffin or you, Master!

Gr G41: The contest or beach volleyball or whatever, none of that is a problem!

Commander: Do your best, then~

Commander: If you win, I'll make sure you're well rewarded~

Gr G41: Oooh, a reward from the Commander! Then there's no way I'll lose!

...

Commander: Oww, my head...

Gr G41: Master... I'm sorry...

Gr G41: I didn't expect that weird T-Doll to whack the ball at your face right away...

Commander: Don't worry, there isn't a limit to how many players we can have on our side anyway...

Commander: Just think of the first set as me probing their strength for you guys. I'll be counting on you all from now on!

Gr G41: Got it! Leave the next match to me!

Gr G41: I won't let your sacrifice be in vain, Master!

...That said, as I watch Gr G41 confidently step onto the court, I realise something.

Commander: (Come to think of it, Gr G41's the kind of T-Doll who doesn't even know how to pick clothes for herself... Does she even know what beach volleyball is?)

Gr G41: This is Gr G41! I'm ready to go! Please watch me, Master!

AN-94: ...Ah.

...The referee blows the whistle.

AK-12: Gr G41 moved while hugging the ball. Foul for Griffin.

Gr G41: Huh? Why is that a foul?

Gr G41: Isn't volleyball about taking the ball and hitting the other person with it?

Commander: (I knew it—)

...It can't even be considered a match. The whistle was blown every five seconds during the first three minutes of the match.

And while our opponent AN-94 has a blank expression on her face, she clearly knows how to play volleyball.

AN-94: Serving.

Gr G41: That's strange... I'm standing here...so why did you hit the ball to that empty corner?

AK-12: Griffin made an error. Task Force DEFY scores with a service ace.

Gr G41: What's an error? I didn't get hit by the ball, did I?

Commander: (We're finished... How should I explain this to her...)

...And so the second set against Task Force DEFY comes to an end.

The match also comes to an end, by way of an overwhelming difference in score.

Gr G41, who appeared puzzled even when told that we lost, turns around and walks toward me.

As I watch Gr G41 walk back to me with a blank look on her face, I scramble to think of something nice to say in order to comfort her.

Commander: Uh...it's alright, you did your best...

Gr G41: While I'm not quite sure what's going on... That was the most intense workout I've had in a while!

Gr G41: It's even more fun than being on the battlefield!

Commander: Eh?

Gr G41: It feels like, how should I put this... Why have I never tried this before? It's strange!

Gr G41: I didn't know beach volleyball is so much fun! Master, can we get a beach volleyball practice room in the base after we go back?

Commander: (She doesn't look demoralized at all... In fact, she looks really happy.)

Commander: Then, do you think you won?

Gr G41: ...

Gr G41: Ah...!

Gr G41: I totally forgot.

Gr G41: I'm sorry, Master... I disappointed you... I let you down...

Commander: You did no such thing.

I pat Gr G41 gently on the head.

Commander: Winning and losing is common in war, and competitions are the same as work.

Commander: Since you put in the effort, you ought to be rewarded even if you didn't gain the results you were hoping for.

Gr G41: What do you mean, Master?

Commander: Come, let's go play in the sand. Don't you have a lot to tell me?

Commander: Consider it a reward for finishing the entire match with such sportsmanlike spirit.

Gr G41: Yaaaaay! That's wonderful, Master—!

Rather than worrying about what the inscrutable Task Force Defy is up to, the most important thing for me is to take care of my people.

Also, relaxing and enjoying my vacation is just as important.

As long as I'm by Gr G41's side, I can empty my mind of all unnecessary thoughts and focus solely on the simple, childlike pleasure of playing around.

Perhaps that's my greatest discovery on this short-lived vacation.