...

Slightly later, in the café.

Gepard M1: It sure takes up a lot of space.

Springfield: Yes, I didn't expect the Commander and Lewis to bring such a big pine tree back.

Gepard M1: ...I don't get it. What use does it have? And it's even gotten the floor dirty.

Gepard M1: ...There's mud everywhere.

Springfield: It IS a little messy, and it needs a little trimming before it can be used.

Springfield: However, I'm sure it'll be a very pretty Christmas tree once we decorate it.

Gepard M1: Can't we use a fake tree...?

Springfield: While it's not like we can't... Don't you think that would be very boring?

Springfield: Come to think of it, you've been here since morning, Gepard.

Springfield: Aren't you bored?

Gepard M1: Vacations don't come around often... So I wanted to spend mine lazing around.

Gepard M1: Also...the coffee you make is very much to my taste, Miss Springfield.

Springfield: I see... Thank you very much, then. Would you like a refill?

Gepard M1: Please and thank you...

Springfield: Hm, I still need to check on the expenses after I do the cleaning. Looks like I'll be very busy today.

Springfield: Are you going to be staying here by yourself after this?

Gepard M1: I guess so... I don't mind.

Gepard M1: I'm fine being alone.

Springfield: Alright then, I'll have to trouble you to mind the café.

Gepard M1: Okay...

Kalina: Miss Springfield!

Kalina: Huh... Miss Springfield isn't in?

Gepard M1: Miss Kalina... If you're looking for Miss Springfield, she just stepped out to do something else.

Kalina: Well, that's a headache...

Gepard M1: ...You look really busy too, Miss Kalina. What's going on?

Kalina: I'm rushing to finish the Christmas party preparations. Lewis ran the Commander so ragged that I can't get them up.

Kalina: So right now, I'm in charge of making sure everything's going smoothly.

Gepard M1: I see... In that case, why were you looking for Miss Springfield?

Kalina: Hm... You saw it too, right?

Kalina points at the pine tree standing in the middle of the café with her file.

Kalina: Lewis and the Commander brought that back after expending a great deal of effort.

Kalina: Naturally, Lewis was the one providing the muscle.

Gepard M1: Hm... I was talking about it with Miss Springfield just now...

Gepard M1: What's with it? Is it causing other problems besides taking up a lot of space?

Kalina: You sound like you have a grudge against that tree... Well, it's not that bad.

Kalina: But look, don't you think this tree's crown is a bit too broad for a Christmas tree? And it's got a lot of mud and snow on it.

Kalina: We can't use it as a Christmas tree if it's not cleaned and trimmed.

Gepard M1: So are you here to trim it, Miss Kalina?

Kalina: Haha... I'd do it if I could. Unfortunately, with my skills, I wouldn't be done even if I worked on it until nightfall.

Kalina: Also, I have other things to do. We're very understaffed at the moment.

Kalina: I actually came here to ask Springfield if she could spare someone to help me out, but I guess that's a bust.

Gepard M1: I see... I still don't get it, though. Why do you have to go out of your way to do these things?

Kalina: What do you mean by "these things"?

Gepard M1: Why do you have to go to such trouble on a day that's supposed to be a holiday...?

Gepard M1: I mean, you could make a Christmas tree or whatever out of plastic, right?

Gepard M1: And when you get down to it...you're just doing overtime on a holiday to prepare for a Christmas party. Isn't that strange?

Kalina: Hmm... I see.

Kalina: You don't quite understand these "strenuous vacations", do you, Miss Gepard?

Gepard M1: I guess you could say that...

Gepard M1: Although the Christmas party makes me very happy... It also means you and Miss Springfield are busy and tired.

Gepard M1: That's really worrying.

Kalina: Haha, no need to worry about us. That's very kind of you, Miss Gepard.

Kalina: Let me think...

Kalina: Were you with Miss Springfield this morning, Miss Gepard?

Gepard M1: Yeah... Miss Springfield was here all morning.

Gepard M1: But she had to work too, so we didn't manage to talk.

Kalina: Did Miss Springfield look like she was having a hard time, Miss Gepard?

Gepard M1: Kind of... I've never been that way even during workdays.

Gepard M1: Or rather...I felt guilty, like Miss Springfield was the only one without vacation days.

Kalina: Then, did Miss Springfield look unhappy to you?

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard M1: ...Not really.

Gepard M1: She looked like...she was enjoying herself.

Kalina: That's how it is. Maybe everyone enjoys their vacation in different ways, but ultimately they do it to make themselves happy.

Kalina: Some of them are like you, Miss Gepard, and want to spend their vacation in leisure. As for Miss Springfield, she feels happier when everyone can enjoy their Christmas.

Gepard M1: When everyone can enjoy their Christmas...

Kalina: Of course, I'm not saying that there's anything wrong with spending your holidays in a leisurely manner! It's just a different way of enjoying yourself.

Gepard M1: It sounds like...

Gepard M1: You and Miss Springfield consider everyone's vacations to be your vacations.

Kalina: Well, I wouldn't go that far.

Kalina: And in my case, the Commander gives an overtime allowance, so it's not a bad deal.

Gepard M1: ...That sure sounds nice, but in the end you're still doing overtime, Miss Kalina.

Kalina: That's right! That's exactly it!

Kalina: Ah... Oh no, I spent too much time talking. I need to go.

Kalina: There's so much more work to do... If I can't find anyone to do the trimming for me, I guess I'll have to put it aside for now.

Gepard M1: Does it HAVE to be trimmed?

Kalina: It'll look awful if we just decorated it as-is.

Kalina: If it really can't be helped, I'll take your suggestion into consideration and just use an artificial tree for the sake of convenience.

Kalina: Though that'll have to wait until the Commander wakes up.

Gepard M1: ...

Kalina: I'll be off, then. Too bad Miss Springfield wasn't around, otherwise I could have taken a coffee with me.

Kalina rushes out of the café.

Gepard M1: ...She sure is busy.

The cup of coffee in Gepard's hands has gone from scalding hot to warm.

Gepard M1: Quit rubbing up against my legs...bad kitty.

Gepard M1: I know, I know...

Gepard M1: Vacations don't grow on trees...and neither do Christmases.

Commander: Why didn't you wake me up earlier?

Kalina: Huh? Was that my job?

Kalina: But you were the one who was so tired that you couldn't wake up at all, Commander. Next time, you should let someone appropriate do that sort of work.

Commander: Lewis did most of it, though... I don't even know what got me so tired...

Commander: So, you haven't found anyone to trim the tree yet?

Kalina: Nope.

Kalina: I went to look for Miss Springfield after that, but she was sorting out the list of food ingredients with LWMMG, and I couldn't find anyone I could ask to do it.

Commander: It can't be helped, then... Let's go, Kalina. The trimming's up to the two of us!

Kalina: Ehhhhhh?! But I just said you should let someone appropriate do that sort of work!

Commander: But there's no other way, is there?! Lewis went to so much effort to bring that tree back! Are you telling me you're going to let it go to waste...?

Commander: Oh hey, good morning, Gepard.

Gepard M1: It's not morning anymore, Commander.

Commander: Er...yeah, it's already afternoon. There's still...

Commander: Are you waiting here for the party to start?

Gepard M1: ...Not really.

Gepard M1: I've been lazing around here since morning.

Gepard M1: There are cats and coffee here, and it's very quiet.

Commander: I see... That sounds really relaxing...

Commander: I have to hand it to you, Gepard. That's a model vacation.

Gepard M1: ...This is a model vacation?

Kalina: Commander—!

Commander: What-what happened?

Kalina: What do you mean, what happened... Come take a look for yourself.

Commander: What...ehhhhh?

The broad crown of the pine tree in the café has been trimmed into a slender cone, while the mud and bark on the trunk have been scraped off. Now it looks just like a Christmas tree; all it needs are the decorations and presents.

Commander: Didn't you say you couldn't find anyone to trim it...?

Kalina: But I didn't...

Commander: Then what's all this? I ran over here in such a hurry... Could the fairies have done it?

Kalina: Even if you ask me, I...

Gepard M1: ...

Kalina: Huh? Miss Gepard's hands are covered in mud...

Kalina: ...I see!

Kalina: I have no idea what's going on!

Commander: ...You clearly look like you know something! Come on, spill it!

Kalina: I don't know.

Kalina: It might have been Santa Claus.

Commander: Come on, tell me!

Gepard M1: ...

Gepard M1: ...How noisy.

As M1 Gepard quietly grumbles to herself, she gently strokes the kitty that's rubbing up against her.

Gepard M1: Still...

Gepard M1: I do feel very happy.