Grizzly: Did I miss? I seem to have run into another tenacious one.

???: Don't be so impatient, Grizzly. I would never want to be trapped in the same cage with you.

Grizzly: You don't even dare face me directly. I have nothing to say to a coward like you.

Grizzly: But how did you do this? I came for some target practice to unwind after a mission.

Grizzly: I didn't expect the training room to turn into an enclosed space like this.

???: You're sharp, but you have no way to escape with only the information you currently have.

???: If you want to leave this place safely before your battery runs out, then answer our questions truthfully.

The ominous voice comes from the speakers within the building. The person behind this digitally distorted voice seems determined to have this conversation with Grizzly over the broadcast.

Grizzly: You seem awfully certain that I can't get out of here.

Grizzly tries to distract the mysterious voice as she turns toward the exit, but she realizes that the heavy door is securely locked – even the sensor is unresponsive.

???: That is the only exit. Now you should understand that I am telling the truth.

Grizzly: So you can see every single little thing I do. Alright then, let's hear your question.

???: Please answer truthfully...

???: Tell us everything you know about the Griffin Commander's activity between the end of the Valentine's Day party and the next morning!

Grizzly: Why are you even asking about that?

???: It was you and Zas who escorted the Commander away from the party, correct?

Grizzly: You've done your homework.

???: Then tell us what happened next.

Grizzly: Seriously, why are you this interested in something so trivial?

Grizzly starts recounting the events on the night she and Zas helped the Commander back to the dorm.

They entered the Commander's room and found stacks of reports and documents scattered all over the floor...

Zas M21: You have to deal with all this stuff even after you get off work?

Commander: I-I'll be fine. I still have two mags left...

The Commander, who was deep in slumber leaning against Grizzly's shoulder, suddenly gave a shout before settling down again.

Grizzly: The Commander must be really smashed.

Zas M21: It isn't as messy as I imagined. Let me just tidy up a bit.

Grizzly: Then I'll put the Commander down first.

Grizzly adjusted her stance, then she gently placed the Commander on the bed like a slumbering princess.

Unlike the rest of the room, the smooth comforter and the tidy bed sheets reinforced the fact that the Commander really is a warrior.

Grizzly: The Commander is never really relaxed, huh...?

Grizzly: I do hope they can get some proper rest after letting out all that stress on this rare occasion.

Grizzly studies the Commander's sleeping face – the alcohol-induced flush had significantly subsided, much to her relief.

Grizzly: Then we won't disturb you any longer, Commander.

???: That's all?

Grizzly: Uh, I've never met kidnappers as silly as you, but I'm really not in the mood to fool around with you anymore.

???: What are you talking about? Have you forgotten that you are still under our control...?

Grizzly: I wouldn't be so sure about that.

With that, Grizzly fires a shot into the corner of the room. The bullet seems to have hit some kind of device, and the actual room reveals itself.

Turns out Grizzly is still inside the original training facility. The enclosed space was just the product of a holographic projection.

???: How did you know it was a projection?!

Grizzly: I've dealt with my fair share of weirdos so this kind of petty trick won't work on me.

Grizzly: Also, there's no point in talking through the speakers. Just come out, you two.

???: What? Whoa...

Grizzly: "I would never want to be trapped in the same cage with you."

Grizzly: The more you try to cover something up, the more you reveal it.

As if startled by Grizzly's words, two figures tumble out of the gap between two storage shelves – they're Stechkin and Makarov.

Makarov: Sorry, Grizzly. Please let me explain...

Stechkin: What is there to explain? It's all this lousy hologram projector's fault. She saw through it so easily.

Grizzly: There's a limit to this kind of deception, after all. I felt it when I reached out to touch the sensor on the door – it was not perfectly in sync with the projection.

Makarov: See, I told you, didn't I? We could've just talked to Grizzly properly right from the start. We didn't have to resort to these cheap tricks.

Stechkin: Sheesh, how are you supposed to learn the truth from someone as astute as this otherwise?

Grizzly: I'll tell the truth just to get you two out of my hair.

Makarov: You already know what we're investigating, don't you?

Grizzly: I set off on a mission soon after the end of the Valentine's Day party, but I am aware of the search for the "mysterious figure" who appeared in the Commander's room that night since I checked in regularly through the comms.

Grizzly: Unfortunately, that person could not have been me, I'm certain of that.

Stechkin: Yes, you did escort the Commander back to the dorm – Zas' statement validates that.

Stechkin: But where were you when the surveillance system was undergoing maintenance?

Grizzly: You make it sound as if I'm one of those criminals who enjoy returning to the crime scene...

Grizzly: Never mind. Nothing particularly remarkable happened afterwards; it doesn't hurt to tell you.

Turning back the clock to 23.30 that day, when the surveillance system was being updated. Once Grizzly had tucked the Commander in, she left the room with Zas.

Since she had to leave on a mission at around 05.00 the next morning, she was just about to return to her dorm to get some rest after making some small preparation.

However, she soon got dragged into a series of new and unexpected events while she was on her way.

M950A: "Yeah~ Grizz~ Ice Bear~ Panda!"

M950A: "Yeah~ Panda~ Ice Bear~ Grizz!"

Grizzly: They say 950 has a habit of singing songs that isn't really her style when she's drunk. Looks like those rumors are true...

But M950A was not the only strange person within Grizzly's sight.

RMB-93: I'm starting to understand why she hired me to film M950A's singing rehearsals in secret.

RMB-93: "This isn't freestyle! Griffin rookie rapper's learning progress!" She's probably planning to make a thread like that.

Grizzly: "She" sounds like someone with too much time on her hands.

RMB-93: G-Grizzly! When did you...?!

RMB-93 was skulking in the shrubbery some distance away from M950A, a recording device in hand, capturing the drunk Doll's every move.

Grizzly sneaked up on her from behind without a sound, and her sudden remark scared RMB-93 so much, the latter stopped recording at once and dropped the device.

M950A: "Yeah~ Grizz~ Ice Bear~ Panda~ Yeah!"

The intoxicated M950A did not seem to have noticed the commotion behind her and was still immersed in her own rapping.

Grizzly: If I remember correctly, you have a shift in the surveillance room tonight. Should you really be neglecting your duty?

RMB-93: Sorry, but I've swapped shifts with someone else.

Grizzly: So you're here to record a colleague when she's drunk, and you're colluding with someone to upload the recording. I didn't expect this from you.

RMB-93: It's not like there are filming restrictions in this area, so I'm free to film whatever I want here.

RMB-93: I can also post whatever thread I please, and you have no right to interfere in such matters. Besides, isn't it a worthy cause to document the secret lives of T-Dolls that people don't usually get to see?

RMB-93 picked up the recording device again and resumed her filming.

Grizzly: Well, what a silver tongue you've got. Perhaps you should consider partnering with Stechkin. You two would make quite a pair of unscrupulous lawyers.

RMB-93: You know what, I might actually consider it.

M950A: Uh, Grizz, Gri...zz, Grizzly...

Grizzly and RMB-93's argument might have gotten a little too loud – they caught M950A's attention.

Since it probably wouldn't end well for herself if she carried on filming M950A, RMB-93 gave up and stopped.

RMB-93: Oh man, you've ruined a perfect opportunity...

RMB-93 took her leave. Meanwhile M950A was about to collapse from her drunkenness.

Grizzly immediately rushed up to 950 and guided her onto the bench by the path.

Grizzly: (Sighs) I can't just leave her here. I'd better contact Thunder and the others.

Makarov: Grizzly's alibi seems watertight.

Stechkin: Tsk. Alright, I'm also going to cross-check your statement with RMB-93.

Stechkin: To be honest, I'm actually quite relieved that you're innocent. After all, you don't strike me as someone who can cut such a beautiful figure.

Stechkin: If the Commander's mysterious visitor really was you, that'd only mean my observations about you weren't accurate enough.

Grizzly: You've really mastered the art of saying stuff that drives people up the wall. Won't you consider teaming up with RMB-93 to set up Stechkin & RMB-93 Unscrupulous Attorneys, hmm?

Makarov: Don't bother getting angry with Stechkin. You have been a massive help by giving us your account of what happened that night.

Makarov: We will now move on to question the other witnesses. Thank you and goodbye.

Seeing that Stechkin's sharp tongue is about to cause more trouble, Makarov hurriedly thanks Grizzly before dragging Stechkin away.

The two Dolls seem to have forgotten that their only exit is still locked thanks to their own tinkering – only when they've crashed straight into the door do they remember they have to unlock it first.

Grizzly: These childish Dolls are such a handful.

Grizzly: I wish this incident would blow over soon... I could really use some more rest.

However, Grizzly does not get her wish. The next day, she is summoned by Cano and Stechkin.

Grizzly: Is there really no other way to verify my innocence?

Stechkin: What, don't you have a perfect alibi?

Stechkin: Then put on this wedding dress so that we can compare it with the mysterious figure on the image. There's nothing to be afraid of, right?

Carcano M1891: It's not like it'd cost you anything. Go on, try on one of the wedding dresses we brought back from the mansion.

Carcano M1891: Or do you hate wearing dresses?

Grizzly: Dresses hinder my movements, so I don't tend to wear them unless a mission calls for it.

Grizzly: But I'd say my aversion to dresses is slightly less severe than Lee Enfield's, so...

Carcano M1891: Be honest. I know you're still interested in wedding dresses.

Stechkin: Make your way to the dressing room quickly, or the most popular ones will be taken by the time you get there.

Grizzly: This will do. Now I'm sure I'll cut a figure every bit as beautiful as the mysterious visitor.

Having chosen her preferred wedding dress, Grizzly strides out from the changing room with confidence. But despite her breathtaking appearance, I can't spare her any attention when Kar is standing right in front of me, staring me down with those intimidating eyes of hers.

Grizzly: What's going on? Why is everyone all huddled in a circle?

Makarov: Kar is confronting the Commander about the mysterious figure.

As the Dolls fire off question after question, the Commander answers them all patiently. Grizzly soon figures out the full picture.

Kar98k: How did you know Kalina came into your room in your drunken stupor?

Grizzly: Hold on. By the time we got the Commander back to the dorm, their face wasn't that flushed anymore.

Zas M21: Now that you mention it, you also remarked on that back then. When we put the Commander to bed, the alcohol intoxication had more or less run its course. The Commander went to sleep very peacefully.

Commander: That's right. When Kalina came and asked me to deal with the urgent document, I woke up easily enough.

Kar98k: There are still a lot of questionable points regarding your statement.

Seeing that Kar shows no sign of backing off, Grizzly takes a deep breath, then walks up to Kar and taps her on the shoulder.

Grizzly: Look at the Commander's eyes, Kar.

Kar takes the hint and looks at me.

I don't know what she sees in my eyes, but in the end, she lets out a small sigh, and her menacing aura immediately evaporates.

Kar98k: I believe that it's pointless to question the Commander any further.

Kar shoots a glance at Grizzly and Zas, who smiles back at her. Then she turns around and walks away...

Stechkin starts getting flustered as she sees that the farce she orchestrated has been resolved just like that. Meanwhile, Zas and Grizzly slip off to the side.

Zas M21: Kar seems to understand that the Commander must have a reason to conceal the truth.

Grizzly: After all, there are some secrets that the Commander must keep on their own.

Grizzly: All we can do is support them.

The farce has finally come to an end, and I have escaped from the nerve-racking confrontation at last.

As I make my way back to the dormitories alone, I look up at the roof and find a Doll watching the night sky.

Commander: Grizzly, is that you?

Grizzly: Oh, Commander? Good evening.

Commander: ...You look beautiful.

Commander: I wanted to tell you that when you wore the evening dress last time. Dresses really suit you.

Grizzly: Just dressing up occasionally for a change of pace, and Cano has given me special permission to keep this wedding dress for a while.

Grizzly: Since you're here, you should take some pictures for me.

Commander: But I don't have a camera with me.

Grizzly: I'll get it from the dorm. One sec...

Grizzly then jumps off the roof, but she must have forgotten that she's wearing a dress – she trips over her skirts as she lands.

Grizzly: Y-you see, this is why I don't like wearing dresses...

Grizzly sways as she tries to regain her balance. I reach out and steady her.

Grizzly: Thanks a bunch, Commander.

Commander: No, I should be the one thanking you.

Grizzly: Are you talking about what happened back then with Kar?

Grizzly: You've done so much for us, so I believe from the bottom of my heart that you will always make the right decision.

Grizzly: And if what I did has made things easier for you, then I'll take pride in doing it.

Commander: I am so incredibly lucky to have someone who understands me like you.

Commander: Right, go and get the camera. We'll be able to capture a lot of stars, and beautiful Grizzly in the wedding dress, of course.

Commander: (Sighs) In the past, this would've been the season for meteor showers.

Grizzly: Meteor showers? I hear that they are the tracks that fragments of comets leave behind in the sky when they enter the atmosphere and burn away.

Grizzly: I would love to witness such a fleeting moment with my own eyes.

Commander: And I would love to witness that fleeting moment with Grizzly by my side.

Grizzly: Commander...

Grizzly: I think I understand! I hope you will be able to meet the one who truly matters to you when that happens. We will then go for a drive as meteor showers streak over us.

Grizzly: I will always be by your side, Commander – no matter what.