Gr MP7: You! Dirty! Rat—！

Gr MP7: Hold it right there!

Commander: ...

Commander: ...Christmas comes but once a year, it would be nice if this one didn't begin with a headache so early in the morning...

Commander: ...So, what happened?

Commander: When I arrived at the scene of the disturbance, what greeted me was a mess of a corridor.

AA-12: Ah...you've come at last, Commander.

Commander: The first person to see me was AA-12, with an annoyed look on her face. She looks immensely relieved; she's clearly been in distress for a long time.

Commander: AA-12... So that noise just now was Gr MP7?

AA-12: I'm not too sure myself. In any case, you should go over and take a look for yourself.

AA-12: I seriously don't want to get involved in this...

Commander: I understand how you feel...and I think I have an idea about what happened here.

Gr MP7: It's strange, don't you think?! Why is it that I have fewer and fewer lollipops, even though I haven't been eating them? It must have been your rat's doing!

Honey Badger: Betty is NOT a rat!

Commander: Pretty much what I expected...

Commander: There there...Gr MP7, Honey Badger, stop fighting. I could hear you from my office.

Commander: What's going on?

Gr MP7: Ah, you're just in time, Caretaker!

Gr MP7: This rat has been ordering her rat to steal my lollipops!

Honey Badger: Betty is not a rat! Betty is my friend! And I'm not a rat either! Also, you were clearly using violence on Betty, weren't you?

Commander: That's enough! Quit fighting! If you ask me...
If choice 3 was picked

Both: HELL NO!
If choice 2 was picked

Gr MP7: No I didn't!
If choice 1 was picked

Gr MP7: I know, right!

Honey Badger: It's just a lollipop, right?

Gr MP7: "It's just a lollipop" — I can't believe you just said that, do you know how offensive that is?!

Honey Badger: And what's wrong with that? You're not a kid any more, it's unbecoming of you to flare up like that over a mere lollipop.

Gr MP7: Why you—!

Commander: ENOUGH!

Commander: Neither of them looks like they're going to give in, and the fighting is getting fiercer by the minute. I can feel the beginnings of a headache in my temples.

Commander: The two of you...are always at each other's throats, aren't you?

Commander: And why would Betty eat lollipops...? I don't get it, is it deliberately trying to make Gr MP7 mad?

Gr MP7: Of course! I hate her!

Honey Badger: The same.

Gr MP7: Grrrrrrr—!

Commander: Both of you, stop fighting.

Commander: ...I have a plan.

...

...After the explanation.

Gr MP7 & Honey Badger: Whaaaaaaat?!

Gr MP7: Is your brain malfunctioning, Caretaker? Why should I give a present to someone who stole my lollipops?!

Honey Badger: I was just about to say that, Commander.

Honey Badger: I do not understand the point of doing such a thing.

Honey Badger: What good would exchanging gifts with her do?

Commander: Alright, alright, both of you calm down and listen to me.

Commander: If the two of you keep arguing like this, there'll be no end to it, don't you think?

Commander: Since nobody wants to back down, why don't the both of you reconcile on even terms...? That said, do you remember what day it is today?

Honey Badger: ...It's Christmas.

Gr MP7: It's Christmas, right?

Commander: I'm glad that you know. I don't want to referee a duel on Christmas, so wouldn't it be perfect to settle the matter in a way that's befitting Christmas?

Commander: I'll give the two of you one day to prepare. The winner will be whoever's gift impresses the other more, and the loser will have to apologize.

Gr MP7: No way! Giving this rat a gift is nothing more than a waste of time and money!

Commander: So you're saying...

Commander: You're worried that you'll lose to her in a challenge like this, Gr MP7?

Gr MP7: ...

Gr MP7: Say what?

Commander: I knew it. Gr MP7 raised her voice.

Commander: She's not stupid, but she's easily baited.

Gr MP7: How bold, Caretaker... To think you'd actually dare to say that.

Gr MP7: Bring it on, then! You think I'm scared?!

Gr MP7: You'd better have your will written and waiting for me, you dirty rat!

Gr MP7 storms off angrily.

Honey Badger: ...

Commander: ...Honey Badger's gaze feels like it's piercing through me.

Honey Badger: Settling things isn't an issue. After all, Betty and I won't lose no matter what we compete in.

Honey Badger: Since you requested this, I'll play along, Commander... I just don't want to lose to her.

Honey Badger: In any way.

Commander: I've been meaning to ask, but do you and Gr MP7 have some huge grudge against each other?

Honey Badger: Well, it's not up to that degree.

Honey Badger: I guess we just don't get along?

Commander: I don't think that's simply a matter of "not getting along."

Commander: It's true that Gr MP7's always been that way, but I also know she's not a bad girl.

Commander: It's the same with you, Honey Badger. You've always been very reliable...you and Betty.

Honey Badger: Is that why you came up with this weird "present exchange" idea to encourage us?

Commander: Of course the so-called competition is just an excuse. If possible, I'd like this to be a chance for the two of you to make up with each other.

Commander: After all, the way you two keep feuding everywhere you go causes me a lot of headaches.

Honey Badger: It's not that I don't understand what you're trying to do, Commander.

Honey Badger: I just think you're wasting your effort.

Commander: Why do you say that?

Honey Badger: I don't think she'll put any serious effort into preparing a present.

Honey Badger: At the very most, she'll bring over something childish, or she might even try a prank to make things difficult for me.

Commander: ...Would she really do that?

Honey Badger: It might sound strange for me to say this...

Honey Badger: But our history of mutual spite can't be resolved so easily.

Commander: Well, if it has already gotten to such a point, even I'm starting to feel a little uneasy.

Commander: Personally, I don't think Gr MP7 would do something like that.

Commander: Like I said before, Gr MP7 might have a difficult personality, but she's not a bad girl.

Honey Badger: Hmm... Looks like you place a lot of trust in her.

Commander: I trust ALL of you.

Commander: That includes you too. I believe that none of you are bad people.

Honey Badger: In that case, would you like to make a bet with me, Commander?

Commander: A bet?

Honey Badger: I bet she won't be serious about getting a present for me.

Commander: ...I don't think there's a point in betting on that sort of thing.

Honey Badger: Don't you trust us all, Commander?

Honey Badger: Let's have a bet then; whether your trust in her or her grudge against me comes up on top.

Honey Badger: If you win...

Commander: If I win?

Honey Badger: It's a secret.

Commander: ...What's the point then?

Commander: Still, I'll accept if just to prove my point.

Commander: However, you have to promise me one thing, Honey Badger.

Honey Badger: What is it?

Commander: You need to put in serious thought when getting Gr MP7 a present, too.

Commander: Ultimately, this was all Betty's fault, right?

Commander: It would be good if you could give her a proper apology after all this.

Honey Badger: I'll give it some thought. I won't cause trouble for you, Commander.

Honey Badger: But if she gives me a hard time, I'm not going to just roll over and take it.

Honey Badger turns and leaves as well.

Commander: ...I hope this turns out well.

Commander: While I understand just how bad their relationship is, there should be a way to fix it as long as there's a good catalyst.

Commander: If Gr MP7 and Honey Badger can both accept this proposition, it'll be a good start.

Commander: As for the rest, all I can do is wait until tonight.

Commander: ...

Commander: Huh? AA-12? Why are you still here?

AA-12: ...

AA-12: ...Wait, so you're saying I could have gone back a while ago?

At night.

Honey Badger: Commander.

Commander: Come in.

Honey Badger: ...

Honey Badger: ...Looks like I was the first to arrive. Does that count as a win for me?

Commander: ...Those aren't the terms of the contest, are they?

Commander: Also, winning isn't the point. Please spare a thought for me.

Honey Badger: Winning is probably everything for her.

Commander: It seems you're pretty concerned with victory yourself... So, what did you get for her?

Honey Badger: Please allow me to keep that a secret for now.

Honey Badger: Also, there may not be a chance for me to bring out what I have.

Honey Badger: If she doesn't stick to the rules, I don't mind settling the matter in a simpler way.

Commander: Please don't just challenge her to a duel out of the blue... Still, that's a relief. Does this mean you prepared a proper present?

Honey Badger: But of course.

Honey Badger: I'm not like some people who are both childish and unbelievably juvenile.

Gr MP7: —Who are you calling "childish and unbelievably juvenile", you dirty rat?!

Honey Badger: Ah, speak of the devil.

Commander: Don't "childish" and "juvenile" mean the same thing?

Gr MP7: Dammit... All you know how to do is talk behind people's backs.

Gr MP7: That's why I hate you.

Gr MP7 looks angry, but she doesn't press the matter further.

In her hands is a medium-sized box, which despite the somewhat crude wrapping, still looks pretty.

Honey Badger seems to notice this as well and is slightly taken aback.

Commander: Ahem...

Commander: Gr MP7... Do you have a present that'll make Honey Badger speechless?

Gr MP7: Hmph, who do you think you're talking to?

Gr MP7: Of course I'm going to perfectly fulfill any task I'm given no matter what it is, stupid Caretaker.

This seems to rattle Honey Badger.

Honey Badger: ...What the hell? Let me guess, you're buttering me up before you scare me with a prank gift?

Commander: She's still being stubborn...

Gr MP7: A thieving little rat certainly deserves a prank gift, but losing this competition would annoy me more.

Gr MP7: And besides...it's Christmas, like Caretaker said.

Gr MP7: I don't want to do anything that spoils the mood.

Gr MP7 hands the present over to Honey Badger.

Honey Badger: ...

Honey Badger: ...It's not going to explode if I open it, right?

Gr MP7: Of course not! Who the hell do you think I am?!

Commander: What's this?

Gr MP7: Hair accessories and silk ribbons.

Gr MP7: That stupid rat's been wearing weird clothes since this morning.

Gr MP7: So I thought, since it's Christmas, why not give her something to match it?

Gr MP7: I made those by hand, so you'd better shed tears of gratitude and thank me, got it?!

Commander: ...Ah, those do suit her very well.

Commander: So...what about your present, Honey Badger?

Honey Badger: ...

Honey Badger: ...Here.

After a brief period of silence, Honey Badger takes an exquisite box from Betty.

Gr MP7: Hmph, well, whatever it is, it still... What IS this?

Honey Badger: It's a lollipop.

Gr MP7: Huh?

Honey Badger: It's a specially-made Christmas Lollipop.

Honey Badger: Betty ate yours this morning, right?

Honey Badger: So consider this an apology and stop blaming Betty for it.

Gr MP7: You're...apologizing to me?

Gr MP7 freezes in place.

Honey Badger also looks very uncomfortable and the mood in the air turns awkward.

Commander: Have you changed your minds now?

Honey Badger: ...I was wrong.

Honey Badger: You were right, Commander.

Commander: Even the two of you can understand each other as long as you're willing to communicate.

Commander: I'm very glad that you listened to me and got Gr MP7 a present.

Commander: You must have put a lot of effort into this.

Honey Badger: Well, you were very concerned about things between us, Commander. Even I can feel gratitude for that.

Honey Badger: And it's true that I racked my brains for this...although I don't think this is enough to make us friends.

Honey Badger: But perhaps it's like you said, Commander. There has to be a first step for everything.

Honey Badger takes out another box.

Honey Badger: Looks like I lost our bet, Commander. Here's my present for you.

Commander: For me?

Honey Badger: Yeah.

Honey Badger: I need to give it while the mood's still good.

Honey Badger: Merry Christmas, Commander.

Commander: Thank you, I can feel the thought you put into this.

Commander: ...

Commander: ...Wait a minute.

Commander: ..."While the mood's still good?" What did you mean by that?

Gr MP7: —Ack.

Commander: ...Gr MP7? What's wrong... Wait, what's with that lollipop?

Gr MP7: Aiiiiiiiiiieeeeeee— It's jumping around! Something's jumping around in my mouth!

Gr MP7: Caretaker! It's a bug! A bug's jumping around in my mouth!

Commander: Calm down! That's probably not a bug, it's fizzy candy... Honey Badger!

Honey Badger: Well, I'll be taking my leave then, Commander.

Honey Badger: Betty, let's go!

Commander: You stop right there!

Gr MP7: Noooooo—! It's jumping around so much— Don't bite my mouth!

Commander: Calm down!

The scene immediately descends into chaos.

...Looks like it'll be a long time before things get better between the two of them.