Spring Festival is less than a week away.

According to the plan Type 81R gave me, I'm supposed to be checking the costume preparations for the festival.

Huh, is that you, Commander? What are you doing here?

Commander: Type 81R asked me to help her with the inspections.

Commander: You're in charge of preparing the New Year clothes, right?

You're just in time, Commander.

I was about to get the clothes I ordered from the tailor. Want to go see them with me?

Having you around will help when I go over them.

Commander: Sure, I'll go with you.

At the tailor's.

Commander: Are you done yet, JS05?

JS05: One sec. I'm almost finished!

JS05: This button is giving me a bit of trouble... Alright, I'm coming out now!

JS05 steps out of the changing room.

JS05: What do you think, Commander?

Commander: It looks good, JS05.

Commander: It definitely suits you.

JS05: Hmm... I need to tidy up my bangs to match this qipao...

JS05: How about now?

Commander: Er... is there a difference?

JS05: I let my bangs down a little, there's a huge difference!

JS05: Commander, I question your powers of observation.

Commander: You're the one who's asking so much of them...

JS05: Hehe, well, my work does demand great precision, after all.

JS05: Come help me inspect these clothes, Commander! Treat it as practice!

Commander: Alright, alright, I'll give it a try.

Commander: Speaking of which, these clothes seem quite different from the styles which everyone usually wears... Will they be willing to put them on?

JS05: Don't worry about that, Commander. No Doll would refuse new clothes.

JS05: Also, any Doll who isn't happy about something this new and stylish must have abysmal taste!

Commander: (She doesn't mince her words at all...)

Commander: Well, I'm looking forward to the New Year even more now that you've said that.

Commander: I'm sure it'll be interesting to see everyone dressed differently than how they usually are.

JS05: Mm, just wait for it, Commander. I'm sure you won't be disappointed.

JS05: Oh yes... now that you mention it, have YOU bought new clothes yet, Commander?

Commander: Me? I haven't really prepared anything. After all, celebrating Spring Festival was the Dolls' idea...

JS05: Since Type 81R assigned you to vet my work, that means you're part of the Spring Festival prep team.

JS05: And we agreed that everyone taking part would need new clothes.

JS05: Besides, it was you humans who came up with the custom of wearing new clothes to celebrate Spring Festival in the first place!

Commander: Really?

Commander: I'm not too familiar with the old ways of celebrating it...

JS05: My database can't be wrong.

JS05: However, it's probably too late to make you an East Asian outfit, so let's go out shopping afterwards to buy you something.

Commander: Don't bother. I don't really celebrate this festival myself, just hopping on the bandwagon with you guys...

Commander: Also, I have to work this afternoon, I probably won't have the time.

JS05: Commander...are you afraid of going shopping?

Commander: N-not really, it's more like there's a meeting at HQ this afternoon.

Commander: I'm more afraid of Miss Helian's wrath than shopping!

JS05: Alright, I'll tell the tailor what alterations to make before we go back to base.

Commander: Does it still need altering?

JS05: Of course! Spring Festival clothing needs to be properly prepared!

JS05: Honestly, this is a human festival to begin with...you ought to take it more seriously.

Commander: Well, different places have different practices.

Commander: I'm sure Christmas or New Year would be more carefully observed here.

JS05: But you didn't change into new clothes for those two festivals, did you?

JS05: I heard DSR and the others say that the people here also practice the tradition of wearing new clothes for the New Year.

Commander: But given how things are now...

Commander: It's good enough that we have the luxury of celebrating these festivals at all. Don't quibble too much about the details.

JS05: When you put it that way, life really does sound tough for humanity...

Commander: It is...uh, how did we get onto such a depressing topic?

Commander: We're going to celebrate a festival soon, so let's cheer up!

JS05: You've got a point. Look forward to our Spring Festival then, Commander!

JS05: It won't lose out to Christmas or whatever!

JS05: We're still a few days away, so try to take some time out to get new clothes, Commander.

Commander: Alright, alright, I'll have a look in town if I find the time.

After returning to the base, I soon become engrossed in the various tasks involved in moving from one year to another.

Soon, the matter of buying new clothes is well out of mind.

On the afternoon of Spring Festival Eve.

I return to my office after quelling the disturbance caused by an accidental ignition of fireworks.

Commander: Whew... I can't believe I still have to take care of this sort of thing before the celebrations start... I'm beat.

JS05: There you are, Commander.

JS05: ...You look pretty tired.

Commander: Ah, yes, something unexpected happened. I could really use some rest.

JS05: It must have been because of ART556's antics, right? Must've been tough cleaning up after her.

JS05: I didn't expect her to do something so thoughtless just to have fun...

Commander: You seem pretty well-informed...

JS05: Hehe, I simply overheard it from the others on my back back.

JS05: I've been looking for you because of this...

JS05 hands me a box.

Commander: What is this?

JS05: New clothes for the Spring Festival.

JS05: I'm guessing you've been too busy to buy them. Fortunately, I happened to be heading out today and saved you the trip.

JS05: I'm not sure what style you prefer, so I just bought you a shirt.

JS05: At the end of the day, you really do need new clothes for a brand new start.

Commander: Thank you... I actually forgot about it myself.

JS05: You humans are so forgetful. That's why we have to remember things for you.

JS05: Wearing new clothes at the New Year clears away the bad luck of the old and brings good fortune.

JS05: It's a good sign, for both humans and Dolls!

Commander: Haha, that's true. I'll accept it, then.

JS05: That's the spirit, Commander.

JS05: I'm relieved to see that you've cheered up now.

JS05: I need to go help the others - see you at the Reunion Dinner tonight!

JS05: And don't forget to wear the new shirt!

I watch JS05 vanish out the door.

They are carefully collecting and preserving all these memories of the old times that even mankind comes close to forgetting.

Someday in the future, those memories would shine even more brightly than before.

Commander: Alright, break time's over.

Commander: First, let me get changed... Then I'll celebrate the occasion with them.