Commander: Thanks for your hard work.

JS9: Understood.

JS9: How long will it be until you arrive, Commander?

Commander: I might only be able to make it by nighttime.

Commander: Until then, I'll leave things to you.

JS9: Got it.

The transmission ends.

JS9: ...

JS9: ...I know this is part of my job.

JS9: But I didn't expect to have to take charge of everything, considering I have no experience at all.

While she has no intention of disobeying the Commander's orders, JS9 still has her doubts about them.

She has no experience organizing a furniture expo. In fact, she hasn't even been to one before.

JS9: That's why I hate doing things outside my job scope...

Still, it's unavoidable.

It is a last-minute job, so the team is severely understaffed.

JS9 isn't the only one doing something that they're not used to - so are many others.

JS9: I have to do this...

In any case...let's head out and see what everyone else is doing.

JS9: It's chaos out there... Come to think of it, hardly anyone else has relevant experience, not just me.

JS9: They don't know what they should be doing now, do they?

DP-12: Hm? JS9?

DP-12: Are you here to check on things?

JS9: Yeah... We're going to open soon, so I want to take a look at how everything is going.

DP-12: I see. So, do you have any wisdom you'd like to pass down?

JS9: Wisdom? No...no I don't, I don't know anything about this either.

JS9: Er... Well, no matter what happens, make sure to keep your energy levels up. T91 should be around in a bit to deliver our supplies.

DP-12: ...

DP-12: Mm, I understand. Thank you.

JS9: What on earth am I saying...

JS9: Oh, Gr MG36!

JS9: Remember to use a trolley when moving heavy items!

Gr MG36: Roger!

Gr MG36: ...But isn't that a given? I can't move big pieces of furniture by myself.

JS9: ...You have a point.

JS9: Ah, EM-2, don't tip your chair back!

EM-2: Sorry~

All of JS9's pointers are essentially about trivial things.

The Dolls are all busy with their own tasks and can only take JS9's advice as a sign of her concern, but the truth is she isn't helping at all. JS9 knows that only all too well.

JS9: What on earth am I doing...

JS9: This is why I hate doing things beyond my capabilities.

I'd expected something like this would happen when this assignment was dumped on my lap.

I can't do what I can't do. That's just simple logic.

The more capable you are, the more responsibility you have to bear, which means on the flip side, you shouldn't bite off more than you can chew, right?

JS9: At this rate...this furniture expo is going to be finished before it even begins.

A transmission comes through.

MG34: Hello? Is this JS9?

JS9: JS9 here, I copy.

JS9: What's the matter, MG34?

MG34: I've started letting the customers in, there's a bunch of interested people here already.

MG34: I couldn't keep them outside because there are quite a lot of them and they've been waiting for a while already.

MG34: They would probably be really displeased if I kept them here any longer...

JS9: What? But we haven't finished setting up all the furniture in the venue hall yet.

JS9: Oh no...

JS9 looks at the exhibition hall. It's still a mess.

Even DP-12, the most reliable one of them all, seems utterly at a loss about what to do with the furniture.

JS9: ...

I can't just give up here, or this exhibition is really going to be a failure.

JS9: Right. I'll think of something on my end.

JS9: Keep on doing your thing.

DP-12: I haven't finished setting up yet and they're already letting the guests in...

DP-12: Now where should I put this big cabinet?

JS9: Sorry, DP-12. Do you have something that needs putting away?

JS9: I'll come over in a bit to help you, so please hang in there!

DP-12: I'll be fine, just leave this place to me.

DP-12: Also, relax, JS9.

JS9: Is my anxiety so apparent?

DP-12: It's quite obvious to me, at the very least.

JS9: I'm sorry. Maybe I'm not cut out for this...

DP-12: We'll only know that once this mission is over.

DP-12: Until then, do the best you can. I'll be with you too.

JS9: Alright... I feel a little more at ease now.

JS9: See you later!

DP-12: See you later, JS9.

The transmission ends.

JS9: ...What should I do now?

Though she's feeling somewhat more motivated, she still has no idea what she should do next.

Just as JS9 is wavering indecisively, the first batch of customers enter the hall.

Passerby A: They said this was a Chinese furniture expo, so I came over to take a look...

Passerby A: But what is this, did they just open up a warehouse and start selling the contents?

Passerby B: Don't say that.

Passerby B: Warehouses have very sophisticated storage systems in place. After all, they need to put as many things as they can inside, but they don't want to damage the goods, right?

Passerby B: Comparing this place to a warehouse would be an insult to the professionalism of the warehouse staff.

Passerby C: Hm... Did they put that screen in backward?

JS9: ...

JS9: It's over...

JS9 takes a deep breath.

The customers' discussion resounds in JS9's heart like the tolling of a bell.

JS9: ...What nonsense am I talking, we've only just begun.

JS9: Granted, not biting off more than I can chew is my motto.

JS9: But I hate giving up halfway even more.

Still, what should I do?

If the furniture arrangement isn't good enough, then I simply need to pay more attention to that, right?

But then, how should I arrange it to please the customers' sense of aesthetics?

JS9: ...Hm?

JS9 notices that EM-2 is surrounded by customers. Drops of sweat are forming on her forehead and she seems to be trying to tinker with her phone.

Passerby A: What's she fiddling with?

EM-2: Huh? Where did all these people come from...

EM-2: But I haven't fixed the phone yet, and I haven't researched the furniture either...

JS9: So there's something wrong with her phone, huh...

JS9: No, more importantly...

JS9 takes in the furniture strewn messily around EM-2.

JS9: I see... I think I saw a layout diagram like this before.

JS9 quickly consults her neural cloud.

She suddenly recalls a painting of maidservants from ancient China, and the contents of the painting are quite similar to the scene before her now.

JS9: I see...

JS9: EM-2, what are you setting up here?

EM-2: JS9! I...

JS9's arrival is like the advent of the Messiah to EM-2.

Sensing EM-2's elation, JS9 can't help but feel motivated.

JS9: I bet you couldn't find any relevant info about these unusual pieces of furniture...

JS9: I know how hard this must be for you. Come, I'll help you rearrange your display area.

JS9: I just got a great idea from what you have here!

JS9 skillfully rearranges the furniture.

JS9: This is a screen; its purpose is to demarcate spaces and to block drafts from entering the interior.

JS9: I'll put it here and give you a place to use your phone.

JS9: This is a stool. You sit on it to rest when you're tired.

JS9: And this is a table, you can put your phone on it...

EM-2: Wow...

EM-2 can only marvel in silent wonder as she watches JS9 lay out the display booth with immaculate precision.

JS9: What are you standing here for? Go get changed.

EM-2: Eh? Do I have to change?

JS9: Of course! When conducting a Chinese furniture expo like this, the retail staff always change into similarly-styled clothing.

JS9: This isn't just to add to the atmosphere of the expo, but also to show off our professional standards.

JS9: So go change into your qipao while I'm rearranging your area.

EM-2: Got it. Is there anything else a salesperson ought to be able to do?

JS9: Hm... Well, sales isn't just about flogging your highest-priced products, but about satisfying your customers' desires to the best of your abilities!

JS9: That's very important, but you can't cram for it at the last minute. It needs to be learned over time.

JS9: Go change first. We'll start with a professional appearance.

EM-2: ...Alright, I'll leave this place to you until I get back.

EM-2 turns and leaves.

JS9: Alright...

JS9: Now, I need to figure out a way to make this place look better before EM-2 comes back.

The pressure that was making JS9's head spin earlier seems to have vanished entirely.

She eagerly begins to lay out the display booth, and her practiced motions make it look like she's done this before.

She doesn't even notice EM-2 returning.

EM-2: JS9, I'm back!

EM-2: Wow— I can hardly recognize this place...

JS9: You came back just in time. Stand here and give it a try.

EM-2: Alright. Wow, it feels totally different just standing here and making a call...

JS9: Excellent, this is exactly what I was aiming for.

JS9: Since I've finished my work here, I'll go on to check on the next booth!

JS9: Do your best, EM-2.

EM-2: Sure thing, thank—

JS9 hurries off before EM-2 even finishes her sentence.

She feels totally fired up now, like a locomotive at full speed.

What had seemed completely beyond her an hour ago is now a compelling challenge.

Passerby A: Hm? Hey! Take a look at this, it looks pretty good.

Passerby B: What? Let me see... Wow...that model looks so pretty...

Passerby C: I meant the furniture! This screen would look charming in my dining room.

Passerby C: But yeah, the model looks good too.

Passerby D: A crowd has gathered round in an instant... It's completely different from before. What on earth happened?

JS9: As long as it's well-placed, even a single piece of furniture can shine in a different light.

JS9: They may not be used as they're intended, but that only unlocks their hidden potential.

Passerby D: Well said... Though I have the feeling you're not talking about furniture at all.

JS9: You may interpret that however you wish, dear customer. I hope you have a pleasant viewing experience.

Not only has JS9 completely shed her cares and worries, she even finds it easy to engage in conversation with the customers.

"The more people who need me, the more I can do."

That thought really puts a spring in her step.

Passerby: (Groans) You're actually bowing... A-alright then, I'll let it slide. In any case, please fix it quickly!

JS9: Sorry I'm late, DP-12...huh? Why's that person running off like that?

JS9: And is he having a nosebleed?

DP-12: I think so? It must be hard to have to come out shopping even when you're ill.

JS9: I don't understand why humans push themselves like that. So these items haven't been set up yet?

DP-12: Yeah, it's mainly this big cabinet here. I honestly have no idea where it should go.

JS9: Ah, this one goes ...

...

DP-12: Thank you for your hard work. JS9. You helped me out a lot.

JS9: You're making me blush... Don't mention it! I'd better go.

JS9: Apologies, everyone! This booth needs to be rearranged, so please take a look at our other booths in the meantime!

Gr MG36: ...JS9. Why are you in such a hurry?

JS9: Didn't you realize how many people were here?

JS9: Just squeezing in took me a lot of effort.

Gr MG36: Sorry about that. So what needs to be fixed?

JS9: Now, this furniture...

...

JS9: Hm... Alright, let's lay it out like this.

JS9: What do you think?

Gr MG36: It definitely looks more orderly than just now...like something you'd see in everyday life.

JS9: Good.

JS9: I gotta go, so do your best!

Under JS9's directions, a fever seems to have swept over the furniture expo and the number of purchases begins to skyrocket. The event is, all in all, a resounding success.

By the time the Commander arrives, the crowds are thinning and the customers have basically dispersed.

Commander: I took the fastest flight I could to get here.

Commander: Still, I guess it wasn't fast enough.

Commander: I didn't make it in time after all.

JS9: Thanks for coming, Commander.

Commander: No, thank YOU, JS9.

Commander: How are things?

JS9: The expo went very well.

JS9: There were some difficulties at first, but we overcame them soon enough.

JS9: The number of attendees and our sales figures far exceed our projections.

JS9: Essentially, our mission is accomplished.

Commander: There's still some wrapping up to do, right?

Commander: Let me help with that.

JS9: Understood.

JS9: We'll be counting on you, Commander.

Commander: You seem to be in a good mood. Did something good happen?

JS9: Something good?

JS9 gives that a thought.

JS9: No, I was just doing my job.

JS9: More importantly, I have more details regarding the furniture expo to report.

Commander: Oh? Alright... Go ahead.

What JS9 doesn't realize is that her pleasure is written all over her face for all to see.

Although the reason behind her high spirits is a mystery, the Commander is happy just seeing her happy.

JS9: Oh yes, Commander.

Commander: Hm?

JS9: In the future...

JS9: I don't mind if you give me missions which challenge my limitations just a little bit.

Commander: Ah...

The Commander seems to have an inkling about why JS9 is in such good cheer.

After all...what else could be more gratifying than looking back and seeing how far you've come?