...In the banquet hall.

The game with the unexpected guest is over. The Griffin representatives suffered a very thorough defeat in the end.

K2 looks at M99, who's in despair, and Gr G28, who's in a daze, then stares at the temporary stage that's being built, and sighs heavily.

K2: (Everyone seems to be in a terrible mood... Even if it's just a game, losing feels awful.)

K2: (If I had known this was going to happen, I wouldn't have agreed to play this "Texas Hold 'Em"...)

K2: (How did things turn out this way?)

...Let's turn back the clock to a few hours ago.

K2 is hanging around the table, studying the large assortment of desserts with great interest.

K2: This one looks so pretty – just like a flower. I wonder what it tastes like.

K2: Hmm, let me try...

K2: Oh! Such refreshing sweetness – fantastic...

Oooh, so you've got a sweet tooth.

K2: Ack! Who's there?!

K2 is startled by an unfamiliar female voice coming from behind.

She hurriedly swallows the mouthful of dessert that almost got stuck in her throat and turns around.

A silver-haired Doll is standing before her. Even though her eyes are closed, K2 still has a feeling that she's been scanned thoroughly from head to toe.

Silver-haired Doll: Data update.

Silver-haired Doll: Griffin T-Doll K2 has low tolerance to spiciness BUT does have a sweet tooth.

K2: I-I don't have a sweet tooth!

K2: Wait...who are you? How do you know about me?

Silver-haired Doll: I'm...a secret weapon that works under Griffin's top brass. You can call me AK-12.

K2: Griffin's top brass?

K2: I've never seen you before...nor is there any information about you in the database. Who are you, really?

AK-12: As a secret weapon, of course my file would be classified.

AK-12: You certainly can't access it with your level of authorization.

K2: But if you're a secret weapon, why would you be swaggering around in broad daylight?

AK-12: I'm on vacation.

AK-12: If you don't believe me, feel free to ask the Commander.

K2: Hmm...this still smells fishy.

AK-12: Why don't we play a little game to get to know each other better?

K2: A game?

AK-12: Let's play a game of poker. The loser has to perform at the end of the cocktail party.

K2: I'm...not interested.

AK-12: This is a multi-player game. Don't you want to see your friends on stage?

K2: But none of them are particularly good at performing... Shoving them on stage on short notice will make them uncomfortable.

AK-12: You already assume that you and your friends are going to lose?

K2: ...Ack!

AK-12: Do you have so little faith in yourselves?

AK-12: Is that what the leader of "ATK" amounts to?

K2: What?! How do you know about that...?

AK-12: Speaking of which, I once heard the rumor that the leader of "ATK" was actually someone else.

AK-12: How strange... Do I have to update my database again?

K2: Don't believe that kind of nonsense!

K2: The real leader of ATK is me, K2!

AK-12: A leader who doesn't even dare to play a harmless game? These baseless rumors are going to gain traction at this rate.

K2: ...

AK-12: Well, I won't force you. Guess I'll just find someone else... Perhaps some brave soul would be willing to fight for Griffin's glory in your place.

AK-12: Oh, but most of these Dolls working in the outlying bases are probably cowards like you...

K2: Stop right there!

K2 stops AK-12 as she is turning to leave.

AK-12: What now?

K2: I don't care what you say about me...but I won't let you belittle my Griffin friends!

K2: It's just a card game, right? Show us what you've got!

...

K2: Dammit! Now that I think about it...AK-12 definitely lured us into this trap!

K2: Are all senior Dolls this devious?!

AK-12: A game is a game. I didn't cheat.

AK-12: And you participated willingly enough... Isn't it a bit childish of you to feel that way now?

K2: ...Eeep!

K2: You...come and go like a ghost...

AK-12: I've been here for a while.

AK-12: You probably didn't notice me because you're too busy with those silly thoughts tumbling in your neural cloud.

K2: You...heard everything?

AK-12: As the winner, I can graciously pretend that I didn't hear anything – as long as you live up to your end of the bargain.

K2: Then...as the winner, why don't you graciously perform with us on stage?

AK-12: Don't be cheeky.

AK-12: Trying to back out on a deal after you lost and dragging innocent bystanders down with you if you can't... That's not very nice, is it?

K2: You're not an innocent bystander at all!

K2: You challenged us to that kind of game even though you're an elite T-Doll... You just wanted to bully us!

AK-12: Bully you? Not at all.

AK-12: Unlike a certain cheater, we take this extremely seriously. To do your best in a game is to show your opponents the greatest respect.

AK-12: Would you have been happy if we had thrown the game to let you win?

K2: Of course not...

AK-12: So are you going to perform, Miss Sweet Tooth?

K2: Don't call me that!

AK-12: Your friends are all down in the dumps, so you want to drag me on stage to save them face.

AK-12: I understand that, but caring too much about face will only make you suffer.

AK-12: Just as how you insist on pretending you can take spicy food when you actually can't.

K2: I-I can take spicy food!

K2: If you don't believe me, we can go to a restaurant when this party is over and—

AK-12: That can wait, but the stage is almost ready.

K2 looks at the stage and purses her lips.

AK-12: ...Well? Be a good sport, will you?

K2: I... Hmm, fine. But there are so many people...

AK-12: Relax. Think of it in a different way – this isn't a punishment; it's an opportunity for you to shine.

K2: ...Humph. I'm only doing this to set a good example for the juniors.

K2: Besides, I've conquered all the dance arcade machines in Pocket City!

Just like spicy food, a solo dance is just a walk in the park!

...Several minutes later.

K2: ...It's finally over.

After K2 delivered on her promise, the cocktail party comes to an end. The guests have taken their leave and the banquet hall becomes empty.

As the excitement from dancing gradually subsides, K2 takes in the stage on which she just performed and chuckles at the irony.

K2: Seriously, I'm such an idiot.

K2: Not only did I not stand up to AK-12 for my friends, I got talked into doing that dance...

K2: I'm not a good team leader at all...

I gaze at K2's dejected figure from behind. As I'm thinking about how to cheer her up, the cocktail party organizer walks up to me.

...This might be a good chance.

I also walk up and start chatting with him.

K2, come here for a second.

K2: Commander?

Hearing my call, K2 makes her way over to us. Upon seeing the organizer, she freezes for a moment, but soon comes to her senses, holds up her skirts, and gives him a curtsy.

Let me introduce you. This is the organizer of our cocktail party.

K2: Hello, I am Griffin T-Doll K2.

Griffin's performance was marvelous even though it was ad-hoc.

In particular, your dance was outstanding, Miss K2.

K2: Huh?!

K2: Um...thank you.

Our guests were very happy with your performance, so please accept our gratitude.

...

After bidding the organizer farewell, K2 and I head over to the meet-up point outside the banquet hall.

You seem to be in a much better mood.

K2: What do you mean...?

I thought you'd feel bad about AK-12 making fun of you.

K2: Oh, that... I wasn't happy that we lost so pitifully...

Sigh, they're a handful even for me. Thank you for humoring them today.

K2: Don't mention it, Commander.

K2: To tell you the truth...it stopped bothering me so much when I saw how much everyone in the audience enjoyed my performance.

K2: Besides, I've never done anything like this before. Now that I think about it, it's quite a refreshing experience.

Really?

K2: Yeah, I actually plan to share this story with my teammates.

K2: That Texas Hold 'Em was pretty fun, too.

Ahem, don't get carried away though.

K2: Haha...I'll keep that in mind.

K2: After all, I did learn a lesson today.

Speaking of a lesson, K2... You actually like dancing a lot, don't you?

K2: What makes you think so?

You almost seemed like a different person when you were on stage.

K2: Different?

You seemed really free, as if you were born to do this.

You're like a shining star when you're on stage.

K2: A-All this praise is making me a bit embarrassed...

K2: But to be honest, I do enjoy singing and dancing. It's just that I don't get to do these things very often.

Then how do you feel about having more opportunities to pursue your passion?

K2: Huh? You mean...

Actually, I ran into a talent scout earlier today.

I never really thought about it, but having seen your performance, it gets me thinking...

If you have the choice, perhaps you can start a career that's more suited to you...

K2: ...

K2: Are you firing me, Commander?

K2: Is my performance at Griffin so unacceptable that you have to send me packing...?

No, no! Don't take this the wrong way!

Your performance has been stellar, K2.

I'm just worried that your duties as a Tactical Doll are stopping you from becoming a star.

K2: ...Pfft.

K2 stares at me and suddenly bursts out laughing.

K2: So even you have silly moments like me, Commander!

How can you call your commanding officer silly? Where are your manners?!

K2: I'm sorry. Still, there are many things that I enjoy doing, Commander.

K2: I like singing and dancing. I like fighting.

K2: I like eating spicy food. I like spending time with my friends at Griffin.

K2: I also like...chatting with you.

K2: I'm here by choice. Even if I had the chance to choose again, I'd still choose to work for Griffin.

That's very reassuring to know.

K2: I'm sorry if I made you worry...Commander.

By the way, I noticed you didn't eat much throughout the whole party. Was something wrong with the desserts?

K2: No, I tried them. They were very delicious.

K2: I didn't eat much because of some other reason.

What reason?

K2: They're all too sweet. I need to uphold my dignity as an advocate for spicy food!

...

K2: But I did discover many desserts that I really like the look of. I've decided to try to make some at our café – and giving them a spicy spin!

What, spicy desserts?

K2: That's right, the spiciness will surely make them super memorable!

K2: You've got to come and have a taste... Hopefully once you try them, you'll stop thinking about ditching me!

Uh...

Please have mercy on me...

...

I have spent another year with these girls – a year that ended with a lovely surprise, though our new beginning was marked with a scary one.

Still, whether these surprises were lovely or scary, they'll all become a part of our memory...

An unforgettable night of sweetness, bewilderment, and laughter.