...Before the cocktail party.

Inside the dorms.

K5 looks at the results of her divination, and she can't help but get a little nervous.

K5: My upcoming luck is very bad... In that case, would it be better to stay in the dorm and not set foot outside?

K5: But we're about to go to the cocktail party... I should have done my fortune-telling before I accepted the invitation... (Sighs)

Knock knock.

The sound of knocking on the door is accompanied by a girl shouting from outside the room.

MDR: K5! Oi, are you in there, hag?!

MDR: The chopper's here and the Commander says we have to go!

K5 glances back at the table one last time and rushes to answer the door.

MDR: What were you doing? You took so long.

K5 smiles and shakes her head, then she helps MDR adjust her off-center headscarf.

K5: (Sighs) At least my luck in "interpersonal communication" isn't too bad. Perhaps tonight won't be a disaster...I hope.

...Half an hour later.

At the cocktail party.

The guests at the cocktail party are talking and laughing, while the other Dolls seem to be doing what interests them.

K5 stands in a corner, boredly swirling the glass of champagne in her hand.

K5: Surely I can't do anything wrong if I don't do anything, right?

K5: In any case, I need to get through the low-luck phase first...huh?

K5 stops muttering to herself as she notices the strange fluid trails on her champagne glass.

Through the glass, K5 sees the guest opposite her.

K5: That lady...?

K5: Wait a minute, so that's the meaning of the omen I just saw.

K5 quickly walks over to the guest in the fancy dress and politely introduces herself.

And then—

K5: Miss, I understand that what I'm about to say may sound very offensive, but I would ask you to be very mindful of your dress tonight, as it might suffer damage...or rather, it might be the subject of bad luck.

K5 is going to say something else, but her sincere tone does not stop the guest's face from hardening.

The guest does her best to force a polite smile, then turns lightly on her heel to continue interacting with her neighbors.

K5 froze in place, tilting her head as she ruminates at great length.

K5: But her dress is really going to get torn...

Just then, there is a small disturbance in the venue hall.

K5 promptly forgets her embarrassment and presses in to see what is going on.

K5: Are they playing a game? It looks fun, our Dolls are playing against...a couple of girls I don't know?

K5: Alrighty then ♪. I'll cast a fortune to see if Griffin will win—

???: I have to say, casting a fortune for the results is just demotivating.

???: Yes, it's one thing to take the surprise away, but surely foretelling a bad result is going to affect your competitive spirit, right?

As K5 eagerly prepares to make a move, she suddenly hears a discussion from behind her.

K5 freezes for a moment. She doesn't turn to see who it is, nor does she continue watching the match. Instead, she pushes through the congregating audience and heads out to the balcony to get some air.

K5: Honestly, it seems that going out today meant running into bad luck.

K5: And my luck in inter-personal communication is simply terrible!

Strangely enough, the balcony is much quieter than the inside of the hall, even though there is no wall separating them.

K5 rests her elbows on the railing and cups her chin as she looks out at the moon hanging in the sky. The wind lightly caresses the strands of her hair, but the night breeze does nothing to improve her mood.

???: You're not dancing. Are you waiting for your prince?

The sudden voice somewhat startled K5. She looks back to see who it was, and then the expression on her face softens.

K5: What nonsense are you talking now, Commander?

I approach her, leaning my back on the railing, and I look to the side just in time to see K5 gathering a lock of hair behind her ear.

The pale blonde strands spill between her fingers, and they look like they're glowing.

Commander: Not going to have fun with the others?

Commander: It's a celebration today, you know. These occasions don't come by often.

K5: (Sighs) I know, but my luck today is absolutely wretched.

K5: I think I should just wait here by myself and not cause problems for others.

Commander: Hm, right now, I'm the only one that you can cause problems for.

K5 looks at the Commander.

Commander: What, not going to tell me about it?

Commander: Who did you cause problems for just now?

K5: I foretold that a lady would have her dress damaged tonight, but after I warned her, she stormed off. She seemed very angry.

Commander: I can understand how she felt.

K5: Then I saw everyone was going to play a game of cards, so I thought I would foretell the odds for Griffin...

Commander: Let me guess, hm. Someone replied along the lines of "it's not fun if you know the outcome", right?

K5: That's amazing! I expected nothing less of you, Commander!

K5: (Sighs) I just wanted to help everyone out. I wasn't really thinking about it back then.

K5: But tonight, I just feel like...like I'm some kind of jinx.

Commander: Just because you couldn't help out?

K5 falls silent for a while and looks away from the Commander. Her unfocused gaze drifts toward the distant stars.

K5: It's not just being unable to help out...

K5: Commander, if fate is going to take a turn for the worse, does that make me, who knows this beforehand, a scourge or something?

Commander: What nonsense are you spouting?

K5: I'm not too sure if telling someone about impending ill fortune makes you part of that ill fortune too.

Commander: Of course not.

Commander: You're just a step ahead of everyone else. There's nothing wrong with that.

K5: But everyone looks grim when they hear bad news...

K5: Is it because I told them about it...

Commander: Hold it. You're getting hung up on a tiny detail.

Commander: Whether it's good or bad luck, it won't change because you saw it and spoke about it.

Commander: Everyone else is simply expressing their resignation to a fixed future.

K5: Huh? Are you a fatalist too, Commander?

Commander: Heh, I'm not.

Commander: The me from last night wouldn't have believed that my present self would be destined to suffer from the flu. After all, this is a celebration event which only comes by once in a blue moon...

Just then, K5 notices that the jacket which the Commander is wearing doesn't seem to have come from Griffin. She chuckles, and then reaches out to adjust the Commander's collar.

K5: Then I'd better stay away from you. I don't want to pick up the fate of catching a cold.

I take K5's hand and slip it into my jacket pocket.

The moon is very bright, casting a gentle light on K5's face. The tension there has faded considerably.

Commander: You can't. You are now invited to face a difficult future with your commanding officer.

K5 giggles, but she seems a little crestfallen after that.

K5: I wish I could always foretell good futures and not difficult ones.

Commander: That would be selfish.

K5: But who would want to have a difficult future?

Commander: Nobody would.

K5 remains silent. Her forelocks droop low, obscuring her eyes. Instead, the Commander reaches out and gently pats her on the head.

Commander: Still, I would accept a future like that.

Commander: It's unavoidable, and since it's unavoidable, why not accept what fate has in store? The truth is, there's nothing bad about doing so.

K5: That sounds very pessimistic.

Commander: Does it? I simply believe in the phrase "bottoming out".

K5: Hm?

Commander: When you get a prediction of a "difficult future", how do you know it doesn't imply that afterwards, things will get better?

K5: I don't quite get your meaning.

Commander: (Sighs) You're usually quite bright, so why is it that you don't understand anything after deadlocking yourself?

K5: Am I...getting myself hung up on something?

Commander: Indeed.

Commander: Think about it this way, if it wasn't for me working until I became sick yesterday and those girls wanting to play cards, I wouldn't be here right now, and I wouldn't be talking to you in your new dress.

K5: Does this fall under "things getting better"?

Commander: Of course.

Commander: Perhaps our conversation would not have taken place if a few people had not been inconvenienced.

Commander: And I am very glad that we are having this conversation.

K5 tilts her head and looks at the Commander. Her eyes narrow, and the stars are reflected in her pupils.

K5: You're not a fatalist after all. You're a sophist.

Commander: I am what you say I am.

Commander: However, seeing you get all sentimental after a simple setback doesn't seem like the K5 I know at all.

K5: I did not...

Commander: You normally yell and shout and run around every day, dragging the other Dolls in your wake to help foretell this and divine that. Isn't that you?

Commander: Fortunately my eyes can see the truth and I know that your neural cloud isn't as calm as you appear to be.

K5: But-but everyone looks like they have their own problems, so I want to help them...

Commander: That's it. That's the K5 I know, the silly goose who runs around helping others.

Commander: Tell me, who are you? Why are you suddenly doubting yourself? She'd never do that.

K5 suddenly laughs out loud and jabs the Commander with the hand still in the jacket pocket.

K5: You always know how to make fun of me!

Commander: Personally, I like seeing you running around and making a fuss.

Commander: Also, if destiny was leading you to a bad place and you knew what would happen, would you abandon your hobbies and change your personality because of that?

K5: I...

Commander: Then let me do a divination of my own now.

Commander: Mhm, I see. I understand. The girl in front of me hasn't had a single dessert all night and her tummy's about to rumble, right?

K5: H-how could my tummy rumble! That's terribly unladylike!

Commander: Alright, I ought to head back and see how things are going.

Commander: Wait for me, I'll be back with some desserts.

K5 smiles and nods as she watches the Commander leave.

She leans against the railing and observes thoughtfully as the moon in the sky is shrouded by the clouds and emerges from behind them again.

K5: Yeah, why would I ever give up on my passion because of such a small thing?

K5: No matter how my destiny might change, all I need to do is respond appropriately, right?

K5: I wonder about that girl's dress... Hm, maybe I should be more careful about how I warn people, then?

K5's suddenly stops muttering to herself, and a sweet and tender smile blooms on her face.

K5: Come to think of it, my luck in inter-personal communication was pretty good after all~♪

...At the same time.

Somewhere in the banquet hall.

Commander: Wasn't she basically just the weather forecaster before? How did she get good enough to actually predict the immediate future?

Commander: It looks like I'll need to consult her before I set out next time and organize our activities on a day when DEFY isn't around...