Darkness. Crushing darkness.

...

"I heard the summons of Destiny from afar..."

"Aw, why so mean, we're both Griffin Dolls, right? Shouldn't we get along?"

"Hehe, relax, I simply want to take part in your antics for once."

...

"Good morning, O Chosen One."

KSVK: It seems my slumber has persisted too long. How far has the world turned?

KSVK: I thought I had engraved the phantasms I just saw into my mind, but they faded and scattered with the opening of my eyes. Is this the nature of dreams, or are memories as ephemeral as smoke...

KSVK: In that case, tell me, oh Chronicler. What time is it now?

Alarm Clock: Ding dong— I have been summoned by the great Lady KSVK! The time now is 19:03 pm!

KSVK: ...I have tarried far longer than I expected. I must move now for the sake of the destined gathering.

KSVK: I will face the oncoming storm in perfect form.

Alarm Clock: Go go, Lady KSVK, go!

QBU-88: Are you awake yet, KSVK?!

QBU-88: Hurry and open up if you are, I've been waiting a long time for you!

KSVK: The aperture never bars those who wish to enter. If you draw near with the purpose to visit, then...

QBU-88: It's not locked, right? Then I'm coming in.

KSVK: Uh, hold...

QBU-88: ...What are you doing?

KSVK: As you can see, I am preparing for tonight's festivities.

QBU-88: Tonight's festivities? Is something going on tonight?

KSVK: Have you not heard? Tonight's main event is a feast that ignites the fears of all and serves them up for the enjoyment of the masses.

QBU-88: Ah, you mean the test of courage? That was last night, have you gone stupid from oversleeping?

KSVK: ...Last night?

QBU-88: Yes, XM8's been hanging from the café entrance all day.

QBU-88: From what I heard, Gr G36 was really mad and wouldn't listen to anyone until the Commander pleaded with her to let XM8 down.

KSVK: She was not a guest tonight... I mean, last night.

QBU-88: Who knows? Apparently she tricked Gr G36c into taking her clothes off.

KSVK: So, o unexpected guest, would you care to explain the reason for your arrival?

QBU-88: Ah, yes, you really pulled a fast one on me yesterday!

KSVK: I do not recall encountering you, whether in the corridor, in the main hall, or in any location our feet could have taken us.

QBU-88: Cut the crap! I recorded what you told me!

QBU-88: "Those who never give anything will never receive anything. There is no escaping this principle during tonight's activities. Among the prizes which this year's organizers have furnished is a 20%-off discount coupon, valid at all supermarkets."

KSVK: It did sound like something I would say, and it was indeed my voice. But I have no recollection of this...

KSVK: And my internal clock states that today is Halloween.

Alarm Clock: Lady KSVK! Lady KSVK! Halloween was yesterday!

QBU-88: See, even your...what is that, anyway? An abandoned Fairy?

KSVK: It is a broken Fairy. At least when it is with me, it can still contribute its remaining vigor as an alarm clock.

QBU-88: Alright, then your Fairy alarm clock knows the date better than you do.

QBU-88: Honestly, how clueless can someone be...

KSVK: Do you have a complete record of everything which transpired yesterday in your neural cloud?

QBU-88: Of course. I know everything, from how you tricked me to how you stuffed M870 into a pumpkin.

KSVK: From unclear transmission do errors spring, QBU-88.

QBU-88: ...Fine, I'll explain everything to you, but you'd better listen! And let me get this out of the way first, I'm not sure about the rest.

KSVK listens to QBU-88's narration as she gets dressed.

KSVK: The "me" that you describe is like the half-moon, veiled in shadow.

QBU-88: So you're saying that you have a split personality?

KSVK: There is no point in denying it; we must face reality head-on.

KSVK: But there is no falsehood in what I am telling you now.

QBU-88: Er...um...you don't look like you're lying either.

QBU-88: I'll believe you, then! But surely the KSVK that everyone saw wasn't a fake, right? Nobody could tell that something was wrong with her.

QBU-88: Also, when I was engaged in a transmission with that "you", the background was also...

QBU-88 turns back and suddenly freezes.

KSVK follows her gaze and finds a Dummy leaning against the wall in the corridor.

There is still some dust on it, suggesting that it's been out and about before this.

QBU-88: ...You were standing in that spot when you sent me that transmission yesterday.

KSVK: Things are becoming more and more intriguing now... I took leave of my senses, dreamed a dream that was not my own...and even went so far as to sleepwalk within it?

QBU-88: P-perhaps? This is starting to sound like a ghost story, but Halloween's over, isn't it?

KSVK: Though we stand in light, the truth is hidden in the mists, is it... Let me check her records.

Kalina: This is it! Thank you, Welrod. We couldn't have brought KSVK here without you. Thanks!

Welrod MkII/Speaker>;|: It is simply what I should have done.

Welrod drags KSVK onto the bed before leaving with Kalina.

After a while, the camera angle shifts.

KSVK?: Startup complete.

KSVK?: Humph...I can't believe hacking into a piece of trash like this without being detected would be so troublesome.

KSVK?: In any case, let's give the control systems a try.

Alarm Clock: Good morning, my lady! Happy Halloween!

KSVK: What is this...a drone? It's even less sophisticated than a Dinergate... Oh, Halloween, is it?

KSVK: So Griffin celebrates such an event...

Alarm Clock: I was recovered and rebuilt into an alarm clock! Celebrate! Celebrate! Your clothes are ready, you must celebrate!

KSVK?: And there are even specially prepared clothes...

KSVK?: Hey, what's going on tonight?

Alarm Clock: The Test of Courage! You're the host; you're going to heat things up!

KSVK?: Heat things up...an excellent idea.

KSVK?: I'll set the place on fire with this body, then. It'll be a grand fireworks display.

KSVK?: ...Hm?

KSVK?: So this body has a shred of self-awareness despite being a Dummy? It has a will that's resisting me. How interesting.

Alarm Clock: Danger, fire! Danger, fire!

KSVK?: Now then, let's try something else.

KSVK?: You gave me a hard time, so don't expect to get off easily.

KSVK?: Let's have a look at the data in your main unit...

KSVK?: The transmission goes through.

KSVK?: Is that QBU-88?

KSVK?: There is something you might covet in tonight's festivities.

QBU-88: Festivals like these don't mean anything to me. I'm not interested in celebrating them.

KSVK?: A 20%-off discount coupon.

QBU-88: Say whaaaaaaat?!

KSVK?: Those who never give anything will never receive anything. There is no escaping this principle during tonight's activities.

KSVK?: Among the prizes which this year's organizers have furnished is a 20%-off discount coupon, valid at all supermarkets.

The camera moves again, and the point of view leaves the dorm area.

...

KSVK: What a bizarre tale...

KSVK: This is not so much the dark side of the moon, but more like being invaded by a different shade of light.

QBU-88: ...It's cold.

???: You should be glad. Being able to feel the cold is proof that you're still alive.

KSVK: Are you still recalling your previous experiences?

QBU-88: Phew... What on earth WAS that? It was like you were possessed. Still, that tone sounded really familiar.

QBU-88: That's...yes, that's it!

KSVK: An enemy we've been fighting all this time...

???: Your judgment is correct.

QBU-88: Who's saying that I was right? ...Is it Sangvis Ferri?

QBU-88: It can't be. Even if the Dummy was infected by the Parapluie or whatever virus, it wouldn't be dumb enough to run around inside a Griffin base, right?

KSVK: That would not be a wise choice. A proper hunter would choose silence, until the moment comes to bring down their prey.

QBU-88: Then what could it be...a Dummy running out of control?

QBU-88: Or a bug in our programming?

KSVK: That guess might be the closest to the truth.

QBU-88: But it's just weird! It makes no sense!

QBU-88: Why did she do this? She obtained freedom after so much effort, but all she did was pull pranks...? Shouldn't she have run away?

KSVK: Perhaps she simply had nowhere to go.

KSVK: Like a lost child, or a prey being harried into a corner...

QBU-88: Or maybe she came back because she ran out of power.

QBU-88: When you put it that way, does it mean that even right now, she's... Just the thought sends a chill down my spine.

???: That is really offensive.

QBU-88: Well, there's no need to be scared, it's just the Dummy talking. It'll be fine as long as it doesn't move.

KSVK: It may be displeasing, but we would naturally have arrived at that conclusion anyway. I have a feeling that we are getting closer to the truth within the confusion...

???: The truth? You see this as the truth?

???: A riddle of this grade is nothing more than child's play. And you're calling it the truth? Don't make me laugh.

KSVK: ...QBU-88?

QBU-88: Huh?

KSVK: Such words do not suit you; return to the righteous path.

KSVK: It is only by staying yourself that you can achieve your wishes as quickly as possible.

QBU-88: What words? Weren't you talking to yourself just now?

KSVK: Me?

The Dummy that the two Dolls were messing with suddenly raises its head and flashes a twisted smile at them.

KSVK?: That was me just now.

KSVK?: Thanks to your loss of consciousness, I was finally able to free myself.

KSVK?: And now, it is time!

KSVK?: Come! Give me back everything you took from me!

QBU-88&KSVK: ...

QBU-88&KSVK: AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH—

...

...

Alchemist's Voice: How was that? Did you like my gift?

Alchemist's Voice: Happy Halloween, you worthless Griffin Dolls.