KSVK: Are you sure you're not attending the ball?

KSVK: It's a rare opportunity to leave your work behind and experience something new.

DP-12: They really can't spare me at Logistics. Besides, your evening dresses have already been made. It's too late for me to start preparing for it.

DP-12: Oh right, your dress has just arrived. I've put it in your room. Remember to try it on when you have time.

KSVK: Hm.

KSVK: Are you sure...that's my size?

KSVK: I can't possibly fit in that.

DP-12: Did you send the wrong measurements?

KSVK: I couldn't have. I sent them my default factory specs.

KSVK: I wonder if there's still time for alterations.

DP-12: The ball is in two days, right?

DP-12: I think the Commander ordered all the fabric in bulk.

KSVK: Yes, I also heard that QBU-88 had just enough to finish all the dresses, so she probably can't make another one for me...

KSVK: What should I do? I really can't fit into that dress, but everyone will be in formal dress that day...

DP-12: Is there any other way?

KSVK: I don't have another evening dress. I doubt anyone else would have one lying around either.

KSVK: I would be a party pooper for showing up in my usual clothes, wouldn't I?

DP-12: Don't you have a smaller body in the depot?

KSVK: I do, but I've switched back to my old body because that size wasn't practical for the recent battles.

DP-12: Maybe give that a go? It could come in useful now.

KSVK: I suppose that's the only possible solution.

DP-12: Don't worry, I'm sure it'll work out.

KSVK: Huh?

DP-12: Nothing. Just try on the dress with that body. I'll wait for your good news.

KSVK: It's a perfect fit.

KSVK: Could this be divine grace? So God does listen to prayers every now and then.

She closes the door of the depot carefully, then she hears a set of footsteps coming her way.

ST AR-15: Who's there?

KSVK: Huh...?

ST AR-15: Uh, since the alarm didn't go off, you must have been granted clearance.

KSVK: AR-15 can't tell it's me?

ST AR-15: You look familiar.

KSVK: Do I?

ST AR-15: You remind me of KSVK...

KSVK: ...That's only natural.

ST AR-15: Are you from the same line?

ST AR-15: Like a sister model?

KSVK: ...May I ask who you are, Miss?

ST AR-15: I'm ST AR-15, a colleague of KSVK's. Are you looking for her?

KSVK: Yes, please. I've never been here before, so I don't really know the way.

KSVK: I'm somehow enjoying this!

ST AR-15: No problem.

ST AR-15: Follow me to the reception room. This is the depot.

KSVK: Thanks.

KSVK: She's so friendly! I didn't know there's such a side to AR-15. She never shows it...

ST AR-15: I'm going to call KSVK.

...Beep beep beep...

KSVK's communicator comes alive.

KSVK: ...

ST AR-15: ...

ST AR-15: Sister?

ST AR-15: Ha.

KSVK: The photo studio is ready. Have you tried having your pictures taken?

ST AR-15: Don't change the subject.

KSVK: Hm? I've placed a lot of props and decorated the space. It's perfect for taking artistic portraits.

KSVK: I've even asked M200 for help. She's quite skilled in photography and is really good at taking extremely flattering photos without too much embellishment.

ST AR-15: How does she do that?

KSVK: Probably something to do with the lenses, lighting, and presets.

KSVK: Interested?

ST AR-15: I'll ask SOP-II and the others.

ST AR-15 turns and leaves.

KSVK: Portraiture will never fail to appeal to women. From charcoal sketches to photographs, the captured visage becomes eternal.

KSVK: It's been quite a refreshing experience to prank people.

KSVK: Do I usually give off an air of austerity that makes others difficult to relax around me? Now I'm curious...

KSVK: This will probably make somebody upset, but I still want to go ahead and do it.

KSVK: Ha, is that an evil thought? Interesting.

The lights in the banquet hall make the space as bright as day.

Music swirls through the air like a spring breeze.

M200: K...SVK? When did you get a new body?

KSVK: Oh, I was hoping I could fool you, but you saw right through me.

M200: I could see your signal ID when we talked.

M200: Since my correspondence was KSVK, you're still KSVK even though you're in a different body.

KSVK: Huh, looks like I'll have to mask my signal.

KSVK: Way to go, M200.

M200: ...It's nothing worth mentioning.

M200: So who are you trying to trick?

KSVK: Nobody in particular.

KSVK: Aren't you going to stop me?

M200: Huh? I don't see the harm as long as you don't go overboard.

KSVK: Well...

M200: Though someone will probably get angry.

KSVK: I derive joy from playing a trick while the victim experience exasperation. It's all about equivalent exchange.

KSVK: I'll make sure to apologize afterwards.

M200: Good.

KSVK: But may I ask you for a favor?

M200: Uh, sure.

M200: You're still talking about taking pictures, right? I have my camera set up.

KSVK: Yes, but I'd like you to take a few extra ones for me, especially during my prank.

M200: I'll do my best.

The bar is a great place for Dolls to mingle.

That also makes it the perfect place for a prank.

KSVK: May I have a Rose in the Snow?

Bartender: Of course. Any other special request?

KSVK: No, just mix it your way.

KSVK: A cocktail with such a name is bound to taste delightful.

???: That voice? Are you new around here?

A Doll in a pure white dress walks up to her.

It's Saiga-12.

Saiga-12: H...Hello! Huh? What a beauty! And you look kinda familiar...

KSVK: Me?

KSVK: She hasn't figured it out yet...

The lights suddenly go out with a snap.

KSVK: Ah!

KSVK: The others are probably getting ready for the first dance.

Saiga-12: Don't worry! This is part of the program. The dancing is going to start soon, so they're turning off the bright lights.

KSVK: I see... Thanks.

Saiga-12: Don't mention it. Say, have I seen you somewhere before?

KSVK: I look like KSVK, don't I? She's my elder sister, so of course we resemble each other.

Saiga-12: Huh?! Then...why did she leave you here all by yourself?

KSVK: She's busy with work today so she gave the invitation to me.

KSVK: You can just call me Dushevnaya.

Saiga-12: Dushevnaya... What a pretty name.

KSVK: She fell for it so easily... Generally speaking, the more gullible a victim is, the angrier she will be when she finds out she's been tricked. How should I apologize afterwards?

KSVK: Eh, I'll worry about that later.

A mellow song starts playing, and the hall is once again illuminated.

Bartender: Miss, here's your drink.

KSVK: Thank you.

Saiga-12: Aren't you going to dance?

KSVK: I'm sorry, but I don't dance.

Saiga-12: Not dancing at a ball? Isn't that a shame?

KSVK: Some flowers stubbornly refuse to bloom even in spring.

KSVK: Dancing isn't obligatory at every ball.

Saiga-12: Some flowers do bloom in winter.

Saiga-12: But if you don't give it a try, how do you know if you'll enjoy it?

KSVK: ...Do you treat everyone with the same enthusiasm?

Saiga-12: Certainly not!

Saiga-12: I...I'm your sister's colleague, so it's only right for me to look after you.

Saiga-12: I'm not forcing you to dance just because everybody's dancing. I'm inviting you to dance simply because it's fun.

KSVK: ...To be completely honest, I don't know how to dance, not even the most basic round dance.

Saiga-12: I can teach you!

Saiga-12: Round dance is one of the easiest dances to learn.

KSVK: Is it really that easy? I saw some Dolls practicing it in a rehearsal room.

Saiga-12: It IS that easy. Just imagine yourself as a rose chasing after the moon and searching for moonlight in the wind.

Saiga-12: When your dress swishes with you, you look just like a rose.

Saiga-12: You'll truly be a Rose in the Snow.

KSVK: What an interesting metaphor.

KSVK: I know she is definitely going to be furious when she finds out, but I'm having too much fun to stop.

DP-12 puts down the supplies that she's been organizing and smiles at KSVK.

DP-12: What happened then?

KSVK: Then I went back to the banquet.

DP-12: Do you like Saiga?

KSVK: Huh? What makes you say that?

DP-12: She invited you to dance. Just the two of you, outside.

DP-12: You actually agreed...and you were raring to go.

DP-12: If Zas hadn't exposed you...she would probably have stayed in the dark the whole night.

KSVK: Well, with my new identity, I just had to try something new.

DP-12: That doesn't sound like you at all.

DP-12: Your neural cloud seems to have changed along with your body.

KSVK: ...The physical change has probably brought out a hidden side in me.

KSVK: I've never played any tricks before, and I certainly didn't know pranking people can be so much fun.

DP-12: Harmless pranks are the spice of life.

KSVK: You're exactly right, which is why I invited her to afternoon tea.

DP-12: Hm? That's an interesting turn of events.

DP-12: But it's heartening to see you making new friends, Dushevnaya.

A hot cup of earl grey with cheesecake. What could be more relaxing than a nice afternoon tea?

KSVK: You aren't angry at all?

Saiga-12: I can't possibly be angry with you.

KSVK: Why?

Saiga-12: Because it's you, KSVK. You're cute no matter what you do.

KSVK: Cute? That's one word I never thought would ever be used to describe me. How unusual.

Saiga-12: Huh, but you ARE cute. I just don't want you to dislike me.

KSVK: Why would I?

KSVK: I actually think a Doll who doesn't get angry even after being pranked is even cuter. Even I would've lost my temper.

Saiga-12: Then...can I lend you something very precious to me?

KSVK: A photo magazine?

Saiga-12: That's right! This is my absolute favorite, and I'm only showing it to you.

Saiga-12: Not even the Commander has seen this one...

KSVK: Why is this such a big deal to you?

Saiga-12: Ha, looking at pretty girls together with a pretty girl – that's delightfully intimate, don't you think?

KSVK: So we grow closer by doing that, and then we become friends?

Saiga-12: Well, since I'm lending it to you, you're gonna have to return it...

Saiga-12: That way we'll get to see each other again...

KSVK: Pffft, you don't have to make it so complicated.

KSVK: Let's get together again next weekend.

Saiga-12: Oh, that's awesome!

Saiga-12: You didn't take the magazine, but somehow it feels like I've got myself a better deal!

KSVK: I was too uptight.

KSVK: Being friendly isn't embarrassing at all – it's actually very endearing!

Saiga-12: So we have an agreement on pretty girls?

KSVK: Yeah, I guess you can say that.

DP-12: Back in the dorm, DP-12 calls KSVK again.

DP-12: How did it go?

KSVK: It was fun, but I turned down a weird photo magazine.

DP-12: Sounds like you had a nice date.

KSVK: Come to think of it, why would they make the dress to the wrong measurements?

KSVK: And why did the dress fit a body that just so happens to be lying around? Helena... Don't tell me...

DP-12: My, my, the ball was so long ago, why are you still thinking about that?

DP-12: By the way, M200 has sent over the photos.

KSVK: Oh, I'm going to back them up.

KSVK: It was my one and only prank, but...I had so much fun!