It's 6:00am on the 25th of December.

I'm doing my rounds in order to ensure that the various preparations for Christmas are going smoothly.

Commander: I'll go check on the present-shopping first, then the distribution of the presents, followed by the decoration of the Christmas tree...

Commander: And then there's also the prep work for the Christmas party...

Commander: So why do I feel like I'm forgetting something?

Lewis: Good morning, Commander!

Commander: Good morning, Lewis.

Lewis: You're up early today, Commander. Is there a lot of work to be done for Christmas?

Commander: For me, not really. After all, you're the ones who're doing all the heavy lifting. I'm just coordinating and supervising.

Lewis: That's good. Looks like it won't interfere with our promise!

Lewis: That's right, Commander, you haven't forgotten our promise, have you?
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: ...How could I forget? Of course I remember.
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: What promise? Why don't I recall anything about it?

Commander: Could this be what I've forgotten?
If choice 1 was picked

Lewis: That's wonderful! ♪ You're such a nice person - both inside and out, Commander!

Lewis: Hehe, I'll go get ready, then!

Lewis: I'll come look for you when it's time.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: ...What promise? I don't seem to recall it.
If choice 2 was picked

Lewis: ...

Lewis: So you don't remember after all...
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Lewis, I'm sorry, there's just too much for me to keep track of...

Commander: The human memory can't compare to a Doll's neural cloud.

Commander: Please tell me about our promise again, I'll make sure I keep my part of it.
If choice 2 was picked

Lewis: I just can't get mad when I see that innocent face of yours.

Lewis: Alright then, our promise is still in effect.

Lewis: I'll go prepare myself and look for you afterwards.

Lewis runs off happily.

Commander: Did I really promise Lewis something?

Commander: Why don't I remember anything about it at all...

Commander: Looks like I'll have to ask Kalina to schedule a physical for me...

I continue making the Christmas work arrangements as I mutter to myself.

Inside the Griffin dorms.

Lewis sits in front of the mirror, diligently applying her makeup.

Lewis: My eyebrows aren't quite even... The right side seems a little thicker.

Lewis slightly lifts her eyebrow, carefully adjusting its shape with her eyebrow pencil.

Lewis: My brows should be done soon—

Snap—

Lewis' eyebrow pencil breaks between her tense fingers...

Lewis: Oh no! I just bought this eyebrow pencil and it's already...

Lewis: For some reason, the eyebrow pencil breaking before the Commander keeps our promise strikes me as an ill omen...

Lewis: Huh? Have I been infected by R93...?

Lewis hurries and puts on her necklace with the message-in-a-bottle pendant.

Lewis: I hope this brings me luck... Oh drifting bottle, please ensure that I'll be able to successfully keep my promise with the Commander...

After making a fervent wish on her bottle necklace, Lewis quickly throws on a coat and steps out of her dorm room.

Even with my rounds complete, my brow remain firmly furrowed.

Commander: ...So what IS this promise, anyway?

Lewis: Commander!

Lewis pops out in front of me, dressed in her Christmas outfit.

Commander: ...Lewis, your Christmas clothing this year looks amazing.

Lewis: Hehe, thanks for the praise, Commander!

Lewis: I just met Springfield and she said your work was finished for the moment.

Lewis: That means it's time to keep our promise.♪

Commander: Of course, but...

Lewis: Come with me, Commander.

Lewis: I've already picked out a good spot, now all that's left is for us to...

I wonder if I'm seeing things, but when Lewis looked back for just a moment just now, her face seemed very red...

Commander: And where are we going?

Lewis: Just follow me. Don't worry, I'll keep you safe.

Lewis' braid sways to the rhythm of her delighted footsteps.

I follow behind her, leaving the base in silence.

Commander: So the promised place isn't in the base?

Commander: Looks like I didn't promise to modify her or upgrade her body...

Lewis: Commander, do you still remember the present you gave me last Christmas?

Commander: Oh no...

Lewis: Back then, we took our presents from under the pretty Christmas tree, and then we opened them.

Lewis: Although the preparations for Christmas were tiring and time-consuming, the most vivid memory in my neural cloud...

Lewis: Is still that time when we laughed and smiled together.

Lewis turns around and shows me the necklace with the bottle pendant that I gave her.

Lewis: This is the present I received back then, and it's really pretty...

Lewis: Every time I look at it, I recall the happiness of that day.

Lewis: Therefore, I've decided that from now on, I would spend a happy Christmas with everyone each year.

I quietly breathe a sigh of relief.

Commander: Yeah, so to keep our promise, let's hurry up and join the Christmas party.

Lewis: Of course! Let's make haste, then, Commander!

Lewis' pace speeds up, and I have no choice but to pull my coat tightly around myself and follow her.

...15 minutes later.

Commander: Are we there yet, Lewis?

Lewis: Almost! Are you feeling tired, Commander?

Lewis: If you can't move any more, why don't you let me carry you?

Commander: No need for that! I can still walk. How much further is it?

I strain my eyes and look into the distance. Although I can't see very far on this snowy night, I estimate that we're still on the outskirts of the forest near the base.

Lewis: It's just ahead! We're almost at the place I found for this promise!~

Lewis smiles at me and runs ahead.

However, a surge of unease comes over me as I look at her cheerful form.

Commander: I'm heading into the woods on a snowy Christmas night with a girl. Could this be...

I unconsciously stop in my tracks.

Commander: Is it like the Christmas Murder Incident from the Gindaichi Case Files?!

Commander: An angry girl hid in the forest when her beloved forgot a promise and used a machine gun to...

My heart skips a beat at the thought.

Commander: No way, that can't possibly be true...

Commander: Haha, what was I even thinking?

I look back at the route we took here. It's nothing but snow, with nobody in sight.

Commander: She must have brought me to a secluded location like this because she wants to do something that she can't do in front of everyone else...

Commander: And the details of the promise must never be revealed to others...

Holding each others' hands tightly on a quiet patch of snowy ground while the snowflakes fall gently from the night sky...

An idea hits me like a stroke of lightning.

Commander: Wait... Don't tell me...

Commander: No way...

Lewis: Commander? Not coming?

Lewis: If you don't keep up, we won't be able to make it for the Christmas party later!

I force down the trembling that originates from deep within my heart and respond to her, then drag my rubbery legs through the snow and continue forward.

Commander: Lewis... Is she...

Commander: Is she going to confess her love to me?!

Commander: That can't be, right...?

The further I go, the more worried I get. I almost don't even realize that I'm walking funny.

Commander: What should I do? The Commander's manual didn't list a procedure for a situation like this...

Commander: I can't accept her feelings; it would be unfair to Lewis and the other Dolls...

Commander: But if I reject her, how am I going to get along with her from now on...?

My forehead is so wrinkled with worry and I'm so lost in thought that I don't even notice as Lewis walks back up to me.

Lewis: Pffft— What are you doing, Commander?

Lewis: Is this some kind of new trend?

Commander: Lewis, I...

Lewis: Alright, alright, close your eyes, Commander.

Lewis: It's time to keep your promise.

Lewis gently covers my eyes, then grabs my hand and pulls me through the darkness to parts unknown...

Snow crunches under my feet.

Meanwhile, Lewis's steady warmth flows into my hand.

Everything is silent, but my heart pounds thunderously, like an overloaded washing machine.

Commander: I hope Lewis doesn't hear this...

Lewis: We're here, Commander.

Lewis: It's time to keep your promise with me...

Lewis lets go of my hand, and my heart rate suddenly spikes.

However, nothing happens after that.

Lewis: Commander, open your eyes!

I do so, and a picture-perfect pine tree comes into view.

Lewis: What do you think? Isn't it pretty?

Lewis: I spent almost half a month picking out this Christmas tree!

Commander: Huh? Picking out a Christmas tree...?

Commander: Was that our promise...?

Lewis: Yup! Didn't we promise to enjoy a merry Christmas together every year?

Lewis: How can you call it Christmas if you don't have a Christmas tree?

Commander: We promised to celebrate Christmas together every year...

Commander: Which means I promised to pick a Christmas tree with you?

Lewis: So you DO understand, Commander!

Commander: Something's wrong with this whole situation, right? Still...

Commander: It looks like I'm the one with the problem, rather than Lewis...

Lewis: Commander, is something wrong with the tree I chose?

Commander: Of-of course not, I think it looks very good,

Commander: It's got a very good shape, and its branches are—

Commander: Huh? Is that a squirrel?

Lewis: It IS a squirrel! Wait, there's more than one of them...

Lewis: There's an entire nest of squirrels in this tree!

Commander: ...

Lewis: ...

Lewis, who had been fired up until now, suddenly deflates.

Commander: Shall we...help the squirrels move?

Lewis: ...

Lewis: The squirrels must have worked hard to prepare for this day too...

Lewis: They must have stocked up lots of food, invited their friends over, then they huddled up in their warm home together, chattering happily as they munched on their snacks...

Lewis: I can't bear to ruin the squirrels' Christmas just so we can have a merry Christmas...

Commander: ...There are still a lot of trees around here. Let's go find a new one for our Christmas tree.

Lewis, who was depressed just a moment ago, suddenly perks up again, and joins me in my quest to find a Christmas tree.

...10 minutes later.

Commander: What do you think of this one, Lewis?

Lewis: Hmm... It looks okaaay...

Commander: Then I'll ask some people from the base to help bring this tree back—

Before I can finish my sentence, Lewis pulls out a chainsaw from nowhere...

Lewis: No need for that, Commander. I'm all you need.

As I watch the sawdust thrown up by Lewis' chainsaw, I shudder slightly as I put down my communicator.

...Lewis puts down the chainsaw.

The tree topples lopsidedly.

As I step forward to trim the excess branches, I see Lewis staring off into the distance—

I follow her gaze.

Commander: Still thinking about the original tree?

Lewis: Well, it was the best-looking tree in this forest, and I just feel that if it's not that one...

Lewis: Then this Christmas won't be perfect.

Commander: So, because our tree isn't perfect, this Christmas won't be perfect either?

Commander: Lewis, what's your idea of a perfect Christmas?

Lewis: Hm... To me, it should be one with the best-looking Christmas tree, the loveliest decoration at the base, and lots of pretty presents!

Commander: Springfield could've organized a Christmas like that all on her own.

Lewis: That's true... What about you, Commander? What's your idea of a perfect Christmas?

Commander: To me, a perfect Christmas would be one where I can see everyone in their Christmas outfits, looking as happy as can be.

Lewis: Wow... The way you described it makes me excited too!

Lewis: I want to see how everyone looks today!

Lewis: Commander, let's hurry back!

Lewis picks up the tree and breaks into an effortless jog.

As we pass the perfect tree from before, something falls from it and hits Lewis.

Lewis: Ow.

Commander: Lewis! Are you alright?

Lewis puts down her pine tree and picks up a woven wreath from the ground, thoroughly confused.

Lewis: Is this...a mistletoe wreath?

We look up at the same time. We catch a fleeting glimpse of a squirrelly silhouette vanishing into the branches.

We break into smiles.

Lewis: Let's go, Commander.

Lewis: We still need to make it to the Christmas party.

Commander: Yeah, let's go.

Lewis: Speaking of which, Commander, do you know the story behind mistletoe wreaths?

My smile freezes on my face.

Commander: Is she talking about how people who meet under the mistletoe have to kiss each other...

My heart begins to race again...

Commander: I don't know I don't know I don't know anything!

In order to ward off any strange leaps of the imagination, I run off towards the base while I yell those words...

Lewis: Huh? Why's the Commander reacting so strangely?

Lewis: Isn't it a legend about a mother's love...?

/Speaker>|: Lewis watches the Commander run off into the distance in great confusion and has no choice but to pick up the pine tree again.

Lewis: Wait for me, Commander!