...

Commander: ...Right, that's all the intel we have regarding this mission.

Commander: Break into your assigned groups and get to know each other.

Commander: Dismissed.

Lewis: (Our mission objective is to gather more intelligence on the mermaid.)

Lewis: (This legendary creature must be very beautiful...)

Lewis: (Ahem, I'm not taking this mission just to look at a gorgeous mermaid.)

Lewis: (I have a job to do, and it takes precedence over everything else!)

Lewis: (Come to think of it, the location of this mission is going to be on the seaside, isn't it? There's going to be a lot of sun...)

Lewis: (I'd better bring plenty of sunscreen...)

Lewis: (Oh, I must also bring...)

...

Lewis: (Anyway, I should do as the Commander says and get to know my teammate first!)

Lewis walks around the Dolls in heated discussion, looking for R93, and finds her sitting alone in the corner.

Lewis: Hello, I'm Lewis.

Lewis: I'm also part of the investigation team. Nice to meet you!

R93: Ahahaha...

R93: The Commander actually chose me...

R93: Heheh, I still can't believe it...

Lewis: ...Hello!

Lewis: Do you hear me...?

R93: Oh!

R93: You're...Lewis, right?

Lewis: That's right, I'm Lewis...

Lewis: We'll be on the same team for this operation.

R93: ...

R93: ......

R93: Sorry, I was busy thinking about some stuff...

R93: Nice to meet you!

Lewis: (The pink hair makes her look so young and energetic, and the green eyes give her this mysterious air...)

Lewis: I've never carried out a mission at sea before, so I welcome all helpful tips~

R93's face is suddenly scrunches up in a grimace as if a horrible thought has just occurred to her.

Lewis: W...what's the matter?

Lewis: R93?

R93: Lewis, please hit me!

Lewis: ...Pardon?

...

Commander: ...Now go and change into your battle gear.

Commander: After that, just head straight to the designated location and start your mission.

Commander: I'll join you later to check on your progress.

15 minutes later.

Lewis: I don't see R93 coming out?

Lewis: R93, are you there?

Z-62: I think R93 has already set off...

Lewis: Oh, is that so? Thanks!

Lewis: (I can't believe R93 actually asked me to punch her that day just to prove she wasn't dreaming...)

Lewis: (I ended up going all out and knocked her out cold...)

Lewis: (Hopefully she has better luck today!)

...

Lewis: Guess I'll set up camp here. The terrain is relatively flat and the view is clear.

Lewis: It also makes a perfect spot to set up my parasol!

Lewis: Then I'll start my surveillance here.

Lewis rummages through her massive bag for a while, then takes out her sunscreen, sunblock, tanning oil, sun cream, sun spray...

Then she sets up her parasol meticulously. Last of all, she reveals the final and and most important combat equipment—

Her fishing rod!!!

Commander: ...Lewis, you sure have made very extensive preparations for this mission.

Lewis: Thank you, Commander!

Commander: What's that fishing rod for?

Lewis: ...Fishing?

Commander: ...Fishing?

Lewis: That's right. Aren't we here to search for clues about the mermaid?

Lewis: As marine creatures, mermaids must be active in this area of the ocean, where the sighting was reported.

Lewis: And in the murky depths of the sea, what would be more eye-catching than a shiny object?

Lewis: Look at my fishing hook! It's connected to feathers, shells, and glass ornaments!

Lewis: Of course, even all these might not be enough. I've even included my ultimate prize—

Lewis: A waterproofed photograph of the male human idol G, the No.1 idol among the Griffin girls!

Lewis: No woman...I mean, mermaid...will be able to resist!

Commander: ...

Commander: Hmm, that's some sound reasoning.

Commander: Is everything going smoothly with the investigation team?

Lewis: Yes, Commander!

Lewis: R93 has already started her search in the designated area!

Lewis: However, I have a tiny problem here...

Commander: What problem?

Lewis suddenly lies down on her stomach, exposing her back.

Lewis: I've been putting sunscreen on myself, but I can't spread it evenly on my back...

Lewis: Could you help me out a bit, Commander?

Commander: ...

Commander: Get R93 to help you when she's back.

The Commander is about to leave to check on the progress of the next team.

But Lewis grabs hold of the Commander's ankle and won't let go...

Lewis: Commander, according to my calculations, the probability of a neural meltdown is at 99% if I get sunburn.

Commander: ...Lewis, let go of me.

Lewis: A few hours later, only a brooding Doll with a an extremely bleak neural cloud will be left lying on the empty beach...

Commander: ...

Commander: Alright, alright...

Commander: Give me the sunscreen...

Lewis: Commander, you look positively radiant today!

Lewis: (Why do I have the feeling that somebody is staring daggers at me...)

Lewis flips onto her stomach again under the parasol so the Commander can apply the sunscreen.

The Commander's hands seem to be trembling a little?

Commander: I'm done.

Commander: Continue with your mission.

Lewis: Thank you, Commander!

Lewis: In return, I'll put sunscreen on you too!

Lewis: Here, please lie down here~

Commander: N-no, thanks!

Commander: I'm in a rush...

Lewis: I'll be quick then.

Lewis: You don't have to be shy with me, Commander...

Lewis: (I'm feeling that murderous gaze again...?)

Commander: It's okay, really!

Commander: Look, your bobber is moving!

Lewis: Really?!!

The moment Lewis turns to look, the Commander gives her the slip.

Lewis: No, it wasn't, Comman—

Lewis: Huh? The Commander is gone!

Lewis: Argh, I'm bored...

Lewis: And where on earth has R93 run off to...?

Lewis: Come to think of it, Griffin has organized idol selection contests, arm wrestling contests...

Lewis: But why has there never been a beauty pageant?

Lewis: I really want to watch as beautiful Dolls compete with each other on the stage...

Lewis: Perhaps our main function is still to fight since we're Tactical Dolls.

Lewis: But physical appearance is also very important! To me, it's a key criterion for judging a person's nature!

Lewis: The first time I saw the Commander, I knew I was looking at a person that I could depend on!

Lewis: Having been through so many battles, I am still absolutely certain that my initial assessment was correct.

Lewis: So it's obvious that this criterion is valid! ♪

Lewis: I wonder what a mermaid looks like...

Lewis: Is her entire body covered in scales, or is she half-human, half-fish?

Lewis: Are the halves divided from left to right or top to bottom?

Lewis: Is the top-half fish or is it the bottom-half?

Lewis: Now that I think about it, there are so many possible combinations...

Lewis: I'd better stop hypothesizing and focus on my job.

Lewis: C'mon, Miss Mermaid. Get hooked already!

Two hours later.

Lewis: Why hasn't Miss Mermaid fallen for the trap yet?

Lewis: Could it be...

Lewis furrows her brows, deep in thought.

Lewis: Let me clear this up a bit.

Lewis: Given that Miss Mermaid lives at the bottom of the sea where it's dark, it can be deduced that she is attracted to shiny things.

Lewis: Then as she's swimming around in the water, she finds my shiny fish hook...

Lewis: Don't tell me she sees the Oath certificate, thinks it's from a handsome merman, and passes out in excitement?

Lewis: But it's been so long already, even if she did pass out, surely she'd have woken up by now...

Lewis: The now awake Miss Mermaid creeps closer to my fishing hook.

Lewis: When she's close enough, she realizes that it isn't actually an Oath certificate.

Lewis: Deeply disappointed, she decides to go home and have a good cry. Just as she turns around...

Lewis: She suddenly notices a photograph also attached to the fishing hook...

Lewis: She takes a look absentmindedly, only to find—

Lewis: An incredibly cute and handsome face...

Lewis: Miss Mermaid's heart is stolen in an instant...

...

Lewis: Don't tell me that after seeing idol G's picture, she's so smitten she decides to go find him just like that?

Lewis: Then isn't G in danger right now?!

Lewis: I can't let that happen! It all happened because of me! I have to go and save G—

Just as Lewis decides to leave a comment on G's newest social media status, her bobber starts splashing around.

Lewis: So Miss Mermaid is only approaching my fishing hook now?!

Lewis waits for "Miss Mermaid" next move with bated breath.

As expected, the fishing bobber starts shaking violently!

Lewis: Gotcha! Now let me see what you look like!

She grabs her fishing rod and starts retracting the line, but soon her effort is met with great resistance.

Lewis: ...

Lewis: Interesting.

Lewis: Finally, someone who dares to challenge me in an arm-wrestling match.

Lewis rolls her shoulders all the while holding firmly onto the rod. With a determined glint in her eyes, she starts reeling back the fishing line in a frenzy.

The force trying to contend with Lewis gradually loses out and eventually seems to have all but given up.

Lewis: Is that all you got?

Lewis: I haven't even had enough yet...

Lewis keeps reeling in her line in a leisurely manner until her trophy is dragged ashore.

To her surprise, what appears on the beach is neither Miss Mermaid nor some strange seaweed.

It's...a white bikini top trimmed with black lace.

As Lewis stares in confusion, a horrific scream can be heard somewhere in the sea.

Lewis finally understands what just happened...

Lewis: This must be Miss Mermaid's swimming top!

Lewis: And that scream was R93's way of telling me she just found the escaping mermaid!

Lewis: R93, keep chasing after her!

Lewis: I'm going to inform the Commander of our huge discovery!

Just as Lewis is about to break into a sprint, she suddenly realizes that something isn't right. She slowly turns back and directs her gaze at the fishing hook that she has put so much effort in setting up...

G's waterproofed photograph is gone!!!

Lewis: Commander!

Lewis: The investigation team has made a huge discovery!

Lewis carefully hands over the bikini top that she fished out from the sea, and the Commander makes an unfathomable face.

Commander: (Isn't this R93's bikini???)

Lewis: Commander, I fished this mermaid top from the sea.

Lewis: When I got it, R93 also gave me a strong signal.

Lewis: I told her to keep pursuing the mermaid while I come and make my report.

Commander: ...

Commander: Right, I see.

Commander: Lewis, your team did great.

Commander: Now leave the rest to me.

Commander: I'm taking this mermaid top and sending it to the lab to see if they can find anything.

Commander: (In any case, I'll just get her to hand over the bikini so I can return it to R93 in secret...)

The Commander is about to take the bikini top, but Lewis refuses to let go.

Lewis: No, you can't!

Lewis: Commander, there's something else that I need to report...

Lewis: If we don't capture Miss Mermaid, I'm afraid G will be in danger...

Commander: What has this got to do with G?

Lewis: Commander, I'm sorry. It's all my fault...

Lewis: In order to lure Miss Mermaid, I used G's photograph.

Lewis: But I realized that Miss Mermaid had taken the photo...

Lewis: She must be deeply attracted to G's cuteness...

Lewis: According to G's latest status update, he also happens to be filming a TV drama with a mermaid theme on an island in this area.

Lewis: If Miss Mermaid runs into G as he's standing near the sea...

Lewis: G might...

Lewis: I can't bear to go on...

Lewis: In any case, I can't just stand by and let that handsome man put himself in grave danger!

Commander: Let me handle this matter with G.

Commander: Just give me the mermaid's top.

Lewis: Commander, I have an idea...

Commander: Go on...

Lewis takes out a pile of G's photographs from her bag.

Lewis: Right now, there are two things that can attract Miss Mermaid—

Lewis: G's pictures and her own clothes.

Lewis: So you take her top and I take the pictures.

Lewis: If we run along the beach in opposite directions to draw her attention, she's bound to chase after either one of us.

Lewis: According to my calculations, the probability that she'll come after me is 97.8%!

Lewis: When that happens, you can run towards the rescue team and leave the mermaid for me to capture!

Commander: ...

Commander: That's a very well-thought out plan. Let's do it!

Commander: (It's fine as long as I have the bikini top...)

Ten minutes later.

Lewis: Are you nervous, Commander?

Commander: Not at all.

Lewis: Good!

Lewis: Then run in the other direction on my mark.

Lewis: Don't look back, just leave the rest to me.

Commander: Right, got it.

Lewis: Now!

With that, the Commander dashes off at breakneck speed. Lewis stands there in a daze, watching the Commander's back, before she also takes off in the opposite direction.

She scatters handful after handful of G's photographs as she runs.

Lewis: Miss Mermaid, come and get me!

Lewis: I have a ton of pictures of G!

Commander: R93, I'm here to save you!

Two figures are running away from each other on the enormous beach, pictures flying all around the sky.

One of them tumbles through the salty sea air, lands on the sandy beach, then eventually gets washed into the warm ocean...

A hand extends from within the waters and takes it...