...On the day of the Christmas party.

LWMMG: Why did I fall asleep...?

LWMMG gets to her feet from inside a pile of presents.

LWMMG: Oh no, I can't waste any more time, I need to finish my work.

LWMMG: Laying out the presents... Hm, that's done already.

LWMMG: Then next up is...

???: Hey, how's the plan going?

???: It's theoretically complete.

???: Let's begin the last step.

???: Okay. That means...she's the only one left.

LWMMG: Now what's next... I should still have a lot of tasks left to complete.

???: This is it, get ready—

???: On my mark...3, 2, 1...

???: Wait, something's changed!

Springfield: So there you are, Miss Lam.

LWMMG: Lam... Forget it, I owe you an apology.

Springfield: Hm?

LWMMG: I did some cache-clearing and thus I was 1246 seconds slower in sorting out the presents than expected.

LWMMG: However, you do not need to worry. I will take responsibility for exceeding the allotted time.

Springfield chuckles quietly.

Springfield: Relax, Miss Lam.

Springfield: We're not in battle, and I won't scold you for being over 20 minutes late.

LWMMG: No, I should have carried out this task more diligently. After all, there is probably more work waiting for me after this.

Springfield pauses; an uncommon sight. Then she directs her gaze elsewhere.

Springfield: ...Yes, you should consult your own schedule.

LWMMG: My schedule...ah, where did I put it?

Springfield: I remember some of it. Let me take you to your post.

Springfield: We'll start by heading over to Miss Zas' location.

LWMMG: Understood.

At the same time...

???: I didn't expect that woman to mess up the plan. What now?

???: Damn, we were so close.

???: I suppose we'll carry on with the plan. At the very most, we'll just have to deal with her as well.

???: You mean...that woman too...?

???: That's right, we'll take care of them together.

Zas M21: Springfield? You're back.

Springfield: Yes, I brought a helper along.

LWMMG: I'm LWMMG. Let me give you a hand.

Springfield: It must be hard knitting socks, right? You don't need to worry now that Miss Lam's here.

LWMMG: She's calling me Lam again...

LWMMG: Well, they can call me whatever they want. The mission is the most important thing.

Zas M21: But that's all done.

Springfield: What...

Springfield: Zas... You knitted an entire base's worth of socks by yourself?

Zas shakes her head.

Zas M21: A passing friend helped me.

Springfield: I see.

At a corner...

???: Won't we be detected if we're this close? I don't want that woman to spot us.

???: Don't worry. The sensors in this base are a piece of cake for me.

???: So you hacked them... I didn't think you could do that.

???: No, I physically destroyed them.

???: ...

???: In any case, let's carry out the final step of the plan.

???: 3, 2, 1—Huh?!

Springfield: Let's move on to the next place then, Miss Lam. There are still many Dolls who need help.

Springfield: Let me think...we'll head over to where Miss NTW is.

LWMMG: Understood.

Springfield takes LWMMG by the hand and hurries toward the door.

???: That woman... She's interfering again...

???: She must have discovered us. Contact that person.

???: Are you sure? Think carefully, if that person doesn't help us...

???: I understand your concern, but only that person can stop her.

NTW-20: You're... I see, are you here for a snowball fight?

Springfield: Hmm...?

Springfield: No, we're here to shovel the snow. There was a request for a patch of ground to be cleared.

NTW-20: Shoveling snow? There's no need for that any more.

NTW-20: Some Dolls came to help me out, so if you want a snowball fight here, go right ahead.

Springfield: In other words, you don't need any more help?

NTW-20: That's right, there are no tasks which need to be performed for the time being.

LWMMG: What's going on?

Springfield: Looks like things here have been settled as well. Let's head over to where Five-seven is next.

Once again, Springfield drags LWMMG away by the hand. Just then...

LWMMG: Springfield...please wait a minute, there's something that I want to ask you.

Springfield: What's the matter?

LWMMG: Are you hiding something from me?

LWMMG: I noticed that whenever you say we're moving on, your volume rises by 10 decibels.

LWMMG: There would be no need for that if you were only talking to me.

LWMMG: In other words...you must be telling someone else what to do next.

Springfield: Heh...that's the perceptive Miss Lam for you.

LWMMG: As I thought...we weren't the only ones present at each location...and you were the only one taking on the work requests.

LWMMG: What are you scheming?

Springfield: Mm, that's a good question, but I'm not the one with a scheme.

Springfield: Rather than give you a long-winded explanation, why don't we go take a look together, Miss Lam—

Springfield makes another transmission, then takes LWMMG to the banquet hall where Five-seven is.

Springfield: Oh my, Five-seven doesn't look pleased at all.

Springfield: Looks like that's because the cleaning is already over.

LWMMG: This...

LWMMG: Commander, what are you doing here?

LWMMG: Also, why are FF M249SAW and Mk48 asleep?

Commander: Haha...

The Commander scratches the back of their head sheepishly.

Commander: We were helping you finish your work.

LWMMG: What?

Commander: It's like this...

LWMMG: ...

LWMMG: So FF M249SAW and Mk48 were secretly helping me do my work all this time...

LWMMG: And Springfield guessed it, which was why she announced the tasks so loudly.

Springfield: Yes, although I didn't expect them to bring the Commander in as well.

LWMMG: I don't get it. Why did the two of them do my work for me?

LWMMG: This should have been my job to begin with.

Commander: They...

The Commander looks at Mk48 and FF M249SAW, sound asleep with their shoulders slumped. Their quiet breathing is the stuff of innocence.

Commander: They wanted to lighten your load. After all, you've always done all the work by yourself, right?

Commander: So this time, they wanted to finish your tasks ahead of you, and they even passed up a lot of invitations in order to help you.

Commander: They were planning to invite you to the party after all the work was done.

LWMMG: Honestly... Why didn't they just help me out directly? Why did they have to go sneaking around like this?

Springfield: If they let you see how they were helping you, you'd surely try to repay them in the future.

Springfield: The two of them didn't want to owe you that sort of favor.

LWMMG: ...

Commander: Ah... Springfield, don't you think you've wasted Mk48 and FF M249SAW's efforts by saying all that?

Springfield: No, because it was what they should have done in the first place.

LWMMG: What...?

LWMMG: Oh... I see, so that's how it is.

Springfield: Yup, it's just like what you're thinking, Miss Lam.

Commander: Wait a minute... Now it's my turn to be confused. What's going on?

Springfield: I'll get to the point, then— I tricked you, Miss Lam, Mk48 and FF M249SAW.

Springfield: All the requests I told Miss Lam about were actually assignments that were supposed to have been done by Mk48 and FF M249SAW. All that about turning down invitations was just an excuse to not work, but it would have been bad if they skipped out on work.

Springfield: I needed to ensure that the Christmas party would go forward normally, so I came up with that idea.

LWMMG: Yeah, because I never had a schedule to begin with.

Springfield: Alright, now that everyone's work is almost complete, so I wish the two of you a Merry Christmas.

Springfield: Don't forget to attend the party later.

Commander: To think that you even managed to fool me, Springfield. Your computational capability to truly formidable.

LWMMG: No— Springfield, I have another question. Your plan had an uncertain key element.

LWMMG: What would you have done if at some point I had remembered that sorting out the presents was my only job?

Springfield: Sometimes, being too perceptive isn't a good thing, Miss Lam. Are you sure you want to know why?

LWMMG: I simply want to eliminate all uncertain elements as the enemy could exploit them.

Springfield: Alright, then I'll give you a hint.

Springfield: Miss Lam, please think about why you were clearing your cache in the first place.

LWMMG: The reason I cleared my cache... No, I can't recall anything at all.

Springfield: If you can't think of anything, I can make an exception and give you another hint - "lies".

Springfield: And that's all you're getting from me. I won't say any more no matter what you ask.

LWMMG: Wh-what?

LWMMG: Lies?

Commander: Now that you mention it, Mk48 said that they finished the knitting and shoveling jobs easily enough...

Commander: And when it came to tidying up the banquet hall, it was just some light cleaning work.

LWMMG: —!

A frightening thought occurs to LWMMG.

LWMMG: Don't tell me...in order to let them have their way, I deliberately—

LWMMG: I...

Springfield: Looks like I said too much...

Springfield: Sorry if I've caused you any distress, Miss Lam. Everything I said just now was a lie.

LWMMG: Huh?

LWMMG: No, if it really was a lie...

Springfield: You may choose to believe that lie, of course. If you wish to know the truth, you can ask them when they wake up.

Springfield: However, I would prefer if you could believe in your friends. After all—

LWMMG: "The bonds among us are the source of our strength. Don't worry, I'll keep moving on..."

LWMMG: Huh? Why did I say that out of nowhere...?

LWMMG's eyes suddenly grow moist. The memories of intense battles, flying bullets and fallen friends flash through her mind...

She walks up to the sleeping Mk48 and FF M249SAW and gently pats their heads.

Springfield: Miss Lam, do you know where Mk48 and FF M249SAW went?

LWMMG: I know. They were discussing how to finish my work for me without letting me know over our comm channel all this while.

Springfield: ...Oh, so you're not going to stop them?

LWMMG: There were many reasons for that. I wanted to see their plan succeed, for one.

LWMMG: But I also knew that even if they didn't finish their own work, I'd do it for them.

Springfield: Only you are capable of such kindness, Miss Lam... But if you keep doing this, your neural cloud is going to give out sooner or later.

Springfield: That's why I - as the party manager - can only approve of half of your proposal. They've got to handle their own tasks, after all.

Springfield: ...How about this. Why don't you tell yourself a little lie, Miss Lam?

LWMMG: A lie?

LWMMG: You want me to delete part of my memories?

Springfield: Yes. Tell a lie to make everyone's wishes come true.

LWMMG: I see, so I lied to myself.

LWMMG: Have they already forgotten that battle?

Commander: Actually...

LWMMG: No, it's alright. I was just talking to myself.

LWMMG: I don't remember anything.

LWMMG: Please allow me to delay the rest of my tasks. I'd like to wait for Mk48 and FF M249SAW to wake up.

LWMMG: Although strictly speaking, it isn't Christmas any more, I'd still like to go to the party with them...

Commander: Of course you may.