The morning of Spring Festival Eve.

I'm on my usual morning jog and I come across many boxes of various sizes stacked up near the pantry.

However...only one person seems to be moving them back and forth.

Commander: Good morning, LWMMG...

Commander: Wow...

LWMMG: What's the matter?

Commander: That's a lovely outfit you're wearing...

Commander: But are you the only one here?

Commander: And...are these the ingredients to be used today?

LWMMG: Good morning, Commander.

LWMMG: And yes, we'll be using these ingredients today. I've already inventoried them.

LWMMG: Now, I'll wash and sort them, then we can start cooking.

Commander: That's a lot of ingredients...

Commander: And that's not what I wanted to ask. I mean...are you doing this all by yourself?

LWMMG: Hm? Is that a problem?

LWMMG: When Type 81R was handing out tasks, she put me in charge of preparing the ingredients.

LWMMG: Although I don't quite understand why the grocery list was so long...

Commander: So...you bought all the food here from town all by yourself?

LWMMG: Yes.

Commander: And the person who's going to move them all to the kitchen is...

LWMMG: Me.

Commander: And then, afterwards, the person who's going to do the preliminary food prep is...

LWMMG: Me.

Commander: ...

Commander: Look, LWMMG, I understand how you don't want to bother others...

Commander: But everyone on the base is part of the same team, so you don't need to handle everything by yourself.

LWMMG: But I can handle trivial things like this by myself.

LWMMG: And...I feel that even though we're all friends, I don't really know everyone that well, so approaching them out of nowhere about this would be kind of weird...

Commander: It doesn't matter if you don't know them well. Working together is the quickest way to get to know each other.

Commander: Hey, you lot over there! Come help LWMMG move this stuff!

LWMMG: Aw, Commander, you don't need to do that. I can handle it by—

Commander: While not relying on others is a good habit...

Commander: Single-mindedly helping others while refusing their help in turn makes you appear standoffish.

The work is quickly completed with everyone's help.

LWMMG: I can't believe we actually finished so fast. I didn't expect to make this kind of progress...

Commander: The saying that "many hands make light work" applies to most situations, after all.

Commander: Hm...though it's also true that "too many cooks spoil the broth"...

LWMMG: Personally...I work better when I'm alone.

LWMMG: It's only when I have everything under my control that I feel at ease.

Commander: That said, I'd like you to let others know when you feel overwhelmed by your duties.

Commander: It's not just for yourself; your companions can often think of ideas that you have trouble coming up with.

Commander: Naturally, it'll be more conducive to completing your tasks, too, but I would personally like it if you didn't push yourself too hard...

LWMMG: Yes...I understand.

LWMMG: Still, Commander...

LWMMG: While I'm in charge of procuring the ingredients, I didn't actually realize what the kitchen wanted them for until just now...

Commander: Er... well, about that...

With the contents of the boxes sorted and arranged, the kitchen is bursting at the seams with the ingredients.

Right now, it's difficult for the people inside just to move around.

LWMMG: I think...this amount of food is a bit much, even if it's meant to feed all the Dolls at the base...

LWMMG: These...and all these things will go bad quickly if they're not eaten by today... Even if we put the rest in the freezer...

Commander: Hmm...Type 81R did mention in her plan said that this year's Reunion Dinner would be especially lavish...

Commander: But this amount is way beyond what I imagined.

LWMMG: Sigh... There's so much food here that'll go to waste if it's not eaten...

LWMMG: And it's all high-quality stuff... There's even meat...

Commander: Oh, I'm not worried that the meat will go to waste... Rather, I'm more concerned that the others won't be able to get their share before SPAS-12 and the machine gun Dolls grab it all...

Commander: Still, it's not often that we can get everyone together like this. If I had to choose between getting the portion size just right, or erring on the side of caution to make sure everyone could eat their fill...

Commander: Yeah, I'd choose to pile the plates higher.

LWMMG: You're hoping that things will be more lively?

Commander: Well, the most important thing on a day like this is for everyone to get together and make lots of noise.

Commander: It's good to scrimp and save on most days, but Spring Festival's the time to splurge!

LWMMG: I understand...

LWMMG: But let me get this straight, I'm only going to do this today!

LWMMG: I'll be back to my usual ways tomorrow.

Commander: Got it, just for today.

Commander: Still, will you still be wearing these clothes tomorrow? They suit you very well.

LWMMG: They...they do?

Commander: This festival's going to last several days. You should make the most out of it.

LWMMG: ...

LWMMG: Yep, I will!

Later on, Gr Mk 23 turned these ingredients into a sumptuous Reunion Dinner, and everyone had a wonderful night.

While LWMMG couldn't help but grumble as she cleared the tables, her expression and tone were quite indulgent.

Perhaps...if there comes a chance to have yet another banquet at a similar occasion, I can see her like that again.