Early morning, December 25th.

After yesterday's merrymaking, most of Griffin are still slumbering in blissful dreams.

Only a few staff members in charge of daily duties are milling about the spacious base. Even T-Dolls that are known for being early risers are nowhere to be seen.

Commander: Phew... It's nice to get some fresh air...

Commander: But it's freezing...

The well-decorated Christmas tree is still standing in the center of the square.

A familiar T-Doll is dragging along a large red sack, wandering around the tree.

Commander: Who's there?

Commander: ...M14, is that you?

Hearing me, M14 picks up her sack and runs over.

M14: Morning, Commander!

Commander: What are you doing here so early?

I glance at the half-opened sack. It's full of exquisitely wrapped gift boxes.

Commander: What are these?

M14: I'm collecting all the presents that got left behind last night!

M14: Springfield said I could do it later, but I wanna give everyone a surprise when they get up in the morning!

M14: Everyone should wake up with a present waiting by their bed on Christmas morning!

Commander: I see... Thanks for going to such trouble, M14.

M14: Heheh, it's nothing! As long as everyone's happy, I'm happy too!

Commander: Then let me help you.

M14: Oh, are you sure? Don't you have work, Commander?

Commander: Nothing urgent for now. I guess even our superiors are still taking a break.

Commander: Let me pick up this stuff with you. I could use some exercise too.

M14: Sure! I'm even more fired up with you here, Commander!

M14 and I spread out and collect the Christmas presents scattered about the courtyard.

Commander: I'm done here.

M14: So am I!

Commander: I've worked up quite a sweat...

Commander: Let's take a rest by the vending machine.

M14: Roger! I'll make my way there now!

I met up with M14 in the resting area by the vending machine.

Commander: Hmm... SAA cleaned up really thoroughly.

I buy the last two cans of juice, hand one over to M14, and sit down next to her.

Commander: These are the only ones left. Don't know if you'll like them.

M14: I love this flavor!

M14: I like it even more since it's a treat from you!

Commander: Haha, good to hear.

M14: I seem to be in luck.

M14: Springfield treated us to juice yesterday, then you did the same today.

Commander: Oh? Springfield treated you too?

M14: Yeah! She even talked to us about the plan on Christmas Eve.

Commander: The plan on Christmas Eve?

M14: She asked me if we had anything special planned for Christmas Eve.

M14: So I told her we were planning to rob Santa Claus for fun!

I almost spit out the juice in my mouth.

Commander: Cough... You told her everything just like that?

M14: Of course! It must've been important coming from Springfield, right?

So she's Springfield's "source".

Commander: Okay... And?

M14: She said she'd be organizing an additional secret event to go with our plan!

M14: But since I already knew about that, I couldn't participate in the Santa Claus robbery.

Commander: ...Good thing you didn't.

If the other T-Dolls ever find out about this...M14 will have hell to pay.

She blurted out everything without even being baited into it. She's like the extreme opposite of SAA...

Commander: M14, you must NEVER tell anyone about this.

M14: Hmm? Why?

Commander: Uh...Because it's Springfield's surprise for everyone.

Commander: It'd ruin the fun if they know it's planned beforehand, right?

M14: But...isn't it over already?

Commander: Just don't tell anyone.

Commander: That's an order.

M14: Understood! I'll obey your order!

Thank goodness she's easy to deal with. But I wonder if her cluelessness is a good thing or a bad thing...

I shake my head and finish my juice ruefully.

M14: Oh no! There are still some presents left in the banquet hall!

M14: How could I forget about them?! But everyone's about to wake up soon. What should I do? What should I do...

Commander: Don't worry. Let me take care of the banquet hall.

M14: But you've already spent enough time on this...

Commander: It's not as roomy there so there won't be as many left behind.

Commander: Just go and deliver the presents, Santa.

The dejected M14 perks right up at that.

M14: Am I Santa Claus too?

Commander: Of course. Whoever delivers presents to people is Santa Claus.

M14: Then let's go!

M14: I'll leave the presents in the banquet hall to you, Commander!

Commander: No problem. Off you go.

M14 makes a beeline for the T-Dolls' dormitories, then turns and waves at me.

M14: Commander! The juice was delicious, thank you!

I wave back, and watch as her jolly figure disappears down the road.