Morning, December 25th.

I enter the banquet hall, where silence has settled back in after the hubbub from the previous night.

There isn't too much litter on the floor. Did someone clean up?

Just as I'm wondering who that would be, A T-Doll comes over to greet me.

M21: Good morning, Commander!

Commander: Oh, it's M21. Good morning.

Commander: What are you doing here?

M21: A few girls fell asleep here last night, so I stayed behind to take care of them.

M21: What about you, Commander? What brings you here?

Commander: M14 asked me to come and collect the presents left behind by a few T-Dolls last night.

Commander: They'd be sad if they woke up to missing Christmas presents.

M21: I see.

M21: I've already picked them all up and put them on the table over there. M14...is kind-hearted as ever.

Commander: So are you.

Commander: Taking care of the others all night. You haven't had much sleep, have you?

M21 looks a bit embarrassed. She drops her gaze and fiddles nervously with her hair.

M21: Ahaha...I'm fine.

M21: I only came very late at night.

Commander: Because it's so cold outside, right?

Commander: And the dress you're wearing... I mean...

M21: Yeah. That's why I only arrived just before the feast started.

M21: It was really lively last night, and the food was great. But I felt sleepy after eating so much so I fell asleep, and woke up just as it struck midnight.

M21: Then I couldn't go back to sleep... And since I had nothing to do, I just put some blankets on them and tidied up the place.

Commander: ...You're more talkative than I expected, M21.

M21: Oh, huh? Really?

M21: M-Maybe I'm still feeling festive from last night, that's why I'm talking so much... Haha...

M21: Umm... You haven't had breakfast yet, have you, Commander? Would you like anything to eat? There are some snacks and cookies left.

Commander: Sure. Let's have some together.

M21 and I sit down by the tidied table.

M21 soon serves up two cups of steaming hot milk and several platters of snacks.

M21: Should we wake the others too, Commander?

Commander: No, let them sleep. Who knows what would go wrong with their Neural Clouds if we wake them too early.

M21: Come to think of it, did something happen before the feast?

M21: They looked miserable when I arrived.

Commander: It's good that you came so late. They kicked up quite a fuss last night.

I told M21 all about their attempted robbery on Santa Claus.

M21: Is that so...

Commander: Somehow you look...regretful?

M21: Just a bit... It must've been really funny, right?

M21: Ah, well... I'm not saying it's a right thing to do, but it just seems kinda fun...

Commander: So you like things lively, eh...?

M21: Well, not exactly...

M21: Oh right, Commander, would you like to hear a joke? Should I tell you one?

Commander: Sure. Let's hear it.

M21: Since it's Christmas, let's have something festive.

M21: Commander, would you be my Christmas?

Commander: Uh...sorry?

M21: Then I could "Merry you"!

...M21 bursts out laughing while making air quotes with her fingers.

...But then she freezes.

Commander: ...

M21: Oh, I'm sorry! That was rude of me!

M21: I've always been practicing with a wall and I forgot I'm now telling the joke to you, Commander!

Commander: Does telling jokes require practice...?

M21: I had wanted to make a few friends with it...

M21: Looks like I messed it up...

M21 rests her head forlornly on the table.

M21: M21? You okay?

M21: Why do my jokes always fall flat...?

M21: I really enjoy hanging out with others, but somehow I just feel like I can't fit in.

Commander: M21...

M21: It was the same last night...

M21: I didn't have anyone to talk to, so I sat in the corner all alone and ended up falling asleep.

M21: Is my Neural Cloud...not suited to fitting in with others?

Commander: Don't be silly.

I tap her head gently with my knuckle.

Commander: We're talking just fine, aren't we?

Commander: Don't think too much. Just show everyone your true self.

M21: Hahaha...you're right.

M21: I meant to tell you a joke, but ended up complaining...

M21: I'm sorry, Commander.

Commander: I should be the one to apologize. Sorry for not getting to know you better until today.

Commander: I think as long as you sincerely wish to make friends, try to loosen up a bit and just let things run their course...

Before I can finish, voices speak up from the other end of the banquet hall.

Griffin T-Doll: Yaaaaawn... So tired...

Griffin T-Doll: Huh? Who put blankets on us?

Griffin T-Doll: Look, the commander's over there! And M21!

The stirring T-Dolls come over and sit around us at the table.

Griffin T-Doll: Wow, there's even a big breakfast!

Griffin T-Doll: M21, it was you who took care of us last night, right? Thanks!

Griffin T-Doll: Your dress is gorgeous! Where did you buy it?

M21 stares at the chattering T-Dolls around her, bewildered.

Commander: See? It's okay to let things run their course, right?

M21 finally smiles and gives me a firm nod.

Commander: I've eaten my fill.

Commander: And I have some other things to attend to, so I'd better be on my way.

M21: Commander!

M21 stops me before I reach the door.

M21: I'll work hard and learn how to tell funny jokes...

M21: Once I've come up with new ones, will you hear me out?

Commander: Of course. It'll be my pleasure.

M21: Then I'll hold you to it!

I leave the banquet hall and the T-Dolls' lively chatters behind.

This year's Christmas has come to an end in peace and tranquility.

I hope they've had a taste of real joy in this short period of respite -

I'm sure I'm not the only human with that thought.