The day of Spring Festival Eve.

I pass by the event hall after leaving the kitchen.

It has been decorated in an Eastern style last night, and the predominantly red ornaments lend it a festive air.

I can feel the importance of the occasion as I look upon those decorations.

Commander: Huh, someone's inside...

Commander: There shouldn't be anyone here now. Who could it be?

I push the door open and walk towards the Doll sitting by the window.

She's dressed in a white festive outfit, and she raises her head as she senses my approach.

Commander: So it's you, M590.

Commander: Why are you here now? The event won't begin for quite a while.

M590: Greetings, Commander. I'm currently making festive decorations.

Commander: What are these...red paper cuttings?

M590: They're called "window flowers". The Easterners use them to decorate glass windows during Spring Festival.

Commander: I see... They look very intricate.

Commander: Still, didn't they finish decorating the event hall last night?

M590: Well...

M590: I came by this morning to see if we'd missed anything. Instead, I noticed that several of the window decorations had been damaged, so I decided to replace them.

Commander: They were perfectly fine last night; how did they get damaged?

M590: ART556 said she accidentally broke them.

M590: She thought they looked nice and wanted to touch them, but tore them by accident.

Commander: Honestly...all she thinks about is having fun herself.

Commander: I'm sorry for the trouble she caused; I'll have to give her a good talking-to later.

M590: It's fine, Commander.

M590: This occasion is quite new to all of us, and I think ART556 is only so unruly because she's looking forward to it a lot, don't you think?

M590: Also, making these paper ornaments won't take too long. I'll have them all replaced soon.

Commander: Is it really alright to leave them unattended like this?

M590: Well, it's nothing serious.

Commander: That said...another Doll would probably be hopping mad by now.

M590: ART556 didn't damage these decorations on purpose. Scolding her for that would be a little too harsh.

Commander: You're very tolerant, M590.

M590: Well, we're all comrades in battle.

M590: And as T-Dolls, the only things we can properly manage are ourselves.

M590: These problems are small and trivial to me. All I need to do is put in a little more effort to fix them.

Commander: I see... Now I know why M500 loves teaming up with you.

M590: Haha, well, she does have her own way of doing things. I don't think anyone else would be able to stand her.

M590: I'm used to it since we've been partnered for so long.

Commander: Then I won't interrupt your work.

Commander: I still need to check if the preparations for the other activities tonight are complete.

M590: Alright, Commander.

M590: This place will soon be back to the way it was when you inspected it last night.

That afternoon.

The firecrackers and several fireworks shells went off near the warehouse.

Possibly due to the culprit's incorrect way of handling the fireworks, several of the shells ended up falling sideways. The fiery sparks spraying out in all directions left scorch marks all over the walls and the ground.

Commander: I need to extinguish them as soon as possible, but it's a little dangerous to approach them now...

Commander: If only I had something to shield myself...

As I look around in search of something that can provide cover from the fireworks, a white silhouette flits past me.

M590: It's dangerous here, Commander.

M590: Please let me handle this.

M590 deploys her shield before her and calmly approaches the exploding pyrotechnics. After that, the other T-Dolls behind her extinguish the fireworks.

M590: The crisis has been averted, Commander.

Commander: Well done, M590.

Commander: How about the fireworks?

M590: The small tube-like ones are probably unusable.

M590: The non-ignited portions of the ones shaped like ammo belts look like they can still be lit and used.

Commander: Understood.

Commander: Find an appropriate place to dispose of the useless items.

Commander: Put the remainder back in the warehouse; we'll need to use them tonight.

M590: Yes, Commander.

M590: Oh, and I would suggest you give ART556 a lecture about today's incident.

Commander: Hm? M590...

Commander: Are you angry?

M590: I'm not.

Commander: Then why?

M590: Those fireworks just now were very dangerous, and if something had happened because we could not extinguish them in time...it would have affected a lot of people.

Commander: Indeed...it would have been terrible if the warehouse had gone up in flames as well.

M590: That's why I would advise you to caution ART556 for everyone's sake, and for her own good as well.

Commander: You're right, M590...

Commander: Actually, I had intended to do just that. I'm just curious about why you'd make this request so explicitly.

Commander: Weren't you alright with what she did back in the event hall?

M590: That was because she only caused trivial inconvenience for me alone. But things are different this time.

M590: I believe a line must be drawn when it comes to tolerance. It is essential to point out the errors in a friend's ways when something dangerous like this happens.

M590: But as Dolls, we have limited influence on our peers. This is where you come in.

Commander: I understand. I'll have a word with ART556 later.

Commander: M590...you really are a dependable Doll.

Upon hearing that, M590 smiles with what looks like a hint of embarrassment.

M590: ...You're too kind.

M590: I was just doing my job...

Commander: It's precisely because there are Dolls like you around that those mischief-makers haven't wrecked the base yet.

M590: I'm glad...to have your trust.

M590: Then I shall dispose of the useless gunpowder.

M590: S.A.T.8 doesn't seem to be doing well... Please check in on her.

Commander: Yeah, leave S.A.T.8 to me.

M590: Thank you for your hard work today.

M590: As for tonight's banquet... Hmm, it's called a "Reunion Dinner", is it not? Well, please have a good rest until then.

Commander: I will.

Commander: Everyone has put in so much effort, I'm sure we'll have a wonderful evening.

M590: See you tonight then, Commander.

M590 turns and leaves.

Commander: Alright...

Commander: Time to pep myself up and finish cleaning up.

While there had been a few small surprises, we'll soon be leaving the chaos behind in the previous year, thanks to M590's efforts.

The new year that is about to arrive...will surely be a good start for all of us.