...

M950A: What a terrible headache... This is strange. Where am I?

M950A: Why is pitch dark...? Did nobody turn on the lights in the dorm?

???: Don't you remember what you've done?

M950A: What are you talking about?

M950A: What I've done? I... Strange. What DID I do last night...?

M950A: This is... Why am I on Level II?

???: Not owning up to what you've done?

???: You got the Commander drunk on the Valentine's Day party and made trouble at the base.

M950A: Make trouble? I'd never do such a thing.

???: You're always running away, and when you can't, you make excuses.

???: What is it going to be this time? The heat from converting alcohol into power caused your program to malfunction? Or did you genuinely lose control while imitating human drunkenness?

M950A: I didn't!

M950A: Alright, it's coming back to me now. I remember everything...

???: So what HAVE you done?

M950A: I...I remember getting the Commander drunk, then... Then I grabbed a mic and started singing in the courtyard. I practiced some rap and tried singing a few love songs...

???: And?

M950A: (Cringes) Someone stopped me.

???: Who?

M950A: I'm not sure. It might have been Grizzly – or was it Zas? Or some other Doll who was passing by... I don't remember.

M950A: Then...I got upset for getting interrupted, so I ran back to the dorm and sang over the public broadcast.

???: Then?

M950A: Then...I started thinking, "Who the hell is impersonating me?"

M950A charges forward and grabs the Doll who looks exactly like her by the neck.

???: What are you doing...? Let go of...

???: Don't be so rough on yourself! Surely you don't want to foot a large repair bill?!

M950A: What lousy mimicking technology. The edges are all fuzzy now that I get a closer look. If it weren't for my headache, you'd never have fooled me!

M950A: Alright, spill. Who are you?

???: Dammit, cat's out of the bag... Let go of me first.

M950A: I have the right to do whatever I want with intruders.

M950A: Should I blow open your neural cloud with my gun then try to deduce who you are, or will you just tell me who you are yourself?

???: Ack! What a violent psycho!

M950A: I see. Three.

???: Now hold on...

M950A: Two.

???: ...I'm Stechkin!

The holographic projection is deactivated. M950A stares at her colleague, whom she's lifted off the floor by the neck, and finally sets her back down.

M950A: Now explain yourself. Why the prank?

Stechkin: (Coughs painfully) Crazy woman. I'm so gonna file a complaint to the Commander.

M950A: Before that, tell me what's going on. What are you doing at my place?

M950A: I remember you once got punished for swindling supplies and selling them off. Have you not learned your lesson? Are you stealing my stuff this time?

Stechkin: Hey, don't go slinging mud at me, M950A! Makarov and I are charged with a serious mission!

M950A: Makarov? I'll believe it if she backs you up. So where is she?

Stechkin: She...she's probably interrogating others somewhere else...?

M950A: Alright, I'm reporting you right now.

Stechkin: No, hold on! I'm telling the truth! I'm here on official business! Besides, your second-hand stuff here can only be sold at half the original price; as if I'd be interested in them!

Stechkin: Like I said, I'm here on official business – if you don't believe me, take a look on Grifchan.

M950A: What kind of official business would be discussed on Grifchan...? Fine, I'll check the forum.

M950A: ...CCTV captured a figure in the Commander's bedroom last night?

Stechkin: It was around 23.30; you should still be singing at that time. Did you notice anyone suspicious?

M950A: Why would I? I was concentrating on keeping up with the beat. I didn't even remember who it was that dragged me away.

Stechkin: Oh, so in other words, you've only been making noise all night and have no other valuable information to contribute.

M950A: Say that again?!

Stechkin: What a shame, don't you agree? Yeah, I think so too. The dignified elite T-Doll M950A was croaking in the courtyard right outside the Commander's room in the middle of the night, but she didn't even know if anyone had gone past her to enter the room.

M950A: This kind of provocation doesn't work on me.

M950A: In any case, I have nothing to do with whoever may or may not be in the Commander's room, so you haul your ass out of my room. NOW.

Stechkin: You're such a killjoy and that's exactly why you have nothing but cheap stuff.

Stechkin: Forget it, I'm going.

With that, Stechkin turns and walks off, leaving M950A in the empty and silent dorm.

After a long while, she stamps her feet in indignation.

M950A: How dare you look down on me...?! Just you wait – I'm going to uncover the truth, right now!

In the Commander's bedroom.

M950A: Great... The scene is in a well-preserved state.

M950A mutters to herself as she puts on her shoe covers before entering the room to investigate.

M950A: The room has been dusted thoroughly and everything has been tidied recently... There's some chocolate on the bedside table – could've been left behind by the suspect.

M950A: Hold on, this chair shows signs of having been sat on. The Commander couldn't have sat there while they were drunk...so who could it be? The seat faces the window.

M950A: If someone was in here and the Commander's desk lamp was on, they would be visible through the window! This is an important lead! If I can just find the relevant evidence...

M950A: I've got it! Long black hair! The figure in the image posted on Grifchan also had long hair – this could be the suspect's!

She carefully preserves the strand of hair and heads toward the command room.

Just as M950A is about to enter, she is greeted by someone crying inside the room.

FF FNC: I'm...I'm coming clean!

FF FNC: At the party, it-it was me... I did it...

FF FNC: I...(sobs)...was the one who talked M950A into getting the Commander drunk...

M950A: Oh, so back then you were provoking me into drinking with the Commander?

FF FNC: I'm sorry... M950A, it was my fault! B...but...(sobs)...I really didn't stay long inside the Commander's room...

FF FNC: I...(sniffles)...I left right after I dropped off the chocolate...

M950A: So you were the one who put the chocolate on the bedside table?

FF FNC: (Sobs) You wouldn't let go of me and insisted that I listen to your singing, then Zas caught sight of me... I knew my plan was exposed, so I just left the chocolate behind and ran for it...

M950A: ...Really? I don't remember any of this.

M950A crosses her arms and sighs, then she steps aside and waits for FF FNC to finish her conversation with the Commander.

Ten minutes later.

M950A: Alright, it's my turn now, isn't it?

M950A: I'll keep this short. I found something in the Commander's room.

Makarov: You have key evidence?

M950A: Look.

M950A takes out a transparent sample bag that contains a strand of hair and shows it to everyone.

M950A: According to the screenshots uploaded to Grifchan, that woman obviously had long hair. And since not much light was reflected, it's got to be pretty dark in color.

M950A: Stechkin fits that description, but everyone knows that she was on duty last night.

Makarov: Hang on, the footage on the forum should've been taken down already. Who re-uploaded it?

Stechkin: Who else could it be? Only MDR would come up with such a click bait-y title.

Stechkin: She named the thread "Breaking News! Commander's Intimate Photos Leaked!" The number of views shot to the top just minutes after it was published, and she received a ton of upvotes for the thread.

Makarov: Lovely. Her account is going to be banned for five days.

M950A: We'll come back to that later. In any case, you've left out a candidate in your list of suspects.

Makarov: Oh? Who do you have in mind?

M950A: I saw someone enter the Commander's room. I don't remember the exact time, but she left something behind.

M950A: M1014 – both the length and color of her hair match the figure in the images. I've summoned her here.

Makarov: That does make her a possible suspect... We'll look into this. Commander, could we check the timestamp using your authorization codes?

Commander: It wasn't her. As far as I remember, she only came to wake me up this morning.

Makarov: But we can't rule out M950A's hypothesis. If M1014 stayed the entire night in the Commander's room, this case would be solved right away.

Makarov: ...Hm, she only stopped by in the morning. She's innocent.

M950A: ...In other words, I've wrongly accused her.

Makarov: Can't be helped, you didn't know the exact time of her visit.

Makarov: But now we're back to square one – we still can't be certain who that person was...

M950A: ...Commander, can I ask you a question?

Commander: ...What is it?

M950A: How come you know for sure it was neither FF FNC nor M1014? You actually know who exactly the person was, don't you?

Commander: Uh... Well...

M950A: Don't lie to me. I've fought by your side for a really long time. I can tell you're hiding something from me just from your eyes.

M950A: Who was it?

Commander: I was smashed. I have no idea at all.

M950A: Yet you were so certain...

M950A: ...Never mind. If you don't want to say, it's entirely up to you. I'll be off then.

Makarov: Where are you going?

M950A: Since I'm not one of the suspects and I don't have any assignments today, I'm heading back to the dorm to catch up on my beauty sleep.

Commander: ...

With that, M950A leaves the command room without a backward glance.

In the early evening, M950A is the only person still on the training ground.

System: Session complete. Calculating score...

System: M950A, damage - rank A, accuracy - rank A, rate of fire - rank S.

M950A: Restart.

System: Understood. Score reset...

System: ...

System: Session complete. Calculating score...

System: M950A, damage - rank A, accuracy - rank A, rate of fire - rank S.

M950A: Restart.

...

Time passes little by little as gunshots resound within the training ground, until the last ray of sunlight is drowned out by the night.

Finally, the gunshots cease.

M950A: (Pants)

Panting heavily, she puts down her gun and sits down against the wall.

M950A: I didn't notice before. I tore a hem during the training simulation... I'll have to get this mended later.

M950A: ...Venting like this doesn't work for me at all. The sound of gunfire only makes me feel more and more agitated.

???: I hear your troubled sighs. Are you in need of guidance, o lost maiden?

M950A: Who's that?

M950A jumps to her feet and finds a small drone hovering outside the window.

M950A: ...What a stupid trick. I know it's you, Commander.

???: Haha, I am listed among the Eight Mysteries of Griffin...

???: I am the elf in the moonlight, the willow warbler by the window. I only appear to those whose heart is heavy.

M950A: I'm not so pathetic that I need some electronic hobgoblin to cheer me up.

Willow Warbler: Hey, even an electronic hobgoblin has a sense of pride, you know?

Willow Warbler: Now let me guess... Your troubles have something to do with the Commander.

M950A: Which Griffin Doll doesn't worry about the Commander?

M950A: ...Whatever, it isn't exactly a secret anyway.

Willow Warbler: I've been flitting around the base and heard a lot about the figure who appeared in the Commander's room.

Willow Warbler: But you are not a suspect.

M950A: It doesn't matter who the hell that woman was.

M950A: Is the privacy of this conversation secure?

Willow Warbler: Once this conversation concludes, the saved log will be ejected into the sky as fireworks and blown to smithereens.

M950A: What? That's kinda overkill...

M950A: Anyway. As an elite T-Doll, I am capable of many things, and I'm always fighting at the forefront whenever there's a battle.

M950A: I'm powerful.

Willow Warbler: Yes, you are.

M950A: But last night, I let FF FNC goad me into getting the Commander completely plastered. Then I sang outside all night and disrupted the investigation process... I realized something was off, but I didn't press the matter like Kar98k.

M950A: I'm sure the Commander trusts us, but most of the time, we Dolls just can't keep a secret to save our own life. I'm simply not...

Willow Warbler: I'm just a simple drone; this kind of complicated things goes waaaaay over my head.

M950A: I knew it... Forget what I said. Send up the fireworks.

Willow Warbler: But the Commander is a trustworthy and candid person, no?

Willow Warbler: Perhaps the Commander simply thinks that this isn't a suitable time to reveal the truth. They might tell you some day.

M950A: What kind of rubbish... Are you trying to comfort me?

Willow Warbler: But don't you agree?

M950A: The Commander IS trustworthy and always does a brilliant job directing us in battle and maximizing our potential...

M950A: But I just can't forgive myself. That's right, I'm not good enough.

M950A: I AM stronger than I used to be, but that isn't good enough. I should not have made such a fool of myself.

Willow Warbler: I'm sure the Commander doesn't mind. They can make up their own mind. If the Commander was willing to go along with you, then they knew they could afford to get drunk, and they had plenty of faith in Griffin's security measures.

Willow Warbler: If someone suspicious had walked past you to enter the Commander's room, surely you would have been on your guard?

M950A: Yeah, I would definitely have noticed if it was someone up to no good.

M950A: ...You're right. At the end of the day, I'm just sulking for no reason.

Willow Warbler: I can spend some more time with you. When you get yourself out of that mental corner, let's go set off the fireworks together.

M950A: ...Why, you have a way with words.

Willow Warbler: I'm an electronic hobgoblin, after all!

M950A: Are you?

M950A suddenly flings the window open and leans out. However, other than the Fairy who claims to be a "Willow Warbler", it's completely empty outside.

M950A: ...Strange. Is it really not the Commander?

Meanwhile, in the Dolls' dormitory.

Thunder: Good thing you thought of that, Commander.

Thunder: If not for the remote control, we would've been discovered.

Commander: It's always a good idea to think several steps ahead.

M950A's Voice: Oh, really?

Thunder & Commander: ...

The question is accompanied by the appearance of M950A as she pushes open the door.

M950A: Well, well, well. If I hadn't left all my Dummies back at the dorm, I really wouldn't have found out about your little trick, Commander – and Thunder.

Commander: Oops, busted.

Thunder: Quick, Commander. Think another step ahead.

Commander: Have you seen M950A angry before? Give me some information to work with.

Thunder: No, I have not.

Commander: Then we're done for.

M950A: ...

M950A: Why are you looking at me like that? Did I say I was going to get angry over this?

Thunder: You don't look very happy.

M950A: I don't see the need to gloat just because I've discovered something I didn't expect.

M950A: It's what sets an elite Doll apart.

Commander: So, good evening.

M950A: Good evening. Also...

M950A: Thank you. I thought I'd find you here, Commander, but I didn't expect to see you as well, Thunder.

Thunder: I was worried.

M950A: There's nothing to worry about. I never sulk for too long. I tend to forget about such stuff sooner or later.

Commander: Really?

Thunder: It doesn't feel like it. You seem very distressed, 950.

M950A: I'm just tired.

M950A: I spent the entire afternoon on target practice, so that's only to be expected.

Thunder: Yeah, the wrists would go numb.

Thunder: So have you cheered up?

M950A: Not at all.

At that, M950A turns and directs her gaze at me.

I suddenly have a really bad feeling about this...

M950A: The Commander, whom I trust from the bottom of my heart, has played me for a fool – not once, but twice. You can't blame me for feeling surly, can you?

M950A: Leaving the woman's real identity aside, you posed as "Willow Warbler" to trick me into revealing my feelings, now you try to make excuses for yourself. Am I really a moron to you?

Commander: Uh, well now...

M950A: I've caught you red-handed. I can do anything to you.

M950A: So you'd better give me a satisfactory explanation, or else...

Commander: That's a seriously terrifying threat.

Commander: Alright, I was going to talk to you in person, but you've been locking yourself up at the training ground, so I had no other choice but to send a Fairy proxy... I was worried that you didn't want to see me, and if I'd gone and talked to you face-to-face, I might just end up making you even angrier.

M950A: So you've thought so many steps ahead, huh?

Thunder: That's the Commander for you. So even this is part of your plan?

Commander: Well, not exactly... I was just probing you.

Commander: I mean, who would believe the hobgoblin spiel?

M950A: ...I actually took it seriously for a few seconds. But your tone was so obvious, it's almost as if you were deliberately letting me know it was you.

M950A: What a rubbish attempt to probe me.

Commander: Sorry.

M950A: Whatever. I'm sure you have your reasons.

M950A: Like I said, whether about it's that weird woman, your weird hobgoblin, or what happens on the battlefield... I don't tend to sulk for long.

Thunder: 950 doesn't look angry anymore. That's good.

M950A: So how did the two of you end up joining forces?

The Commander and Thunder exchange a look. Thunder gives the Commander a nod.

Thunder: This is the perfect chance, Commander.

Commander: Indeed.

M950A: ...What is this all about?

Commander: Actually, we have a teeny tiny favor to ask...

...

M950A: HUH? What kind of weird favor is that?!

Thunder: I want to see.

Thunder: Everyone tried it out, and the wedding dress expo is in a few days. I want to see you in a white wedding dress, 950.

Commander: I'm sure you'll look beautiful in it.

M950A: Even if... Oh, fine! FINE! I'll do it, okay?! This one, right? Very well.

M950A: But there's no way I'm doing this on my own.

Commander: Then Thunder can also...

M950A: You join in too, Commander. This must have been your idea.

Commander: ...Huh?

Thunder: If this is also part of your plan, Commander, by all means.

Thunder: I'll look forward to seeing you all dressed up.

Commander: Wait, I didn't—

...

20 minutes later.

Commander: This hologram generator is pretty handy, though the details aren't exactly fitting.

While I'm muttering to myself, the door is opened.

Commander: ...

M950A: Why, you look good, Commander. You should dress up like this more often.

Commander: Stop teasing me...

Commander: YOU look absolutely stunning.

M950A: That makes the two of us.

M950A: This dress is covered in all kinds of jingling bits and pieces; it's quite a chore to put it on.

Commander: But it looks great – even better than I imagined.

Thunder: You look wonderful – both of you.

M950A: Well, of course.

She lifts her skirts and twirls lightly in front of me.

M950A: Blue skies, green grass, we now even have the bride. We're just missing two things.

M950A: One is the person who'd lead me by the arm, and the other... Can you guess, Commander?

Under the projected sky, the girl questions me with a cheeky smile.

Reflected in her brilliant eyes, her pure white dress envelops her in a soft and dazzling halo, leaving me almost spellbound.

But I think I know...the answer to her question.

Commander: A bouquet of cream-colored roses.

M950A: Huh? How do you know?

Commander: I'm the Willow Warbler, after all.

M950A: ...

...M950A is obviously not at all satisfied with my answer, but I suspect she knows exactly what I'm thinking.

The meaning of the cream-colored rose...matches her perfectly.