Makarov stands in the middle of the courtyard, taking in her surroundings in confusion.

It is getting brighter. The sun shines on every inch of the ground and every passing Doll, glinting off their weapons.

The wind, the laughter, the broadcast... Everything feels so familiar, yet at the same time unnatural.

Makarov: What...am I doing here...?

Makarov: Calm down, Makarov... Try to remember what happened...

Makarov: I...was searching for the truth.

Several days ago.

Makarov: (Sighs) Whenever alcohol is involved at a party, it will inevitably turn into a huge mess.

Makarov: M950A is still singing? Eh, I'll just leave her be... I need to rest now.

The dorm was silent, and the vigorous singing coming from a distance could be easily tuned out.

Makarov collapsed onto the bed, muttering to herself. She stared at the ceiling while she compiled the data in her neural cloud.

40 minutes later, she closed her eyes.

System: Makarov, enter rest mode?

System: New recommended Grifchan thread.

Makarov: Yes, leave me alone.

System: "Breaking News! Commander's Intimate Photos Leaked!"

Makarov: Meh.

System: "Who is the mysterious figure in the Commander's room?"

Makarov: ...What?!

In the command room.

Kalina: (Yawns) Right, that should be all the work for today! Next up – beauty sleep...

Makarov: Excuse me, are you there, Miss Kalina?

Kalina: I'm here! Is anything the matter, Makarov?

Makarov: I don't know if you've seen the thread on Grifchan.

Makarov: Stechkin, who was on duty in the surveillance room tonight, discovered an unfamiliar female figure in the Commander's room on the CCTV footage. She uploaded a screenshot onto the forum.

Kalina: What? Really?!

Makarov: Given the severity of this incident, I believe we should take down the thread first, then we have to find a way to solve the issue...

Kalina: Thank you for bringing this to my attention, Makarov. I'll delete the thread right away.

Kalina: But I bet the news have already spread like wildfire...

Makarov: We'll just have to swear everyone to secrecy.

Makarov: Though some of the Dolls are such loudmouths, I'm sure everyone at the base will have found out what happened by tomorrow...

Kalina: You're right.

Makarov: You seem very tired, Miss Kalina.

Makarov: Don't let this disrupt your rest. Leave the investigation to me.

Kalina: Huh? Are you taking charge of this?

Kalina: To be honest, I don't think there's a need to launch an investigation...

Makarov: No, this is very serious and we must identify the culprit.

Makarov: If people think that there are no consequences for trespassing in the Commander's private quarters, there will be no order at the base.

Kalina: Oh... Alright, then I'll leave this to you.

Kalina: But Makarov, promise me that you won't push yourself too much. It's okay if your investigation is inconclusive. Our surveillance system has been upgraded, and the security system will also undergo maintenance soon. Security measures will be tightened at the base.

Makarov: I understand. Thank you for the reassurance.

Kalina: I mean it – don't force it.

Kalina: (Yawns) In that case, goodnight.

Makarov: Everything was going well... Then we questioned all the possible suspects, but none of them proved to be guilty. And the Commander...

Makarov: Right, Kar accused the Commander of knowing who the intruder was...but we never managed to find out the truth.

Makarov: After that... What happened after that?

Makarov: Afterwards..

Carcano M1891: Alright! Since what's done is done, let's start preparing for the aftermath!

Makarov: What do you mean, "what's done is done"...? Don't go misusing idioms.

Makarov: And what's the deal with this "aftermath"? I'm just a detective, so why do I have to get involved?

Carcano M1891: Because this is a historic moment that you must bear witness to.

Carcano M1891: This remedial event is called "Operation Matchmaking for the Commander"!

Zas M21: ...I'd like to leave right now.

Makarov: Why are there so many wedding dresses anyway?

Zas M21: Apparently, Gr G36c and some of the others went on a mission before and ran into some kind of ghost. They came back with a huge collection of wedding dresses as their spoils... Wait, so these are the the spoils?

Carcano M1891: It'd be a complete waste if these gorgeous pieces are never worn.

Carcano M1891: Someone HAS to show off their beauty! Go on then, pretty ladies, take your pick! If it doesn't fit you well, I can make alterations on the spot!

Makarov: You have a point, but I don't want to.

Carcano M1891: Aw c'mon! You deserve this as a reward for your valuable contribution!

Carcano M1891: Zas, don't run! You'll get one too!

Makarov: I'll have no part in this tomfoolery.

Carcano M1891: Don't say that. The more the merrier! Besides, I have a dress that'll suit you perfectly!

Makarov: ...The Commander is here, so stop messing around.

Carcano M1891: The Commander is here, so we should let them see how pretty you look.

Carcano M1891: Or are you actually being shy?

Makarov: Not at all! Wedding dresses look great, but isn't it inappropriate to wear one just for fun?

Carcano M1891: It's good that you have so much respect for wedding dresses, but love doesn't require a ceremony to blossom.

Carcano M1891: So why not just try it on? Who knows, you may end up needing it for real some day.

Makarov: You... Oh fine, I'll put it on when they're done over there.

One and a half hours later, the tense conversation was finally over.

Makarov watched as Kar98k took her leave and was just about to follow suit when Cano clasped her by the shoulder.

Carcano M1891: You promised you're going to wear it, Makarov!

Carcano M1891: Heroes never flee.

Makarov: Why does your memory have to be so good...

Makarov: Alright, which dress do you want me to wear? I'll try it on.

Carcano M1891: There are actually a lot of dresses that'd suit you. Why don't you try them all?

Makarov: That's it, I'm going. Right now.

Carcano M1891: Okay, then this one it is! Go get changed; I'll look forward to it.

After Makarov got shoved into one of the changing rooms, the hall was filled with a brief moment of silence.

Makarov: ...Cano, do you believe what the Commander said?

Carcano M1891: You mean the figure being Signorina Kalina?

Makarov: Yeah.

Carcano M1891: Do YOU believe that?

Makarov: I want to, but I just don't buy it.

Makarov: I went to Miss Kalina the moment this happened, and she didn't know anything about it.

Carcano M1891: I see. Then it was very kind and understanding of you to not expose the Commander in front of everyone.

Makarov: Because Miss Kalina was also trying to help the Commander keep this secret, so I suppose...there must be a reason.

Makarov: Perhaps it's something we shouldn't know about.

Carcano M1891: That's also what I think.

Makarov: I understand why you organized this event.

Makarov: Even though we all know what's going on, what happened is still very difficult for us to swallow.

Makarov: The Commander hardly ever keeps things from us, but now... We'd have no way of knowing even if the person were in the Commander's room this very moment.

Carcano M1891: But it's pointless to sulk over it. When we're not fighting battles, we should simply enjoy life.

Carcano M1891: We have our beautiful dresses, pretty makeup, and a Commander who's both strong and wise.

Carcano M1891: That was just one deception, and some lies are white lies. Instead of letting this ruin your mood, why not just enjoy the look on the Commander's face?

Makarov: You are surprisingly blasé about this...

Makarov: Everyone other than Kar seems okay with letting this go, so I suppose that's a good thing.

Carcano M1891: Humans aren't like Dolls.

Carcano M1891: "The life a person has led is one and one alone, uniform and compact as a shrunken blanket where you can't distinguish the fibers of the weave."

Makarov: I think I see what you're getting at.

Makarov: The Commander puts a lot more deliberation in their actions than we do, because humans only get one chance at life, while we can be resurrected... This is also why it's our job to protect the Commander.

Makarov: The Commander must have a compelling reason to justify that decision... They would never put themselves in danger for no reason.

Carcano M1891: Exactly! Besides, the truth might just be too tough to explain.

Makarov: What do you mean?

Carcano M1891: What if that mysterious figure was actually a ghost...?

Makarov: Halloween is still a long way away.

Carcano M1891: Or maybe it was a system malfunction...

Makarov: Then the surveillance system might even pass the Turing test – it could be looking to initiate an intimate relationship.

Carcano M1891: Or it could be someone with superpowers – or an alien.

Makarov: I've run out of sarcasm, Cano.

Carcano M1891: Haha, I was just joking. You don't have to try so hard to play the straight man, Makarov.

I know, you're just trying to make me feel better.

I'm done.

Carcano M1891: Wow, you look awesome! Go and see the Commander in this!

Carcano M1891: When they see you, I'm sure they'll shower you with praise!

Makarov: T-Dolls shouldn't be fishing for compliments...

Carcano M1891: T-Dolls have all the right to strive for beauty. If you want to be cold and unfeeling, you might as well be a Military automaton.

Carcano M1891: Sure, they're mighty, but their existence only involves killing and being killed.

Carcano M1891: Peace can only be possible if people yearn for goodness and beauty.

Makarov: How strange... True beauty only exists in a world of peace, but only during times of strife does it appear exceptionally bright and enticing.

Carcano M1891: Well, even beauty needs something to serve as a foil. Now go.

Makarov: Then... I went to see the Commander.

Makarov: What happened next? I think I heard someone talking... I might still have the audio file.

Kalina's Voice: Sheesh... Commander, they almost found out about that! Maybe we should put her in some other room?

Kalina's Voice: I can arrange an unoccupied room for her or something...

Commander's Voice: Sorry, Kalina. It was an accident...

Commander's Voice: But why would you show up on the CCTV footage? I thought you said the system wouldn't be able to register your signal once we'd input the filter.

Unfamiliar Female Voice: It really was an accident. You didn't trust me enough, or I should say there was some miscommunication between us.

Unfamiliar Female Voice: If you'd told me beforehand that there would be a maintenance on Griffin's surveillance system today, or at least let me out of the room just so I wouldn't be completely cut off from the outside world, I would've been able to prevent this.

Commander's Voice: ...It was my fault.

Commander's Voice: Alright, I'll let you out, but...what are you planning to do?

...

Makarov: Dammit, that's all I can recall...

Makarov: What on earth happened?

Commander: Makarov?

Commander: Good morning. You're still here?

Makarov: Good morning... Commander.

Makarov: There's something wrong with my memory. A chunk of data is missing.

Commander: I was just going to tell you – last night, I found you standing outside my room, completely powered off. It gave me quite a fright.

Commander: The maintenance staff came by and fixed you up. Are you feeling better now?

Makarov: I crashed...? Maybe some parts just randomly gave out.

Makarov: Commander, about what happened before...

Commander: ...I'm listening.

Makarov: I trust you.

Makarov: No matter what you decide to do, I'm sure you've given it due consideration.

Makarov: It's okay if you don't tell us. But if something similar happens again, I'll still take the necessary steps to ensure your safety.

Commander: I understand. Thank you.

Commander: You look lovely in this dress, Makarov.

Makarov: That's only natural, because I'm always exceptional.

Makarov: I'm beautiful and cute even in a wedding dress.

Commander: Haha... You're absolutely right.

Commander: I never have to worry about anything with you by my side.

Makarov: If something similar happens again...I will definitely uncover the truth.

Makarov responds only with a smile.

It isn't yet time to go to work, and the two share a brief moment of peace.

This scene is witnessed by a certain "someone" hiding behind the curtains. Has she also documented what just transpired between the human and the Doll?

Only this silent witness knows.