T-Doll Dormitory, Griffin Control.

Commander: Good afternoon. May I come in?

Makarov: Da, please come in.

Makarov: Dobryy den', Commander. How can I help you?

Commander: Uh...

Makarov, who is assembling something with her back facing me, is dressed very differently from the way she usually does.

She has obviously made a lot of preparations for this event.

Makarov: Commander?

Commander: Sorry. My mind was wandering.

Commander: You look nice.

Makarov: So, are you here to take a sneak peek of my costume? As you see, this is it.

Commander: I did come because I was wondering.

Commander: The costume is great. Very suited for Halloween.

Commander: Speaking of which, Makarov...

Makarov: Spasibo...hmm?

Makarov: What is it, Commander?

Makarov stops what she's doing with a hollow metal ball and turns around to see what I'm up to.

Commander: You...aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?

She gives me a long stare and sighs softly. Then she turns back to her prop and resumes her work.

Makarov: I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. I am not the slightest bit frightened of such things.

Makarov: I have no fear for all things, real or not, invincible or not.

Makarov: So please don't expect any surprise on my part at this haunted house event.

Commander: (She saw right through me...)

Commander: What a shame. I did expect a surprise, and I've been looking forward to it.

Makarov: Then you should not have unwrapped the candy before it's time.

Commander: Knowing thy enemy and anticipating their moves are important to any operation, right?

Commander: Besides, I haven't checked out your other friends who'll be there at the event. I still have many candies to unwrap.

Makarov: It's enough of a surprise if those idiots don't mess anything up.

Makarov: Khorosho. It's almost time for my shift at the haunted house, Commander. See you later.

Commander: Sure, see you. I'll look forward to your checkpoint, Makarov.

Makarov: I told you there is nothing to look forward to...

...

Half an hour before the Haunted House Adventure begins, Checkpoint 3.

Makarov: I see I don't know you nearly well enough.

M1919A4: Eeeeek! Oh, it's you, Makarov. You gave me quite a scare.

Makarov: Should a T-Doll that's masquerading as a demonic creature be scared by a simple hello?

Makarov: You're here early. What are you doing?

M1919 gives her tactical tablet a wave. Makarov glances at it - it's covered in text.

Makarov: Don't tell me you are studying up on vampires.

M1919A4: Heheh, bingo!

Makarov: You seem to put much more effort in your characterization than the others.

Makarov: And your costume...is very well done, no matter how I look at it.

Makarov: I'm sure you've been bombarding Miss Springfield with questions about your outfit, da? Miss Vampire?

M1919A4: Of course!

M1919A4: If I'm doing this, I gotta give it my best.

M1919A4: Especially at an event where I can scare people with no consequences! That's once in a blue moon!

Makarov: Basically you only want to scare people...

Makarov: But it sure is astonishing to see a wrecking ball like you studying quietly.

M1919A4: See? You don't know me nearrrrrrrly well enough!

Makarov: Seeing how seriously you are taking this, I won't spoil the fun.

Makarov: Do your best. I hope Miss Carmilla will deliver a big surprise to our patrons.

M1919A4: You can look forward to it!

M1919A4: Speaking of which, why have you come at such a time?

M1919A4: Judging by your usual style, shouldn't you be solemnly guarding your post?

Makarov: This is a recreational group activity.

Makarov: I'm not as wooden as you think. I do consider it a good idea to cultivate friendship among colleagues.

Makarov: It is always more efficient and effective to do the right thing at the right time.

M1919A4: Wooden is exactly what you are. Everything you do is based on cold logic...

Makarov: No, it is based on past experience...

(Click)

M1919A4: Whoa...! What's going on?!

M1919A4: Why has it gone all dark?

M1919 holds up her tablet for illumination.

Makarov is still standing silently in the soft glow.

M1919A4: You're still here... Phew.

Makarov: Da, I'm here...

Makarov: But it's time I returned to my post. Please excuse me.

The instant Makarov opens the door, something flits by.

Makarov: ...

M1919A4: Did you feel that as well, Makarov...?

Makarov: Something seems to have whisked past us...

M1919A4: Have we made this sort of gliding mechanism?

Makarov: Not to my memory.

M1919A4: You're awfully chill about this, Makarov...

M1919A4: Aren't you scared at all? What if something happened?

Makarov: Then we just have to stay with our post and play our part.

Makarov: Besides...the point of the event is not the haunted house to begin with.

M1919A4: You have a point.

M1919A4: Then stay safe on your way back! Don't trip!

Makarov flashes M1919 a brief smile in the eerie blue light.

Makarov: Do your best, Miss Carmilla.

Makarov: I look forward to the surprise you have in store for everyone.

...

In the pitch black corridor.

Makarov: Still, what really is the matter here...

Makarov: Let me check the electrical room first.

Light is shining dimly through the half-open door to the electrical room.

Before Makarov reaches it, the door creaks open and out comes a T-Doll.

Makarov: Hey, what are you doing here?

WA2000: AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

Makarov: Hey, calm down. It's me, Makarov.

WA2000: Oh, it's you... You scared the crap out of me. I almost shot you.

Makarov: "I'm an elite who specializes in solo operations."

Makarov: Is that not what you always say? Then what's with that reaction?

WA2000: Shut up already! I'm not scared of ghosts. I'm just vigilant against possible enemies.

Makarov: I did not say you were scared of ghosts.

Makarov: But you aren't...very good with supernatural things, are you, WA2000?

WA2000: Why would I be scared of ghosts? There's absolutely no way such unscientific things could exist.

WA2000: Besides, I only just finished repairing the circuit. I haven't even turned the power switch back on. The haunted house doesn't have power yet, and the electronic ghosts aren't working, so what's there to be scared of?

Makarov: ...

Makarov: Da, that makes sense.

Makarov: So...what is that behind you?

WA2000 freezes.

A few seconds later, she turns her head stiffly...

WA2000: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

WA2000 screams and dashes off.

Makarov: She runs very fast for a rifle T-Doll.

Makarov: But who on earth fixed that projection thingy behind her?

Makarov: It's only powered by battery cells. Interesting.

???: You really aren't even a little bit scared of ghosts, Makarov.

Makarov: It has never been part of my setting.

Makarov: By the way, it was you who flitted past the door, wasn't it, Type64?

Type64: How unfortunate.

Type64: But it's even more unfortunate for the event...

Type64: Everyone has put so much effort in the preparation, and it's ruined because of the power outage.

Makarov: Really? It is an event for scaring people anyway.

Makarov: It can be considered a success as long as someone gets spooked. That's what I think.

Type64: You have a point...

Type64: (Chuckles) Well, everyone did get spooked, except for the Commander...

Type64: Somehow that irks me.

Makarov: Is that so?

Makarov: That won't do.

Type64: Oh?

Type64: Got any good ideas, Makarov?

Makarov: The event is far from over. It's too early to admit defeat.

Makarov: Our setup is still in place. Let's resume the operation.

Type64: Sounds good, but how should we do that?

Type64: Should I mobilize everyone?

Makarov: Nyet, we won't have enough time for that.

As she speaks, Makarov turns on a transmission channel.

Makarov: Do you copy, M1919A4?

Makarov: Right. Listen to me. I have a favor to ask...

Makarov: ...

Makarov: Khorosho. I'm leaving it to you.

Type64: Pfffft.

Type64: That sounds really interesting.

Type64: I'm sure the result's gonna be great.

Makarov: Who can tell before the plan is put into action? The commander could very well not fall for this.

Type64: Are you nervous?

Makarov: Sorry to disappoint, but not at all. Let's just wait and see.

After a few minutes.

Type64: It's been a while, but nothing happened at all...

Type64: It probably didn't...

Commander: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!

The Commander's voice comes through the channel.

Type64: ...

Type64: Ah... It worked.

Type64: What a blood-curdling scream. I'm even starting to take pity on the Commander.

Makarov: Khorosho. The operation was a success.

Type64: That was a fantastic plan.

Type64: But only someone who's afraid of ghosts would understand the things that scare people.

Type64: You couldn't have come up with this idea if you really weren't afraid of ghosts, could you, Makarov?

Makarov: It's almost time... Let's join them at the cafe.

Type64: Aren't you gonna answer me, Makarov?

Makarov: Humph... That was just "a little surprise" for the Commander.