The air is filled with the sound of clinking glasses and peoples' voices. There are smiles on everyone's faces as they toast to each other and wish each other well.

MDR had originally thought that she would be able to capture some interesting footages, like drunken brawls or alcohol-induced sexual harassment...

But the partygoers are just too well-behaved, which deeply disappoints her.

MDR: ...This is just weird! What's with these people?

MDR: Why are they just chugging champagne? Haven't they started the drunken brawl yet? Where are the drunkards?

MDR: I've got a livestream and a fully-charged power bank ready to go! This is lame!

Although she's wearing an elegantly-designed evening dress and has her hair done up into a slightly curled ponytail...there's no disguising the stench of a rafflesia no matter how beautifully you wrap it up.

As I hear MDR muttering complaints over the world not being in total chaos, I sigh helplessly and whisper a gentle reminder into her ear.

Commander: Don't project your own attitudes onto others, MDR.

Commander: Take a good look at these ladies and gentlemen. Why else do you think I brought you out here, if not to learn from them?

MDR: But in all the shows and movies I've seen, people end up dying every time they throw a party, don't they?

MDR: At weddings, at celebrations...every time people gather, it eventually devolves into poisoned wine, daggers and closed-room murders.

MDR: It makes no sense that nothing's happening when we've got all these people gathered together!

Commander: The participants are all big names in the industry who were carefully selected by the organizer...and besides, it's not like every banquet has to end in blood!

Commander: We're not playing a game of thrones, nor are we making a crappy TV series. This is the real world.

MDR: Arghhh, reality is just one big disappointment.

Commander: Well, you WOULD be disappointed, given that all you want to do is watch the world burn. Am I right?

MDR: You just don't get it. When I post every day, it's not just because I think it's fun, but also because it's a civic duty I need to fulfill.

MDR: Sigh...

MDR puffs up her cheeks, then stomps over to the edge of the banquet hall before leaning against a wall and flipping her phone open.

MDR: ...Hah? Are you kidding me? She took a selfie before she headed out and asked everyone how it looks? K2 is just so lame.

MDR: And what the hell, Gr G28's pretending to be a lady and asking about etiquette to make herself sound like a cute little noob, has she forgotten search engines exist in this day and age?

MDR: I knew it, they can't manage without me... If this keeps up, Grifchan is going to drown in a sea of spam.

MDR: Hm? This signal is...why is the anti-jamming detector reacting to it?

MDR's dour expression instantly vanishes, replaced by a look of barely-concealed delight.

MDR: Judging by this wavelength...someone nearby's using an IFF jammer!

MDR: I didn't think that this suspicious app that I bought during an online sale in order to protect against covert enemy surveillance would actually come in useful!

MDR: Hehe...what'll it be, a terrorist, an out-of-control AI, or some ruthless alien invader?

MDR: I'm not unarmed, you know, I brought my gun with me in this case so I can throw down at any time...hm?

MDR's eyes follow in the direction of the jamming signal that her phone indicated, and they naturally fall upon the most eye-catching person in sight.

A silver-haired girl dressed in a dark-colored evening dress is chatting with several men with her eyes closed and a composed smile on her face.

MDR: Is she the source of the jamming signal?

MDR: She looks way too pretty to be human, could she be a Doll?

MDR: Let me see...huh, the security systems didn't record her entering...

Although MDR came here for her own amusement, she hasn't forgotten that Griffin is in charge of security for the party.

Anyone with an invitation could enter, but they would be subjected to a facial scan at the entrance.

MDR: In any case, it looks like there's a loophole in security.

MDR: Did someone hack the entry logs, or did she infiltrate by some other means?

MDR: Heh, this is getting more interesting the more I think about it. Looks like it's worth unearthing.

MDR: In any case, I'll just take a picture for the record... Okay, got to act natural...

MDR carefully raises her phone to her chest, and takes a picture of the silver-haired doll's rough location.

But when MDR checks how the picture turned out, she finds the Doll is looking straight at the lens.

When MDR raises her head, she sees a baleful light emanating from those purple eyes...

???: ...

MDR: ...

MDR: (U...uh-oh. I've been spotted!)

MDR hurriedly puts her phone away and fights to keep the look of panic off her face as she turns away stiffly and strides back into the milling crowds of the banquet hall.

MDR: (What's with her...is she an enemy? Maybe I should report this to the Commander...)

MDR: Whoa!

As MDR tries to sort out the situation in her head, she looks up and sees another girl whose demeanor is very similar to that of the silver-haired Doll from just now. She's so startled she almost cries out.

However, it only takes half a second before MDR realizes that although this Doll looks like the one who had glared at her, she is actually completely different.

While she also has silver hair, it's of a warmer hue, and she doesn't look as frightening either.

MDR: (Huh? They look similar, but they're not the same...)

MDR: (Hang on, are there entry records of her?)

MDR: 【Griffin Employee, personal luggage exempt from inspection, may pass checkpoints without delay.】

MDR: ...

MDR: (Griffin doesn't have a Doll who looks like her, do we? This is way too suspicious. Or do I not recognize her because she comes from another base?)

MDR: (At times like these... I need to call on the power of the people!)

MDR: Hey, you! The cute one!

MDR is all smiles as she sidles up to the silver-haired girl.

MDR: Your cocktail dress is stunning, and there's a lot of depth to the way the red changes in shade! Mind if I snap a pic?

MDR: I wanna get myself something like that later...

???: Uh...um...I can't...

MDR: My, don't be shy! You're really cute and photogenic!

MDR: If it makes you feel less self-conscious, we can take a selfie together!

???: I'm sorry, but I really... What on earth...should I do about the case...?

Although the two of them seem to be talking past each other, MDR manages to get beside the girl and put an arm around her back, and she gets a picture of the two of them together amidst the girl's confusion.

MDR: (Mission Great Success! Now I'll just upload this to Grifchan and ask anyone if they've seen her before...)

Commander: What are you doing here, MDR?

MDR: Oh, Commander! You showed up at the perfect time. I'm looking into...

Commander: Isn't this AN-94? Do the two of you know each other?

MDR: A-actually, we just met today, and it feels like we hit it off really well, so I wanted to take a photo to commemorate the occasion, ahaha.

Commander: Wait a minute, if AN-94's here, then that means...

???: It would seem that 94's circle of friends has expanded considerably while I wasn't looking.

AN-94: AK-12?! You...!

Commander: (Groans) AK-12, AN-94, it's you again? And you've got a big case with you?

Commander: Does your presence mean that we're going to be pulled into some great conspiracy tonight?

AK-12: You wouldn't believe me if I said no, right?

Commander: Frankly speaking, I wouldn't believe you no matter you said.

AK-12: Precisely, and so you have asked a pointless question.

AK-12: Now then, 94...

MDR: Who are they? They don't look like S.F. Dolls. Are they Dolls from an allied firm?

Commander: ...They're not quite allies. Just...think of them as a special Griffin unit.

Commander: Yeah, they're elites who are out on dispatch 365 days a year.

MDR looks at the two silver-haired Dolls and the large case beside them, then thinks back to the entry records she had been querying earlier...

Suddenly, it clicks for her, and MDR murmurs in awe.

MDR: Huh~ Well, that's interesting.

MDR: Perhaps these two — AK-12 and AN-94, was it? — might be ladies of culture like myself.

...Soon afterwards.

The party is still in full swing, and as the alcohol content of the drinks goes up, more and more tongues are loosened and people begin taking the initiative to chat up others.

Despite that, everyone remains civilized, and there are no interesting incidents that would excite MDR.

Still, MDR knows that as long as those two are in attendance...something is going to happen sooner or later.

MDR: My oh my, it's a shame that I'm not a gourmet streamer, otherwise I could sensibly and logically make all the other Dolls green with envy by streaming and dining at the same time.

MDR: Hm? What's that over there...ohhh, has it begun?

Out of the corner of her eye, MDR notices the Commander, K2 and the silver-haired duo gathered on the balcony outside the banquet hall. They seem to be discussing something.

Going by her (self-proclaimed) incomparably keen detective senses, MDR immediately draws closer.

AK-12: In fact, I just asked the party organizers to bring out the card table from the games room and set it up in the venue hall in the name of Griffin & Kryuger.

AK-12: They agreed readily, of course. The name of Griffin is quite handy.

Commander: So you arranged an event like this on your own... I knew it, you and AN-94 didn't show up here by chance.

AK-12: Our previous encounter at the beach could still be considered happenstance, but this was a meeting ordained by fate.

Commander: Ordained by fate? Sorry, but I'm not a fatalist.

Commander: And besides, that was just wishful thinking on your part. I'm not interested in getting involved with troublesome things.

AK-12: Humans who defy their fate are quite interesting, even if their struggles amount to nothing.

AK-12: Don't you wish to wipe away your shame from last time? Or do you intend to waste the efforts of the workers laboring to provide the entertainment?

Commander: Since when is watching other people play games a form of entertainment?

AK-12: On that point you are mistaken. The entertainment is not in the game itself, but the forfeits that winning or losing bring with them...

AK-12: While not everyone will be pleased to see the winner receive their prize, everyone will be delighted to see the loser fall into the abyss.

AK-12: Playing a game may not be enjoyable in itself, but watching others lose is the height of joy.

K2: Commander, you mustn't give in to such an arrogant Doll!

K2: Even if she's an elite sent over by the higher-ups... I won't admit defeat!

Commander: You don't have to push yourself, K2. Let me handle it.

Commander: There's no need to have our people become a laughingstock in public like this. Besides, those two there aren't actually...

MDR: Good! I like that spirit!

MDR: K2's right, if we admit defeat so easily, we won't be able to hold our heads up with pride.

MDR, who has suddenly barged onto the balcony and cut into the conversation, immediately becomes the focus of every participant in the conversation...

The pause does not embarrass her, and she even twirls three times in a showy way before stopping by AK-12's side and lifting the hem of her dress to the Commander in a curtsy.

MDR: As long as there's people from our base on both sides, then no matter what kind of competition it is, we can claim that we won in the end, right? Isn't that a win-win situation?

K2: What's the meaning of this, MDR?!

MDR: What did you think I'd do, tell you, "I'm done being a Griffin Doll!" or something?

MDR: Let me join up with them, just for a while, of course.

MDR: Then you can find two more Dolls to partner up with K2, and that'll make an even three-on-three. As for what we'll be playing, it doesn't really matter, right?

Commander: I didn't want to cause trouble for everyone, but...

Commander: (Sighs) Since you're all so fired up, I'll just go with it. Who knows, I might be interfering too much with things.

I left the balcony dejected. K2 followed me with her fists clenched and filled with determination to bring us glory through battle.

After everyone left, MDR extends a hand out to AK-12, but AK-12 does not shake it right away.

AK-12: Actually, I had a way to make the Commander comply, and of course I had a backup plan for that in case that didn't work.

AK-12: In other words, I owe you nothing, so what you did just now was a waste of effort, you know?

MDR: I know, because we're both the kind of people who want to watch the world burn.

MDR: For example...the way you snuck into the party tonight was quite ingenious. I like that big case of yours.

As she hears that, AK-12 freezes for a moment, and the corner of her mouth turns up in the hint of a smile.

AK-12: I see. It would seem we're not so different after all, in a certain sense.

AK-12: Then we'll form an alliance for the time being, MDR.

MDR: In exchange, I want the exclusive production rights for what comes next.

AK-12: You want to film it? Very interesting. Certainly. I'd love for everyone to be able to see it.

AK-12 and MDR shake hands with wicked smiles on their faces.

AK-12: Frankly speaking, I have no idea what allying with you will accomplish. It feels like it won't have any effect on the competition we're about to have.

MDR: In that case... Just now, you said you were going to play a game or have a match with the Commander, is that right?

MDR: What exactly are you going to do?

AK-12: Texas Hold 'Em. Ever played it?

MDR: Tex-As-Hold-Em. Searching. Let me see...ugh...

While she had proudly declared her intent to join the fight, it is only after doing so that MDR realizes they will be playing a card game of which she has never heard before.

Filled with the utmost regret, MDR squats in the toilet and searches through all the online Texas Hold ‘Em tutorials she can find.

MDR: This is ridiculous, how could anyone like a primitive non-electronic game like this?

MDR: Come to think of it, how the hell did humanity manage to survive those several hundred thousand years before the invention of the Internet...

MDR grumbles as she stared at her phone's screen, tabbing between videos and rule files. She resists the urge to yawn and fervently multitasks as she tries to make a last-minute miracle happen.

At first, even MDR doesn't dare have such high hopes for herself, but after several minutes of reflection, it dawns on her.

MDR: Huh? So that means, there's actually no technique to this game, it's just betting and mucking your cards?

MDR: ...The secret is in pretending, baiting the opposition into folding or raising...

MDR: What the hell, it's simple! After this, all I need to do is memorize the scoring for the cards.

K2: MDR? Where are you? The card table's set up and everyone's waiting for you to show up so the game can begin!

MDR: Don't panic, the hero always arrives fashionably late.

K2: What do you mean by "hero", didn't you switch sides and join the enemy?

MDR: I'll be there right away, hanging up now~

K2: Why are you even doing this...wait, don't hang up on me, you—

...Click.

MDR: Sorry, but sometimes you need to sell your neural cloud to the devil for the sake of the truth...

MDR: Who is that, who is that? Who is that, who am I? She became a devil, it's MDR, it's MDR~

MDR: Alright, let's go! Time to become a woman who threw everything away for the sake of gambling!

After watching a "Learn Texas Hold 'Em in 10 Minutes" video, MDR is enlightened and strides toward the battlefield, filled with confidence.

There is an oval card table in the banquet hall, and six beautiful Dolls seated around it. MDR's drone silently records the proceedings from the air.

The guests surround the table and whisper to each other, discussing the present circumstances and trying to predict who will win this game.

However, there are other points of interest in addition to the game, such as...

MDR: Oh?

MDR: Oh~

MDR: Oh!

MDR: Ohhhhhh——!

As the round starts, MDR peeks at her hole cards and squeals in utter delight, even pumping her fist into the air several times.

Her exaggerated movements draw laughter from the spectators.

K2: She looks like she pulled an SSR in some online gacha...

Gr G28: Hmm...it's impossible to tell.

M99: This...is just the beginning. How does she know if her cards are good or bad? I'm sure she's just bluffing.

Compared to the Griffin contingent's doubt and disbelief, the DEFY contingent seems to be enjoying themselves very much.

AK-12: What an interesting person. In that case... I'll bet 1000.

AN-94: I call.

Gr G28: ...I fold.

M99: Gr G28, what are you... MDR's clearly bluffing!

Gr G28: Something doesn't feel right about this...

Gr G28: Also, Texas Hold 'Em isn't won in one round. If this round goes badly, I'll just try again during the next one.

K2: I call! We can't lose, for the sake of Griffin.

The game continues, and the number of chips grows and grows.

A new round begins, and when MDR's turn rolls around, she raised her eyebrows and doesn't bother hiding her smile as she does something that makes everyone stare dumbfoundedly.

MDR: ALL IN.

MDR: Ahhhh, this feels great, can I do that again? Let's just put some filters on this selfie, and then...yeah!

AK-12: There's probably something interesting in store... I fold.

AN-94: Me too.

M99: (Groans) Don't tell me you really started with good cards?

M99: In that case, I'll...er... I'll fold too.

Four of the six Dolls have already folded, and now it's down to a one-on-one.

But just then, K2 also does something unexpected.

K2: I'm going all in too! MDR, I won't be scared off by your cheap tricks!

MDR: Oh reeeeeeeally~?

MDR: Enough talk. Show your hand.

K2: ...A flush!

MDR: What a shame, I have a full house.

MDR smiles brightly as she shows her hole cards, and K2 can only watch as MDR sweeps away all the chips which had been bet.

K2: Why...but how...

AN-94: (It's just like what we saw beforehand. She's cheating. She used that drone to scan every card and gave them infrared markers...)

AK-12: (That's none of our business. Besides, isn't this pretty entertaining too?)

MDR: Aw, how cruel of me, I actually made you the first loser to retire from this game empty-handed.

MDR: I'll level with you - you already fell into my trap from the start when I was laughing out loud. Ohoho!

MDR: Did you see that, everyone? That's the inscrutable power of the great and wise MDR.

She looks toward the drone and makes a V sign for victory.

MDR: Everyone from Grifchan, kneel before the Goddess of Gambling!

MDR: Oh yeah, I need to make a tutorial post for Texas Hold 'Em when I get back!

At this moment, MDR is completely satisfied.

The real reason behind why AK-12 and AN-94 had come to the party? That doesn't matter anymore.

Now, all she has to do is rake in the replies and today will be perfect...

...Thud.

There is a dull sound as something falls to the carpet.

MDR: Eh? Ehhhhhhhhh?!

MDR: That's my drone, but how...

MDR: That control signal's coming from — Commander?!

Commander: At first, I didn't want to interfere, but I couldn't keep watching.

Commander: MDR...you were cheating with your drone, weren't you?

In the end, MDR is chased out for cheating, and the game starts again.

Time flies by in the Dolls' game...

Until the final loser gives her final performance, and the curtain falls on the cocktail party.

However, over the next few weeks, MDR, who had enjoyed the experience, goes on to organize poker games in the Griffin Café as always...

...And pays a grave price for her villainy.

Under a certain blanket...in a certain Griffin dorm.

MDR: Huh, Big Sis Thompson? Please be lenient, I'm getting it together, I promise, I'll return the money...

MDR: Yes, uh, I managed to monetize my game stream recently, and once the cash comes in I'll pay you back right away...

MDR: (Whimpers) Hi, I'm MDR. I'm very cute and very hungry. Please donate to me...and sent.

MDR: Whoaaa!!

MDR: Whew, you scared me to death! I thought you were...so it was you, TAC.

TAC-50: You were caught cheating during a card game... and in the end you really did become a woman who threw away everything for the sake of gambling.

TAC-50: Are you still not going to change your ways even after being punished by the Commander?

MDR: Raining on my parade, huh? And why did I end up rooming with you, anyway?

TAC-50: ...You know, I was wondering about the exact same thing.

TAC-50: In any case, the amount of pocket money MDR is getting today will be — zero.

MDR: Ahhhhhhhh! I'm sorry, I won't do it again...

TAC-50: And the cheating?

MDR: ...It was my fault. I won't get caught again.

MDR: Owwwww! That hurts, why are you hitting me on the head?!

After seeing the pitiful look on MDR's face, TAC-50 sighs heavily.

TAC-50: For some reason, I have the feeling that this isn't the first time, and it won't be the last time that this sort of thing happens.