...In one of the Griffin dorms...

...On a bed, under the blanket.

Tap tap tap tap tap.

MDR: What? For real? This isn't a scam, is it?

MDR: Is the source credible?

Private Message: It's true, Kalina told me herself.

Tap tap tap tap.

MDR: But I heard the previous organizer had no plans for a Halloween party this year? Even the one at the café...

Private Message: Springfield has no intention of organizing it, which is why I'm thinking about doing it myself.

Private Message: I'm recruiting some like-minded Dolls so that we can put our heads together.

MDR: Heh...

Tap tap tap tap.

MDR: What exactly do you have in mind?

Private Message: Nothing specific yet, but I'll try my best to avoid causing mayhem like they did last year.

MDR: ...In that case, I have just the idea. Wanna hear me out?

Tap tap tap tap...

MDR rapidly types in her reply. Just before she hits the "send" button, she licks her lips deviously.

MDR: Hehehehe... FIRE.

MDR grins as she turns off her phone. She buries her face in the pillow and kicks her legs in excitement.

MDR: Hohoho, I can't wait for Halloween.

...A few days later, in a warehouse at the Griffin base.

MDR: The fearsome hemorrhagic fever spreads throughout the nation within a very short time...

MDR: To protect himself from this horrific plague, the king builds a massive wall and shuts the city gate.

MDR: The king, his friends, and his family take refuge in the depths of the fortress, but they can still hear the cries over the walls...

MDR: ...And so they start trading stories – just like what we're doing now. That way, they can forget about the pleas for help coming from outside.

Pairs of wide eyes are all focused on the story teller.

MDR pauses dramatically as she basks in the attention.

S.A.T.8: ...W-What happens then?

TAC-50: Don't give her what she wants, S.A.T.8. MDR is waiting for us to react.

Bren: It doesn't matter what kind of ghost story it is. If ghosts or monsters appear, just fight them off.

MDR: The people in the castle don their masks and throw parties night after night. They take turns telling stories – funny ones, scary ones, astounding ones...

MDR: However, one night, when a story teller stands up after the end of the previous story, everyone can tell that something is amiss.

MDR: This person is draped in white cloth from head to toe. Among the lavishly dressed aristocrats, he sticks out like a rotten corpse wrapped in old bandages.

MDR: He looks exactly like...

MDR: AAAAAAHHHH! Like that, behind you!!

MDR points toward S.A.T.8, behind whom a hovering white phantom appears out of thin air.

S.A.T.8: ACK!

Bren: This must be a trick... Watch me!

S.A.T.8 jumps in fright, but Bren nonchalantly leans over and grabs the phantom. She takes hold of its fabric and flips it over.

MDR: The king orders the others to capture this stranger who managed to slip into their sanctuary, but when the cloth wrappings are removed, nothing remains except for a pungent waft of crimson fog.

MDR: Soon, the people in the castle collapse one after the other, blood trickling out from every orifice of their faces...

MDR: Yes, it is Death! Death is upon us! Nobody shall be spared! Hahaha!

MDR finally gives into her urge to laugh as she guffaws at Bren for triggering the trap. She laughs so hard she blows out several candles.

Bren: ...I don't find this funny at all.

MDR: True, if we were humans instead of Dolls, we'd all have contracted the Red Death and died, thanks to you.

MDR: But I really have you to thank for – for being such a cooperative audience and lending so much to the overall immersion.

Bren: Humph, whatever you say.

TAC-50: I see... So you used a drone and a dye pack? That is an ingenious way of creating that immersive effect.

MDR: Sheesh! It's taboo to expose a magician's tricks! Even if you have it figured out, you shouldn't have ruined it so quickly!

MDR: More importantly, what do you think, S.A.T.8? I put a lot of effort into preparing for this, I'd love to hear some feedback from the organizer!

S.A.T.8: Hold on, I-I'm still calibrating... My neural cloud is a little...

S.A.T.8: It...it's Bren's turn next, isn't it? Please get ready...

Looking incredibly pale, S.A.T.8 gasps for air as she stares frightfully at the "phantom" fabric covered in red powder lying on the floor.

MDR: Hehehe...

MDR: (Just seeing the cute and cheerful S.A.T.8 looking so freaked out makes this a big success.)

MDR: (Not to mention that the whole thing was recorded by the drone. With a little editing, I can upload it onto Grifchan.)

MDR: (I doubt boring old Bren will have any fun story to tell. Then I should make use of the time to process the recording and make a new post on Grifchan...)

S.A.T.8: MDR, I know exactly what you're planning.

S.A.T.8: You'd better not upload anything that happened today onto Grifchan!

MDR: Aw, c'mon! You were so funny, S.A.T.8!

MDR: Trust me, it would become the hottest thread of the day!

Bren: I suggest you don't do this.

Bren: If the Commander finds out about this, you probably won't have the chance to spam the forum for the rest of the week.

S.A.T.8: Th-that's right!

S.A.T.8: Besides, we'd make trouble for Miss Kalina, who arranged this secret venue for us!

MDR: Tsk, but it's such a shame not being able to share this on Grifchan...

MDR: I've prepared so long for this day.

MDR snaps her phone shut.

MDR: Humph...

MDR: (Fine, it won't be a live stream, but the drone will still record everything for me.)

MDR: (As for that bossy Commander...I already have a similarly equipped phantom trap drone waiting in ambush just outside the Commander's bedroom.)

MDR: (The Commander will spring the Red Death ghost trap just by opening the door, then I'll get the complete footage of the Commander's stupid face! Muahaha, Happy Halloween!)

But a flash of dazzling light overwhelms MDR's vision all of a sudden. She only recovers from the shock after a few seconds.

MDR: Huh? What was that? Has a fuse tripped? Or has the light tube blown?

MDR: ...Hmm? Where is everybody?

The little cubicle filled with Dolls dressed for Halloween trading ghost stories just a minute ago is now completely empty save for herself...

MDR: What's going on? Did everyone just decide to stand me up all of a sudden? Is this some kind of new flash mob practical joke?

MDR: Hold on... Let me think this through...

MDR: Hmm? Wait a minute, I'm a freaking idiot. The drone has been recording everything! Summon the witness!

MDR smacks herself on the forehead as she figures out the simplest way to learn about the truth.

The video playback from the drone shows something that manages to leave even the seasoned netizen gaping in disbelief.

MDR: Replay at 1/8 speed.

MDR: Replay at 1/16 speed.

MDR: Replay frame by frame!

MDR: This looks like...some sort of flickering?

MDR: You guys... What's with this drop in frame rate? Huhhhh? Gone?!

MDR: ...? What the hell? How's that possible? Everyone vanished into thin air just like that?

MDR: Is this some kind of time-traveling story? Then why am I not a part of it? Don't tell me it's because my case of 8th-Grade Syndrome isn't serious enough?!

MDR: Okay, this is unbelievable, but I should base my theory on facts...

MDR: But if I ask about this on Grifchan...people will probably think I'm trolling.

MDR: Oh well, just thinking about stupid stuff isn't gonna solve anything. I should head to the command center first.

MDR: At least I'll be able to monitor the power and systems of the base from there. If they really got sucked into the electric cables, I might be able to find a way to get them back.

...At the Griffin command center.

MDR: Phew, nobody here...

MDR: That's good, I don't have to waste my breath trying to explain this to the Commander.

MDR: Hold on, if I end up getting sucked in like the rest of them, won't it be game over?

MDR: Oh, right! I can start a live stream! If I get sucked in in the middle of that, someone is bound to notice.

MDR: In that case... "Halloween Special! Live at the scene of the mysterious Griffin Doll disappearances!" Thread opened!

MDR: Now as everyone in the audience can see, the brave and resourceful yours truly has made it to the command center, ready to re-establish contact with my lost friends.

MDR: Huh? Come again? MDR has no friends, so this must be some kind of RP inside my head?

MDR: Damn, I didn't ask for this kind of roasting. When this is all over, I'm gonna find you and tear you to pieces!

After turning on the main power, the lights on the walls and the control panels all come to life.

MDR plugs her phone into the computer mainframe and starts searching for the missing Dolls' signals within the storage drives of the base.

MDR: Electronic Warfare Simulation Training Room...not that.

MDR: Underground Arcade...not that either.

MDR: Main Server Room...activated ten minutes ago?

MDR: Bingo!

MDR: Identify signal... Oh, it's TAC-50!

MDR: Hey, do you hear me~?

TAC-50: ...Is that...MDR?

MDR: I got a reply! Can't believe this is working! Maybe I'm actually a genius!

TAC-50: Where are you? Are you also trapped?

MDR: Nope, I'm completely free and well.

MDR: I think everyone, except for me, got transported to cyberspace where you get to be heroines. Honestly, I'm jealous.

MDR: As for how even your bodies were gone – that's totally a supernatural phenomenon.

TAC-50: What? You've got to be kidding me! Hurry up and put us back!

MDR: ...What if I say no?

TAC-50: Huh?

MDR: Humph, to tell you the truth, this has been my plan all along – sending people that rub me the wrong way to a different world...

MDR: If the plot develops this way, what do you think? Is it frightening?

TAC-50: ...You jerk! People could actually be in danger!

TAC-50: This is no time to fool around! What's wrong with you?!

MDR: Hey, it's Halloween – Trick or Treat.

MDR: As the only one spared by this..."displacement", I gotta keep a cool head, you know. Or would you rather I start whining and screeching like you?

TAC-50: Well...

MDR: Just calm down and stay where you are. We'll keep in touch.

MDR: I need to locate the others' signals first.

TAC-50: Alright, you're the only one who can sort this out... Please find the others.

...Beep.

MDR: Great, there's a good chance the rest of them are safe as well.

MDR: So long as they're still within the computer system, even just as data fragments, I can probably still integrate them with their neural cloud backup copies and re-install them into new bodies...

Suddenly, the light tubes above her head flicker twice.

MDR: Huh?

Then with a snap, everything goes dark.

MDR: No way, another tripped fuse?! This is bad, is their data stored on the hard disk or the cache?

MDR: If the power doesn't come back soon, there's gonna be big trouble... Backup power supply... Where's the backup...?

MDR: Guys on Grifchan! People watching the stream, a little help?! Can't you at least give me a hint about where the backup power supply is? It's a matter of life and death here!

Comment Section: There's a switch under the left drawer of the desk.

Following the instruction given by her follower in the comments, MDR soon finds the switch and flicks it.

The moment she flicks the switch, she feels a heavy impact on the back of her head, then she crashes nose-first right onto the cold, hard floor.

MDR: Ugh. Ow, that hurt... What was that, some kind of prank...?

MDR: Is...is the power back...? Why is the command center still so dark?

As MDR lifts her head, she sees something utterly beyond her imagination...

In front of her stands a cloaked pumpkin monster wielding a rifle with a bayonet. It does not look friendly.

???: ...

MDR: Eeeeeeep!!!

MDR: S-s-s-s-stay away! Back off! I said, back off!

???: ...

MDR ducks underneath the desk shakily, but the pumpkin monster bends down and peers at the cowering MDR.

MDR: Uh...um...I-I'm a carnivore, 100%!

MDR: I-I haven't killed a single pumpkin ever since I came out of the factory...I think...

???: Is that you, MDR?

MDR: Y-y-you're mistaken! I don't know you, and you don't know me.

Fr FAMAS: I'm Fr FAMAS! MDR, snap out of it!

MDR: Huh...?

MDR: ...Is that really you, Fr FAMAS?

MDR crawls out from under the desk and studies Fr FAMAS from head to toe several times.

MDR: ...You've always dressed like a rebel, but I totally didn't expect you to go so hardcore for Halloween.

Fr FAMAS: I don't know when...I think I've been wearing this ever since I came back from cyberspace.

MDR: ...Cyberspace? Hmm, hold on, even you got sucked in?

MDR: Were you at the ghost story party as well?

MDR: Wait a minute...

MDR: Don't tell me...

MDR: I'm...also in cyberspace??

TAC-50: Can you hear me, MDR?! We all made it back safely!

TAC-50: Hmm? Where's MDR?? Has she left?

MDR: Huh? Hold on...

TAC-50: Whatever, at least everyone is fine.

TAC-50: Right then, let's all go and get our neural cloud checked.

MDR: W-wait! TAC-50? TAC-50! Fr FAMAS and I are still in here, help!

...

MDR: How...

TAC-50: Let's just get out of here.

MDR: How did this happen...? In the end, I'm the one who...

TAC-50: ...If the plot develops this way, what do you think? Is it frightening?

MDR: What?

TAC-50: Actually, we did some investigation after we got back to the real world and realized that even you were trapped in cyberspace.

TAC-50: Fr FAMAS is there just to fetch you. It's our way of showing a little gratitude since you inadvertently helped us by giving us an opening to leave.

TAC-50: It's Halloween – Trick or Treat.

MDR: ...

MDR: Tsk...

MDR: So, Fr FAMAS... You've known about this all along?

Fr FAMAS: S-sorry...

MDR: Then why are you wearing something so scary?!

Fr FAMAS: I just wanted to try being a different me...

MDR: What even...? What happened to you in cyberspace?

Fr FAMAS: It doesn't matter. Now, should we get out of here?

MDR: Sigh~ Fine, though it's missing some sense of closure calling it just like that.

MDR: Still, this "Halloween Special! Live at the scene of the mysterious Griffin Doll disappearances!" has been a great success.

TAC-50: Huh? What did you just say?

MDR: N-nothing!

With that, the little commotion on Halloween night comes to an end...

...Or so it should have.

Just after midnight, on a bed in the Griffin dorms...under the blanket.

MDR: Aaaaargh!! What is this?! What the hell is this?! What the flipping hell is this?!!!

Trending—

1. "Best Halloween Shot Public Vote! Congratulations to the clip 'MDR begging to be spared' for getting the most votes!"

2. "Halloween Special! Live at the scene of the mysterious Griffin Doll disappearances!"

MDR: How is that footage so clear?! It was even shot in 4K! I didn't see any cameras from that angle!

Private Message: Don't you know? The cyberspace that you got trapped in contained a program for generating video recordings.

MDR: Why is that even a thing?! What's it for?!

MDR: Dammit! I can't believe I lost this information war...

MDR: Still, you have no right to do that! You captured that humiliating moment and even stole my No.1 Trending Thread!

Private Message: This is payback for the special gift you left me at my bedroom door.

MDR: B-but I didn't stream that!

MDR: I was just planning to edit it a little and release the video along with S.A.T.8's...

Private Message: Oho, too bad.

Private Message: The network hasn't been very stable lately so I'm thinking about turning off the wifi at the base for a week to perform some maintenance. What do you think about that?

MDR: Please, anything but that... I'll die without the internet!

Private Message: Then let's have a deal.

Private Message: "From now on, I will not go overboard with my pranks or my jokes. I am so sorry."

Private Message: Read out this line and send me the audio recording. Do that, and I'll delete the post in 24 hours.

MDR: Uh...that's a hard promise to make...

MDR: Can't you give me some wriggle room? What if I send you some bikini selfies? Hmm? I've got quite a nice figure, you know?

Private Message: I think there's a need to install some wifi signal jammers on the base to prevent unnecessary network usage...

MDR: Ugh... From now on, I will not go overboard with my pranks or my jokes. I am so sorry.

MDR: ...Ughhhhhhh... Send.

Private Message: Here's an additional condition – delete the videos of S.A.T.8 and me.

Private Message: If you don't do that, I'll upload the audio recording you just sent me.

Aghhhhhh! ...Humans are so damn evil...!

The way I see it, one should never go overboard, whether in the virtual world or in reality.