...Outside the furniture expo.

M1895 CB: I'm really sorry about this, MG34...

MG34: Why are you apologizing? This wasn't your fault.

MG34: Besides, advertising a furniture exhibition is a pretty simple task; I could have handled it on my own in the first place.

MG34: Just focus on filming the ad for KXD.

M1895 CB: Okay... If there's anything I can help you with...

M1895 CB: Make sure you let me know...

The transmission ends.

MG42: Will you really be alright, 34?

MG42: Before you set out, your mission was just to purchase clothing for the New Year...

MG42: But now the mission is completely different and someone's gone and borrowed your only squadmate too...

MG34: A T-Doll is expected to be able to adjust her strategies according to changes in the mission.

MG34: Besides, promoting a furniture expo and drawing in crowds should be a pretty straightforward mission, right?

MG34: I'm sure I can handle it perfectly well even on my own.

MG42: Well, I've never gotten any sales missions before, so I'm not too certain.

MG42: I'm just worried your new assignment is going to give you a hard time, 34...

MG42: But if you say you'll be fine, then I have every faith in you!

MG34: Yep, trust me.

MG34: Wait for my good news.

MG42: Kay~ Then I'd better work hard and finish up my maintenance duties!

The transmission ends.

MG34: Now then, I ought to get changed and commence my mission...

...On a busy street.

MG34: Come to think of it, this is the first mission where I'll be interacting with humans on my own...

MG34: Still...it shouldn't be too different from talking to anyone else, right? After all, I'm just promoting a furniture expo...

MG34: As long as I avoid conflicts and finish the job, it should be fine.

MG34: Now, as for my strategy... For us Dolls, furniture mainly serves as fixtures and tools that improve our daily joy and comfort.

MG34: For humans...

Kalina: This furniture was just imported by Griffin! It's both high-quality and economical.

Kalina: It won't cost you 99999 gems, or 9999 gems, but only 998 gems for the first week!

Kalina: For a mere 998 gems, you can take all these pieces of furniture home!

Kalina: Good heavens, who chewed up my 29998-gem storage shelf like this?!

Kalina: Was it you? Or was it YOU?!

Kalina: This table is made of pure teak. It's both safe and sturdy! Just look at the gleam on its surface and smell the faint fragrance of the wood...

Kalina: You'd expect nothing less from a piece of furniture that once fetched astounding prices at an auction, a true national treasure...

MG34: I see, so I need to emphasize the price tag and attract humans by highlighting the value of the furniture.

MG34: Alright, I've decided my advertising strategy. Granted, I haven't exactly fleshed out the angle I'll use, but it's a step in the right direction!

MG34: Onward to the objective!

MG34 straightens up and squeezes her way into the bustling crowd.

MG34: Well, this is a busy city center for you, both the density of the crowds and the high flow of traffic make it ideal for advertising.

MG34: There are lots of other salespeople walking through the crowd and advertising their wares, but surely a fixed position would be more effective, right?

MG34: Good thing Miss Kalina helped me book an promotional stall ahead of time...

MG34 follows the flow of the crowd and soon discovers several promotional stalls lined up in a row, with several young human women passionately trying to sell the crowd on their wares.

Salesperson A: Hello, have you ever smelled fresh roses blended with dried marine soil and just a hint of aloe vera extract?

Salesperson A: You haven't, right? Then why not try our company's latest perfume...

Salesperson B: How long has it been since you last wrote something by hand?

Salesperson B: The increasing pace of life has led to us relying on electronic touch-typing. Have you considered...

Salesperson C: Madam, do you believe in destiny...

MG34: ...Wow, is the competition so fierce? It seems that advertising might not be so easy even at a prime spot like this.

MG34: But I need to find a way to overcome this difficulty. Everyone's counting on me to draw customers to the furniture expo, and MG42's waiting for me too...

MG34: Sorry, excuse me, this stall is mine.

Amidst a sea of hostile and competitive glares, MG34 begins setting up her stall.

Salesperson A: Hey, what are you selling?

MG34: A human is initiating a conversation with me! I should respond in a polite and friendly manner...

MG34: Hi, I'm promoting a furniture expo. We're selling high-end custom-made furniture left over from before WWIII...

Salesperson B: Oh, so you actually came all the way here to sell high-end furniture?

MG34: They aren't luxury items; all the furniture is on sale for perfectly reasonable prices...

Salesperson A: Reasonable prices? What's your definition of a reasonable price, then?

Salesperson A: To penniless paupers, even 10 dollars is a luxury.

Salesperson A: And to wealthy people, perhaps even a million wouldn't be a big deal.

MG34: Well... I...

Salesperson C: Honestly, why do you all like bullying newbies so much?

Salesperson C: We're all selling different products, it's not like we're competing with each other or anything.

MG34: Whew...she saved me...

Salesperson B: All you know how to do is appease others and sit on the fence. Don't forget that there are only so many people that the stalls here can attract.

Salesperson B: Every additional person here lowers the chances that we can successfully make a sale.

Salesperson B: We might be advertising completely different things, but the fact is that we're still competing with each other!

Salesperson A: Precisely. That's how it is.

Salesperson A: So let's stop wasting time on idle banter and do our jobs.

MG34: Ah...in that case, would it be better if we worked together?

Salesperson C: They've only just calmed down, don't go riling them up again.

Salesperson C: Just advertise your furniture exhibition.

MG34: Alright...thank you, ma'am...

Salesperson C: Haha, no need to be so formal, just call me Fortitude.

MG34: Four...forty-two?

Fortitude: Yes, and what's your name?

MG34: I'm Thirty-four...

Fortitude: Dufort? Our names could practically make us twins!

Fortitude: Those two annoying girls over there are Heine and Rishi.

Hein: Don't go around telling my name to suspicious people.

Rishi: Exactly.

Fortitude: Fine fine fine, let's get to work.

MG34: Okay!

MG34: I'm not going to give up either...

MG34 hasn't had much experience interacting with humans before, but now she is working alongside three human girls. As she watches the humans hard at work, a strange sense of camaraderie arises in her neural cloud.

MG34: Humans and Dolls are very different, both in internal structure and their ways of life...

MG34: But why am I getting the impression that I'm on a mission with my friends?

MG34: Ugh, I'd better stop letting my imagination run wild... The most important thing is to complete my assignment!

MG34: Greetings, we're holding a furniture expo at the convention center, they're all high-end pre-war bespoke pieces!

MG34: Their quality is excellent, their workmanship is impeccable, and they once went at a high price but now they're going for a song!

MG34: Hello, we're currently selling high-end custom-made furniture at the convention center at extremely affordable prices!

MG34: Each item is one of a kind, they're a steal!

MG34: Hi, have you thought about buying furniture recently...

Passerby A: What furniture show?

Passerby B: Pre-war high-end custom-made furniture!

Passerby C: That qipao looks so exquisite...

Hein: Hey hey hey, she's drawing all the passers-by over to herself!

Rishi: That's too much! Does she think she can have her way around here just because she's skimpily dressed?!

Fortitude: What a headache...

At some point, the passersby have all gathered around MG34.

MG34: Hi! There's no need to push!

MG34: Please scan this QR code for more information on the furniture expo.

MG34: Also, I'm not for sale...

Heine and Rishi force their way into the throng surrounding MG34, trying to take back part of the crowd's attention.

Hein: How could a boring old furniture show be more interesting than perfume?!

Hein: It's elegantly pre-scented with roses and accented with seaside—

Passerby D: Don't spray your perfume in people's faces!

Rishi: Are you tired of living your life in all this hustle and bustle? Have you ever wanted to return to the relaxed pace of the bygone days

Rishi: Why not start by writing a letter by hand?

Passerby E: Hey, hey, hey! The tip of your pen is just 3 centimeters away from my eyeball!!!

MG34: What's going on? Are they trying to pull away the customers I've attracted?

MG34: I can't let that happen! Even if they're humans, I won't let them get their way...

MG34: That's right, I need to attract them with figures...

MG34: In order to show our sincerity, our exposition has prepared generous discount coupons for you!

MG34: Supplies are limited, first come, first served!

Passerby A: Discount coupons!!! Here I come!!!

Passerby B: Back off! I'll fight you if I have to!

Hein: Tsk... We're giving away free samples of perfume!!!

Passerby C: Please give me one!

Passerby D: Give me one and I'll forgive you for spraying it into my face!

Rishi: Why you...

Rishi: Dammit, time for me to play my trump card! Now taking names for free letter writing!

Rishi: There's no limit on content or word count

Passerby A: ...What day is it today?

Passerby B: Out of my way! I'm going to put my name on that list!

MG34: I won't lose!

MG34: C-coupons that will give you a half-price discount at the furniture expo—

Hein: Now giving away free lucky draws for full-sized perfume!

Rishi: ...Sign up with our letter-writing service and get free New Year cards!

Pedestrians: Wow—

The surrounding crowd begins to surge, and what had been a calm stream suddenly erupts into a massive tsunami.

MG34: D-don't push!

MG34: Aaaahhh—

MG34 is drawn into the whirlpool of pedestrians and is squeezed from all sides. She feels as if she's going to suffocate.

MG34: ...Did I go too far with my sales tactics? Did they backfire on me?

MG34: Is the mission going to fail...?

MG34: MG42...

MG34: If I go back to the base like this, how will I ever face you...

MG34 shakes her head, trying to keep herself from being stepped on as she forces her way out of the crowd.

A slender yet strong hand grabs her and draws her out of the massive vortex.

MG34: (Pants)

MG34: Forty-two, is that you? Thank you...

Fortitude: You're welcome.

As they notice the commotion, the roaming salespeople without fixed stalls immediately go on the offensive, dividing up the excited crowd among themselves.

Utterly fatigued, MG34 can't spare the effort to worry about them. Instead, she notices Heine and Rishi. They look completely disheveled as they lie sprawled in the ruins of their stalls.

MG34: ...

Hein: Dammit, all the customers we gathered were taken away by those stall-less bastards...

Rishi: So much for today's quota...

MG34: Why...why can't we work together and make it a win-win situation for all of us?

MG34: Must we all return in undignified defeat?

Hein: You were the one who started stealing all our customers!

Hein: Also, how did you attract so many of them so easily?

Hein: Your pitch wasn't convincing at all...

MG34: I just worked hard like you did! It's what I deserved!

Rishi: I only realized now that I'm looking at you from up close, but there aren't any pores on your skin. That doesn't look natural at all.

Rishi: Your features are all symmetrical, like a mannequin's...

MG34: ...

Hein: Don't tell me...

Hein: You're not human, but a Doll?

MG34: What difference does it make if I'm not human? I worked hard all the same.

MG34: Does being a Doll mean I don't deserve the fruits of my labor?

Rishi: ...

Hein: Dolls aren't welcome here. If you're a Doll, you'd better get the hell out.

MG34: I...

Fortitude: Honestly, you lot. You went around messing up her stall, and now you've scared her speechless.

Fortitude: So what if she's a Doll or a human? Aren't we all here to do our jobs and make sales?

Fortitude: Besides, she got that stall legally, you can check her paperwork if you don't believe her.

Fortitude: Come, Dufort, give me a hand. We'll go fix up our stalls.

MG34: Okay...

Fortitude: Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you.

MG34: Thank you, you saved me again...

Fortitude: Don't mention it. I suppose I have a soft spot for you because your name reminds me of my elder sister.

MG34: Your name also sounds a lot like my little sister's...

Fortitude: ...Do Dolls also have siblings?

Fortitude: What's your little sister like?

MG34: She's clingy and acts spoiled all the time...

Fortitude: Hahaha, that's what my sister always says about me.

Fortitude: We're clearly so different, yet so similar as well...

Hein: ...

Hein: (coughs) Ahem, uh, your stall's back up again.

Hein: Sorry for being so rude to you...

Rishi: Um...sorry... I let my feelings get the better of me...

Rishi: I mean, we're all just desperate to hit our quotas. You're in sales, so you know how it is, right?

MG34: ...

JS9: I'll let you handle the reception team.

MG42: ...But if 34 says she's fine, then she'll definitely be fine!

Fortitude: We're clearly so different, yet we're also so similar...

MG34: Although malicious competition initiated by humans has greatly reduced my work efficiency...

MG34: Humans and Dolls have a lot more in common than I expected...

MG34: I understand now - we're all doing this to finish our jobs so that we don't let our friends down...

MG34: In that case, let's work together.

Hein: Huh?

Rishi: What?

MG34: I've always worked in a team where each of us has our own role.

MG34: We can combine parts of our products to create a brand new one, and attract the customers in a coordinated fashion.

MG34: It would be like combining the power of all four of us.

MG34: That way, we'll stand out more than the wandering salespeople, and if anyone comes to our stall, they'll see information about all our products at once. At that point, they can make their choice depending on what interests them.

Hein: That sounds like it could work...

Rishi: Shall we give it a try, then?

Rishi: After all, the afternoon peak hours are almost over...

Fortitude: Let's do it!

With all of them working together, the four narrow advertising stalls are rearranged into a brand new stall.

The air is filled with the faint scent of fragrance, the tables are filled with neat rows of stationery and tarot cards, and with the chairs which MG34 has brought over, customers can sit for a free tarot reading or wait comfortably while a postcard is being written for them by hand.

Hein: Hi, if you can spare the time, you can try our sample for free, and if you like our perfume...

Rishi: Welcome to our stall. You can get a free tarot reading or a hand-written postcard...

MG34, who's walking among the pedestrians, looks back to check on them, not unlike the way she always reflexively makes sure her teammates are safe on the battlefield.

MG34: They're all on fire! They might be human, but they're like my squadmates...

MG34: Then I'll have to do my best too!

MG34: Hello, are you interested in taking part in our—

Her communicator comes to life.

JS9: The reception team's mission is complete, you can now return to the venue.

MG34: ...Alright, I'm on my way.

After hanging up, MG34 looks over to the busy stall. The three human girls have their hands full with the incoming customers. At the very least, they won't have to worry about the day's quota.

MG34 waves to them from a distance.

Fortitude seems to sense something and looks up—

But there's nobody beyond the crowds.