You have a new comms request.

Gr MG36: So you're saying we need to sell furniture to generate income?

JS9: Yes, can I leave sales to you?

Gr MG36: I believe I would be better off handling logistics. However...I make it a point to complete whatever assignment I receive.

Gr MG36: So I'll do my best.

JS9: I'm counting on you then.

Transmission terminated.

Gr MG36: Now then... I need to arrange these items in the display area.

Gr MG36: Just putting them in doesn't pose much of a challenge.

10 minutes later.

Passerby: Look, the display over there are open! Shall we go take a look? Who knows, it might end up being as stunning as "Miss Ginkgo Leaf"!

Passerby 2: What's with this expo anyway, why are they letting people in while they're still setting up?

Passerby 2: Well, let's go take a look.

Gr MG36: Welcome.

Passerby 2: ...

Gr MG36: Can I help you?

Passerby: Uh... Why is the table on the bed?

Gr MG36: It is the dashboard for our voyage. When we awaken from our hibernation, it helps us get our bearings and swiftly take control of the situation.

Passerby: A...dashboard?

Passerby: Then where are the dials and displays?

Gr MG36: Inside your user manual.

Passerby 2: This booth is utterly ridiculous, why are all these perfectly good pieces of furniture scattered around like a junkyard sale... Ow!

Passerby 2: What...what's this lantern doing on the floor?!

Gr MG36: Are you talking about the smart trash can?

Passerby 2: Huh? Smart trash can? Is there even such a thing?

Gr MG36: Yes, they glow dimly in the dark to ensure you don't misplace your garbage.

Gr MG36: In addition, their cloud patterns ease the guilt you feel when wasting food.

Passerby 2: ...What the hell is this wacky logic? It actually kind of makes sense, but who would make trash out out of paper-mâché?

Gr MG36: Its replaceability is one of its selling points. You can discard anything you don't need inside it, be they bad feelings or disgusting food.

Gr MG36: Then all you need to do is take hold of this...

Passerby: That's the switch for the electric lantern... What are you going to do?

Gr MG36: (Clicks)

Gr MG36: And just like that, the trash can engages its complete incineration protocols, burning everything you've thrown away into nothingness.

Passerby: Er...but if it burns everything away, doesn't that mean there's no way to retrieve the items inside?

Gr MG36: Yes, which is why you should think carefully before throwing trash away.

Passerby 2: That kind of makes sense... Are all pieces of replica furniture so well-made?

Passerby 2: Wait a minute, this is just a lantern!

Gr MG36: It's a smart trash can.

Passerby 2: It can't be, you're just messing with your customers!

Gr MG36: All things exist for a reason.

Passerby 2: But where's the practicality? It's useless if you overstuff it and it breaks, right?

Gr MG36: Nothing in this world is unbreakable, just as all life must someday end.

Passerby: That... Well, it sounds pretty profound, but aren't you just making excuses for its quality?

Gr MG36: This furniture is covered by a guarantee, as long as it's used correctly...

As Gr MG36 continues stating her case to the customers, more and more people start to gather around.

JS9: Apologies, everyone! This booth needs to be rearranged, so please take a look at our other booths in the meantime!

Passersby: Aw, but I want to hear more...

The people scatter in dejection.

Gr MG36: ...JS9. Why are you in such a hurry?

JS9: Didn't you realize how many people were here?

JS9: Just squeezing in took me a lot of effort.

Gr MG36: Sorry about that. So what needs to be fixed?

JS9: Do you really not know the functions of all this furniture?

Gr MG36: I found suitable uses for them.

JS9: Yeah, I heard... Arghhhhhh, I don't even know where you went wrong!

JS9: Things are meant to be put to use, and you can technically use them however you want.

JS9: But products are all manufactured to serve an initial purpose.

Gr MG36: Toothpaste doesn't actually sanitize human teeth, but it can be used for many other things.

JS9: That's an exception.

JS9: Look, how much force can this lantern take if you use it as a trash can?

Gr MG36: It would break easily, so maybe we should use this ceramic item instead?

Gr MG36: Would it make a good trash can?

JS9: That's a flower vase.

Gr MG36: Can't it be used to hold other things?

JS9: Its capacity is too small. It was made to hold flowers.

Gr MG36: Got it.

JS9: Hm... Alright, let's lay it out like this.

JS9: What do you think?

Gr MG36: It definitely looks more orderly than just now...like something you'd see in everyday life.

JS9: Good.

JS9: I gotta go, so do your best!

Gr MG36: See you later.

Gr MG36: ...Furniture was made for use in everyday life, and I was made to be used.

Gr MG36: So am I a piece of furniture too?

Passing Child: Get it!

??: Squeeeeak!

Passing Child: (Pants) Don't let it get away! That's one fat rat!

??: Squeak—!

Gr MG36: Squeak squeak...beep beep...The square root of 10 is 3.162277660168379... The natural logarithm of 10 is 0.434294481903252... No, I mean, in base 10, the logarithm of e is...

??: Squeak?

Gr MG36: ...A hamster.

Gr MG36 looks down and a hamster looks back up at her. As she bends down, the hamster immediately breaks into a sprint...

Gr MG36: Wait a minute, we're not open...

Gr MG36: Ah, looks like it's fainted.

Passing Child: Uh, excuse me, miss!

Gr MG36: Hello, can I help you?

Passing Child: Did you see a big rat just now?

Gr MG36: A big rat?

Passing Child: Yeah, it was super fat!

Passing Child: I wonder how many rockets I'd need to send it into the sky. We were just about to find out when it ran off from the launch platform!！

Gr MG36: I haven't seen any rats that are "super fat" around.

Gr MG36: Why are you conducting these experiments?

Passing Child: Just for fun.

Passerby: There you are... I've been searching for you all day, Mom and Dad are worried.

Passing Child: Oh, big sis!

Passerby: Let's go. Dad says his legs are killing him.

Passing Child: Ah well... It can't be helped, then. Let's go!

Gr MG36: Have a good trip.

After sending away the customers, Gr MG36 moves her foot aside. The hamster that passed out just now is trembling as it hugs her heel.

Gr MG36: There there, you're not fat or anything.

Hamster: Squeak...

Passerby 2: Oh, it's opened again!

Passerby 2: How much is this lantern?

Gr MG36: ...We have customers. Take these cookies and wait here until I come back.

Hamster: Squeak?

Gr MG36: Welcome, would you like this lantern? Is there anything else you'd like?

Passerby 2: Weren't you calling it a smart trash can?

Gr MG36: Lanterns and trash cans are just names.

Gr MG36: No matter what you call it, it won't keep you from using it as you see fit.

Passerby 2: You've got a silver tongue on you. I'm actually more interested in you than the furniture.

Gr MG36: Sorry, but I'm not for sale. Would you like anything else besides the lantern?

Passerby 2: That'll do. Oh, and that "dashboard" from just now.

Passerby 2: What is this "dashboard" called now?

Gr MG36: It is the Eight Immortals Virtual Dashboard Table.

Passerby 2: And what does a virtual dashboard have to do with an Eight Immortals Table?

Gr MG36: When people are unable to control their destiny, they imagine beings who can influence the way things unfold and call them gods.

Gr MG36: When the table is unable to control its own fate, we then become its gods.

Passerby 2: But why Eight Immortals?

Gr MG36: Seven people have stopped by to ask its price. You are the eighth, which means this virtual dashboard now belongs to you.

Passerby 2: Haha, I like you. I'll take these two items, then.

Gr MG36: Thank you for shopping with us.

Passerby 2: Won't you consider changing jobs? With your gift of the gab, you could do well in sales.

Gr MG36: ...If I had a chance to change jobs, I would.

Gr MG36: Please support the movie that I may or may not film one day.

After sending off the first customer, people start pouring nonstop into the booth. The furniture is soon sold out.

Gr MG36 sees that her work is almost done and bends down to check on the hamster.

Gr MG36: Are you alright?

Hamster: Squeak!

Gr MG36: Wonderful, you seem to have recovered.

Gr MG36: Now be good and stay here. Once I'm done, I'll play with...

Passerby: Ah, I almost forgot I was supposed to buy something... And you're still here!

Gr MG36: Indeed I am. May I know what you would like?

Passerby: How much is this vase? I want it.

Gr MG36: Alright, anything else?

Passerby: Those paper window shades look good, I'm taking them too.

Gr MG36: Very well.

Gr MG36: Is that all?

Passerby: Yes, thank you. Oh right, my little brother asked me to pass on a message.

Passerby: "You're really pretty, miss."

Gr MG36: Thank you.

...After the furniture expo is over.

Commander: Gr MG36? Are you there?

Commander: Everyone's gathering up.

Gr MG36's Voice: The rope contains optical fibers. And the spacesuit's communicator is working normally.

Commander: Who's she talking to... Optical fibers? Communicator?

Commander: I'd better go check things out.

Gr MG36's Voice: Don't worry, Hal.

Gr MG36's Voice: The best place we can hope for is that geyser under the caldera of Mini Mt. Etna, but it has dried up for nearly a thousand years.

Gr MG36's Voice: ...If we can't find the cave entrance, you are not to proceed any further within. If we lose contact with the Commander, you are not to explore any further without my orders.

Commander: Losing contact with me?

Commander: Gr MG36 doesn't have a command module, and this doesn't sound quite like her voice. I need to check it out!

Commander: Gr MG36? Are you in there?

Gr MG36: ...Commander?

Commander: There's nobody else in here?

Gr MG36: That's right, the only ones here are myself and HAL 9002.

Commander: HAL 9002...

Gr MG36: Yes, Hal for short.

Gr MG36: Here he is.

Gr MG36 holds up a hamster.

Commander: Er... That's a nice name.

Gr MG36: He is a talented performer, and I think he could act beside me in the movie I'm preparing for. We would shine on the silver screen.

Commander: Are you planning to shoot a movie?

Gr MG36: It was just an idea... About a dream that humanity had a long time ago, and the re-emergence of that dream a long time after.

Gr MG36: If I simply carry out my orders, then I am no different from a lantern.

Commander: Lantern? You mean like the one printed on the poster behind you?

Gr MG36: No, that's a smart trash can.

Commander: ...Huh?

Gr MG36: Do you have more work for me?

Commander: Not going to explain yourself?

Gr MG36: I never reveal spoilers to the audience, especially when the outline isn't finished yet.

Gr MG36: All in all... Please look forward to it.

HAL 9002: Squeak!

What kind of idea has this expo given Gr MG36, and what kind of movie is she going to make?

As a prospective member of her audience, I have no idea.

However, it'll probably be a good one.

With that thought in mind, I move on to the next display booth.