...At the entrance to the Doll dorms.

MG3: Oh my, what's this interesting thing I see?

MG3 carefully studies the poster on the wall.

MG3: "In two days' time, Griffin will be holding a test of courage. Interested Dolls can scan the QR code on the bottom of the poster to register..."

MG3: While I'm kind of interested, I need to put exercise first.

Click.

The QR code scanner makes a noise, but MG3 realizes that she didn't scan anything...

Type 97S: "The system is unable to process the request due to too many applicants?"

Type 97S: I came over to take a look because I thought there might be a problem, but I didn't expect that Murphy's Law would be in full effect.

Type 97S: Looks like Class Rep's art skills are pretty good, but we'll need to boost that processing power.

MG3: Is this the test of courage that you're organizing, Hawk? Looks like a lot of people are taking part.

Type 97S: Of course. It's not like we have much chance to play around on most days.

Type 97S: How about it, are you interested? Since I'm here, you don't need to scan to sign up.

MG3: Forget about it, I haven't finished my goal of running 10km today.

MG3: I won't be able to cut down my weight if I miss even a day of exercise.

Type 97S: Cut? Cut down where? Your body looks good enough as it is.

MG3: Here.

MG3 points to her chest.

Type 97S: Aw, you want to cut those down?

Type 97S: I'm green with envy over here.

MG3: You utter moron! How are these things good? It's not as though we're humans.

MG3: The most important things for Dolls are their mission and their orders!

Type 97S: And food!

Type 97S: Hehe, I'm sure 56-1 and the others would say that if they were here.

MG3: (Sighs) I envy your neural cloud and its lack of defects, Hawk...

Type 97S: As if. Things don't always go the way we want in life.

Type 97S: It's the same for me.

MG3: Really? Since we're man-made objects, we don't need to uphold human concepts, do we?

Type 97S: Hehe, perhaps the answer to that question is something we have to find for ourselves.

Type 97S: Well? Want to give the test of courage a try?

MG3: And that was how Hawk tricked me into participating in the test of courage.

MG3: Why "tricked"? That's because—

MG3: The amount of contestants for the test of courage had reached maximum capacity, and I was thus forced to join the security team.

MG3: That said, it's not so bad to dress up like this from time to time.

Model L: Are you...MG3...?

MG3: Oh hey, so you're working with me, Model L.

MG3: I didn't expect you to be back so soon.

Model L is stunned by MG3's outfit...

But after exchanging a few more words, they throw themselves eagerly into their work.

MP40: Ugh... Why...is this happening?!

MG3: Hey, Model L, did you hear that?

Model L: Yes, analyzing... Target identified, it's MP40's signal.

Model L: Follow me, I know her coordinates!

One hour later, Model L and MG3 have just finished completing MP40's request...

Then they get another distress signal.

MG3: Model L, there's another Doll in trouble. This one's at the northern supply point.

Model L: I've got it too. Let's hurry.

MG3: Okay!

WA2000: Jeez, that took you a while!

MG3: Hehe, disappointed that I'm not the Commander?

WA2000: Huh?! This has nothing to do with the Commander! I'm totally not bothered that the Commander didn't show up! It-it's true!

Model L: MG3, you don't have to spell out something so obvious.

Model L: Besides, there are other people in trouble waiting for us.

WA2000: Hey!

MG3: Understood. The next one is...

Model L and MG3 run off in pursuit of the distress signal.

WA2000: Hey, what do you mean by "something so obvious"?!

IWS 2000: I'm so sorry for making you go all the way back to get my clothes...

Model L: Don't worry, it's our job.

MG3: Still, AUG really is something. She guessed exactly what we were getting for you.

MG3: Just handed the clothes to us without saying a word.

Model L: MG3...we promised Miss AUG that we wouldn't tell her that.

MG3: Oh dear, I forgot! IWS, pretend I never told you, hahaha...

IWS 2000: ...

IWS 2000: Really...she's gone and taken care of me again.

M870: Ah—! What the heck is this?!

Model L: Looks like there's another Doll in distress.

MG3: This is a pretty tough job. We don't even have time to chat.

???: Ow—! Mayday! Mayday!

MG3: I just said that...and there's someone else in trouble!

Model L: Really now... There sure are a lot of Dolls in trouble tonight.

Model L: You head over to M870's side. I'll handle the other one.

MG3: Got it. I'll send the coordinates to you.

MG3: Be careful when moving alone.

Model L nods and heads the other way.

...10 minutes later, MG3 reaches M870's position.

MG3: You have GOT to be kidding me.

M870: Hurry up and get this thing off me!

Type 97S: Then this is the only way!

Hawk raises her gun.

MG3: Hey! Calm down, you guys!

MG3: How can you point a gun at your own people?

Type 97S: Then what should I do? I still need to go get the Commander.

MG3: Right... I'm sure there'll be a way if the Commander's around!

MG3: You just wait here—

M870: Wait for what?! Don't you dorks understand what's going on?

M870: How much longer do I have to be stuck in here?!

Type 97S: Honestly...

MG3: Wait, Hawk! Give me five minutes; I'll be back right away!

...At the same time, at the starting line of the test of courage...

Commander: Well, I did make Hawk a promise, so I should take some time out to take part in the test of courage.

Commander: That's strange... Was there such a long platform at the entrance?

The Commander climbs onto the platform, then someone suddenly comes into view...

KSVK: Ah, Commander, have you only just arrived?

Commander: KSVK...?

Commander: No, you're...

KSVK?: Does it matter who I am? Today is Halloween; a surprise or two is only to be expected.

Commander: I hope you don't cause misunderstandings in the name of springing surprises.

KSVK?: Hehe, don't worry. I simply wish to take part in your antics for once.

Commander: I'm sorry, but for the sake of everyone's safety, I'll have to shut off your—

Suddenly, the Commander slips—

And falls from the long platform.

KSVK?: The platform collapsed?! ...Griffin's construction materials are just too flimsy.

KSVK?: Hey—! Griffin Commander!

KSVK?: ...Hm, it seems that must be fate. There's nothing to be done here.

Commander: —!

Commander: If I fall from this height...
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: It's not yet time to give up.
If choice 1 was picked

...

???: Commander—!

Commander: ...

Commander: I'm...still alive?

Commander: ...I can feel something soft on the back of my head.

???: Don't worry, Commander! You're fine.

???: There's a full moon tonight, so open your eyes and take a look.

The Commander's eyes open, and discovers that their head is resting on MG3's chest—

Commander: ...Excuse me!

The Commander frantically scrambles to get up.

MG3: Hehe, if I weren't around, you'd have broken something, Commander.

MG3: I didn't expect you could be so flustered.

MG3: Really?

MG3: I'm glad to hear you say that, Commander!

Commander: Ah...?

Commander: Is there something strange about what I said?

MG3: No, that's not it.

MG3: Rather, hearing you say that is really reassuring - I'm not just a tool that's only good for completing missions to you.

MG3: I understand, but...I'm a Doll...

MG3: So why am I doing things that my neural cloud hasn't processed?

MG3: I hate my shortcomings, yet I used them to save you, Commander.

MG3: And now...I'm even feeling happy about this defect of mine.

MG3: Is there something wrong with me?

Commander: Is that so...? You think of it as your "defect", and yet you're happy about it.

Commander: I think it might be the same as it is with us humans.

MG3: The same as humans?

Commander: Yeah. If mankind suddenly lost all its flaws and life went exactly the way we wanted it, with everything being perfect and successful...would we still keep striving for peace and happiness?

MG3: Wouldn't that be a good thing? At the very least, we wouldn't be living in such a messed-up age like we do now...

Commander: No, if that were to happen, the human heart would grow numb.

Commander: It would be worse than it is now.

MG3: The heart?

Commander: Yeah, the heart that feels "happiness".

Commander: Without "flaws", there would be no desires for better things in life... And when peace and happiness come, how would your be able to experience them with your heart?

Commander: We live in such tumultuous times...

Commander: So we ought to overcome our flaws in our pursuit for something better. That's why Griffin exists.

MG3: ...

MG3: But are Dolls the same?

MG3: The only thing I've ever wanted is only to have them become smaller.

Commander: You...

With a shake of the head, the Commander approaches MG3.

Commander: What would you do if you really lost that "flaw" of yours?

MG3: I'd perform better in my missions, of course.

MG3: I wouldn't have to keep fiddling with my gear because of them, and I'd be able to reach the frontlines sooner.

Commander: Yes, so what you really want...is happiness for humans.

MG3: Huh? I want humans to be happy?

Commander: You simply haven't noticed what your true thoughts are. You've always wanted to lose weight in order to better help us.

Commander: It was precisely this "flaw" of yours that made you strive for self-improvement.

Commander: ...And that's why you felt happy after saving me.

MG3: Really...?

MG3: My processor is too old, so I only understand a bit of what you're saying, Commander.

Commander: Don't worry, I'll explain ag—

MG3: You don't have to, Commander.

MG3: Really? Since we're man-made objects, we don't need to uphold human concepts, do we?

Type 97S: Hehe, perhaps the answer to that question is something we have to find for ourselves.

MG3: I'd like to find the answer myself.

Commander: I see. Then I hope you'll tell me once you find it.

MG3: Yup!

Under the star-speckled night sky, under the cool, gentle full moon that looms above them...the Commander and MG3 walk slowly through the grounds.

Are they both thinking the same thing?

MG3: ...

MG3: Ahhhh—! I forgot about M870!

MG3: Commander! Quick, follow me!

Commander: W-what's going on?!

MG3: Hawk's going to shoot M870!

Commander: WHAT?!

Under the star-speckled night sky, under the cool, gentle full moon that looms above them...MG3 drags the Commander behind her in a mad dash.

They are almost certainly thinking of the same thing now.

M870: Somebody get me out of this damn pumpkin already!