The Griffin squad proceeds with the cleanup work as planned after the police were done arresting the suspects of the attack group at the theater.

Gr MG5: This way, Commander.

Walking ahead of me, Gr MG5 uses her kukri to hack a path through the vegetation.

Commander: They really know how to inconvenience people, running so far into the wilderness like this.

Gr MG5: We Dolls can handle search operations like this by ourselves.

Gr MG5: There's no need for you to personally come down here, Commander.

Commander: It's best that I'm present since this job involves interacting with humans from other organizations.

Commander: Also...since our targets for this mission are also humans, I'd like to bear witness to the operation.

Gr MG5: I see... Human affairs are quite complicated.

Gr MG5: Please don't stray too far from me, Commander. Who knows if we'll run into any escapees from the attacker group around here.

Commander: Ugh... I haven't moved around outdoors in a while. I feel like I can't quite keep up.

Commander: In any case, you'll protect me from the attackers, right?

Gr MG5: ...But of course. However, that doesn't mean you can allow yourself to get careless, Commander.

Gr MG5: Human attackers aside, there may also be other dangerous lifeforms in this wilderness.

Commander: Ack, really? Then I'll have to stay close to you.

Commander: Now that you mention it, you do seem quite familiar with the wilderness, Gr MG5.

Commander: That outfit of yours looks like it's made for camping outdoors.

Gr MG5 is wearing a set of loose clothing and a brimmed cap. The backpack she's carrying is fully stocked with gear such as a water bottle and a folding chair and the like.

If not for the machine gun on her back, she would be the very image of an outdoors explorer.

Gr MG5: Given the circumstances, dressing like this helps in moving around.

Commander: It must have cost a lot to put this outfit together. Do you spend a lot of time outdoors?

Gr MG5: Yeah...I usually get out like this by myself.

Commander: You camp outdoors all by yourself?

Gr MG5: Yes, Commander.

Commander: I thought you preferred hanging around the other Dolls.

Gr MG5: I don't dislike being around my friends...

Gr MG5: It's just that sometimes...I need to be alone.

Gr MG5: Ah, we've reached our destination, Commander.

Commander: Alright, let's take a break after we search this area.

An hour later. Search complete.

Gr MG5: The search is complete, Commander. No traces of the enemy.

Commander: I didn't find anything on my side either.

Gr MG5: The others haven't finished searching yet. Would you like to rest here for now, Commander?

Commander: Alright, we'll wait for the others to contact us.

Commander: We can pack up and go home if they don't find anything.

Gr MG5 unfolds her folding chair in a small clearing in the woods.

Gr MG5: Please wait, Commander.

Gr MG5: I'll prepare a hot drink to warm you up.

Commander: Thank you, Gr MG5.

Gr MG5: Think nothing of it, Commander. My power is yours to use in the first place.

Gr MG5 sets up a stove and starts a fire in a skilled fashion, and soon enough, a cup of piping hot coffee is delivered to my hands.

Gr MG5: Sorry, Commander. This is the best I could do with what I've got.

Gr MG5: Although it is only ordinary instant coffee, I'm sure that it'll be able to refresh your senses.

Commander: That's fine, Gr MG5. This is an excellent drink as is.

Gr MG5: Unfortunately, I did not bring along milk or sugar...so I couldn't adjust the flavor.

Commander: I may be human, but I'm hardly that demanding.

Commander: Mmm, mmm...this coffee tastes fine.

Gr MG5: That's good to hear.

Gr MG5 sits down opposite of me, holding her own cup of coffee.

Gr MG5: Commander...what do you think of this incident?

Commander: I think...this incident was just an ordinary terrorist attack.

Gr MG5: Actually, there's one thing I don't quite understand...

Gr MG5: Why do humans still fight each other when there's an enemy like Sangvis Ferri around?

Commander: ...You sure chose a difficult question for me to answer.

Commander: How shall I put this... In truth, humans fighting humans is very much like how you fight Sangvis.

Commander: Or rather, your battles are simply extensions of the fighting between humans.

Gr MG5: ...I don't quite understand after all.

Gr MG5: For us, carrying out orders is simpler.

Commander: Actually, for people like us, protecting the people close to us is enough.

Gr MG5: Like say, protecting your friends?

Commander: Yes, that's a part of it.

Commander: If you have a goal that you want to achieve, then there's a value in fighting.

Commander: I feel that in that regard, both humans and Dolls are the same.

Gr MG5: As for me...I want all the friends who fight with me to come back safely each time.

Gr MG5: That includes you too, Commander. I want everyone to achieve victory safely.

Commander: You really are a gentle person, Gr MG5.

Gr MG5: ...What are you saying all of a sudden?

Gr MG5: If you don't drink your coffee soon, it'll get cold.

Commander: Alright, alright, I'll drink it.

...Beep. I receive the signal to begin operations.

Gr MG5: See, you're out of time.

I hurriedly gulp the coffee down and wipe my mouth.

Commander: Let's go on a real outdoors hike next time. The kind where there's no enemies, only friends.

Gr MG5: Are you willing to treat a Doll as a friend, Commander?

Commander: Can't I? I enjoy simple things too.

Gr MG5: Commander...

Gr MG5: I also...enjoy the time I spend with you very much.

Gr MG5: Then it's a promise.

Gr MG5: Next time, we'll go on a real hike.