...Griffin base.

In the command room.

The girl before me seems to have crashed for a moment due to over-excitement.

I take the opportunity to pinch her cat ears.

Gr Mk23: ...! Darling, you're making fun of me again!

The girl covers her ears and glares at me, looking a little frustrated and red in the face.

Commander: Nope, I'm telling the truth this time.

Commander: In any case, the mission is to put on a fashion show in wedding dresses, so go back and practice your catwalk.

The girl looks a little hesitant.

She does not rejoice like I thought she would after I confirmed the contents of the mission with her.

Gr Mk23: So that means, Darling, you'll...

Commander: I'll be going, of course. I'll check in on you every day.

Gr Mk23: Aw, you're the best, Darling!

Gr Mk23: I'll go back and start practicing right away!

The girl hops and skips her way out of the office.

Commander: Did I bully her too much...

Commander: On second thought, never mind. Besides, she looks quite motivated.

Half an hour later.

Inside the T-Doll dorms.

Gr Mk23 sits on her bed, kicking her legs happily. But a look of unease soon appears on her face.

Gr Mk23 holds her chin in her hands and stares at the floor as she mutters to herself.

Gr Mk23: While it's true that missions to wear wedding dresses don't exactly grow on trees, but...but I'm not the only one taking part!

Gr Mk23: If everyone else puts on a wedding dress in front of Darling, they're going to steal Darling away!

Gr Mk23's brows knit tighter and tighter.

Gr Mk23: I've been careless! This is an unprecedented crisis!

Gr Mk23 mutters to herself and jumps off the bed, pacing back and forth inside her room.

Suddenly, she claps her hands together and her expression grows stern.

Gr Mk23: It's decided! I'll put Secret Operation: Darling Defense into action!

Gr Mk23: I mustn't let Darling fall into anyone else's silk-wrapped clutches!

Gr Mk23: That's it, then! I'll go check the namelist with Miss Kalina and work on countermeasures for each and every one of them...

...Several days later.

At the fashion show's dressing room.

Before the rehearsals, Gr Mk23 mutters to herself as she looks into the mirror.

Gr Mk23: According to my previous investigations in the dressing room, nobody has made a move on Darling yet...

...Rewinding a little bit into the past.

During the makeup tests.

Doll holding a red bouquet: Oh...I'm sorry! I was thinking about my sister and didn't notice you were here...

Doll holding a red bouquet: I've already got her recommendations on what makeup would look good on me, but it's still very hard. I don't know if the pictures will turn out well...

Doll holding a red bouquet: Huh? The Commander? If you mean today, I haven't seen the Commander yet...

Doll with long red hair: As I said, I don't want my makeup to be too flamboyant...

Doll with long red hair: Oh? So it's you, kitty. Are you done with your makeup? A sweet look really does suit you.

Doll with long red hair: The Commander isn't here yet, I think. Honestly, asking me for help than running off to who-knows-where... What? The Commander promised to come and check on us every day? Hm, then we'll just have to wait, no?

...Back to the present.

In the dressing room.

Gr Mk23 takes out her tactical tablet and carefully studies the notes she's made on it.

Gr Mk23: During the past two days in the studio, it seems everyone was focused on the publicity photos. Nobody did anything outrageous like taking pictures with Darling in their wedding dresses...

...Rewind a little bit into the past.

At the photo studio.

Doll draped in teal ribbons: The Commander? I haven't really thought about that.

Doll draped in teal ribbons: To do well in a photo shoot, you mustn't let your mind wander. If you're distracted, you'll never be able to reach perfection—

Doll draped in teal ribbons: Tsk, she ran off? It won't do to ignore constructive criticism.

Doll wearing a crystal circlet: I just don't look good in the pictures. Even my expression is all weird... What on earth should I do...?

Doll wearing a crystal circlet: (Whimpers) Go to the Commander in my current state? No, I can't, I'm a total joke!

Doll wearing a crystal circlet: Rather, I'm glad the Commander isn't in the studio right now...

...Back to the present.

In the dressing room.

Gr Mk23's ears droop as she stares at her reflection in the mirror. She widens her eyes and refuses to blink, so that the tears welling up won't coming spilling down her face.

Gr Mk23: It's true that nobody's gotten any funny ideas about Darling over the past few days, but...

Gr Mk23: But it's been so long since the mission started, so why haven't I seen Darling even once?

Gr Mk23: Why...why...why do I feel like I've been through this before? Darling made a promise but didn't keep it...

Gr Mk23 is now the only one in the dressing room.

She carefully dabs at the corners of her eyes with a finger, so that her tears won't smear the meticulous makeup.

She looks up at the clock hanging on the wall.

Gr Mk23: (Sighs) It's almost time for my rehearsals.

Gr Mk23: Let's just do them for now...even though there's something really important that I want to do with Darling...

Gr Mk23: Darling, you dummy, you big dummy...

Just as Gr Mk23 is thinking that, the door to the dressing room opens.

Somewhat surprised, Gr Mk23 looks back and sees Gepard enter, looking totally despondent.

Gepard M1: Oh, you're here too, Gr Mk23.

Gepard greets Gr Mk23 wearily.

Gr Mk23: You don't look well... Is something the matter? Are you feeling alright?

Gepard M1: No...I just...I just feel so tired...

Gepard M1: I thought that taking pictures in a wedding dress and walking down a runway would be an easy mission...

Gepard M1: But for some reason, it feels just like working overtime every day in the base.

Gr Mk23: I do understand the way you feel, to some extent...

Gepard M1: Yeah... But now I'm thinking, am I being too unreasonable?

Gr Mk23 drags Gepard over to a place where she can sit down and helps tidy up Gepard's braid. Pulling herself together, she smiles gently at Gepard.

Gr Mk23: It looks to me, you need to get everything off your chest.

Gr Mk23: I've still got a while before I need to go for my rehearsal. Talk to me.

...Ten minutes later.

Gepard M1: (Groans) In any case, it's all the Commander's fault!

Gepard M1: I ended up in this situation because I was deceived by the Commander's definition of "easy work"...

Gr Mk23: (Giggles) Ja, it's all Darling's fault, that big fat liar.

Gepard looks down and falls silent, but after ten minutes of conversation, Gr Mk23 notices that Gepard looks significantly more relaxed.

Gr Mk23: Come to think about it, you look suuuuper good in that wedding dress, Gepard.

Gepard M1: Huh?

Gr Mk23 turns Gepard around and has her face herself in the mirror.

Gr Mk23: Don't you think you look pretty, Gepard?

Gepard M1: I...

Gr Mk23: Trying on makeup is a chore. Finding my best angle is also a chore. Don't even get me started on walking the runway again and again till the designer is satisfied.

Gr Mk23: But if you think about it, the fact is that we Tactical Dolls now have a rare chance to show off our charm beyond fighting and killing on the battlefield.

Gr Mk23: Gepard, you've been thinking of the whole thing as a sort of "drudgery" all this while, right? Why don't you try thinking of it as a "reward" for once?

Gr Mk23: Even if just for your own sake, cheer up a little.

Gr Mk23 tilts her head, and as she looks at Gepard, who is entranced by her image in the mirror, her train of thought suddenly leaves for parts unknown.

Gr Mk23: What on earth am I saying? I really am a dummy...

Gr Mk23: At first I thought that it didn't matter how hard things got as long as I managed to let Darling see me like this, but now...

Gr Mk23: "Be happy for yourself?" I'm trying to make someone else feel better, but why does it feel like I'm...

...

Neither of the two Dolls, deep in their own thoughts, notices the person who has been standing outside the unlatched door since a while ago. Nor do they notice the person's silent departure.

...A day later.

At the show venue.

It is time for Gr Mk23's final rehearsal.

Gr Mk23 is the polar opposite of the self-pitying wretch who was staring at her reflection in the dressing room. As she goes on stage, Gr Mk23 is all smiles, and her confident performance wins applause from all the designers who are present at the scene to give directions.

Designer: Thank you very much, miss. Keep this up and you'll definitely ace the real thing!

Gr Mk23 thanks the designer and goes backstage.

Gr Mk23: I just need to smile, I just need to smile.

Gr Mk23: There's no reason for Darling not to be there when it's time for the real show!

Gr Mk23: When it's time...Darling will see my most beautiful side—

As Gr Mk23 mutters to herself, she suddenly feels someone fondle her cat ears.

Mk23: (Squeaks)

???: There's your "reward" — You did very well just now, Gr Mk23.

Gr Mk23 stands rooted in place, her face red. The Commander has appeared out of nowhere before her.

Gr Mk23: Darling...you're bullying me again, Darling!

Gr Mk23: Hmph, when the show officially starts, I'll do even better than this!

Commander: I know. I'm sure you will.

Gr Mk23 looks at the Commander in a bit of a daze, but then she shakes her head and makes her way back to the dressing room, holding her skirts up as she does.

As she walks away, she calls out to the Commander.

Gr Mk23: Daaaaaarling. ♪

Commander: I'm listening.

Gr Mk23: Once all the performances are over, you need to remember to make some time to keep me company, okay?

Gr Mk23: Think of that as a payment for seeing me at my best! ♪

Commander: Alright, I will.

The girl runs all the way down the corridor and vanishes around the corner.

She did not demand to know why I had not shown up as per my promise. As always, she only made another promise with me.

Commander: ...I'd better stop bullying her from now on.

Commander: Who knows what kind of jerk she sees me as...

...After the mission ends.

At the studio.

The girl is dressed in light pink chiffon, and the sweet smile on her face is more delightful than the bouquet in her hands.

She walks up to me, shining like a signpost leading to a wonderful life.

Gr Mk23: Good, you didn't stand me up this time, Darling. You're right here with me.

Commander: Ahem... Well yes, I'm here to make my "payment."

Commander: So what do you want to do, Gr Mk23?

Gr Mk23: I asked the designer, and I don't need to return the dress right after the show, so...

Gr Mk23: Now, while there's still time, I'd like to take a picture with you, Darling.

Commander: A wedding photo...? Don't tell me you're planning to make fun of me.

Gr Mk23: Hmph, do you think I'm as wicked as you? You really are terrible, Darling.

Even as she says this, the girl still tugs on my clothes and drags me in front of a wedding photo backdrop, taking her place at the clearly indicated position on the floor.

There is a camera not far from the backdrop. The shutter is linked to a remote switch, which lies at the girl's feet.

As I look around, the girl suddenly grabs my hand.

Gr Mk23: From the wedding photos I've seen......people always hold hands.

I turn to look at her profile. She is looking straight ahead, but the flush in her cheeks is becoming more and more obvious.

I promised not to tease her again, but now...

Commander: (Shakes hand) Owwwww! Gr Mk23, your grip is really strong! Let go, let go!

However, to my surprise, the girl does not let go.

When I turn to look at her, I suddenly realize that her tail, which had been swaying back and forth energetically, now droops dejectedly on the ground.

The girl bites her lip and says nothing. However...she's still holding my hand, though in a much looser grip.

Commander: ...

It suddenly occurs to me that I must have a nasty, unsightly grin on my face. After all, I'm a jerk who's making fun of a girl's sincere sentiments.

Commander: You're right, Gr Mk23. Your Darling really is a terrible person.

With that, I step forward and bend down to pick up the shutter switch, before returning to my original position.

Following that...I take the girl's soft and delicate hand in a grip so tight she can't shake me off.

Mk23: Dar...Darling?

Commander: What's wrong?

Commander: Of course we need to hold hands for a wedding photo.

There's no need to check with my eyes. I can tell just from the jingling sound that right now, the girl's tail is like a radar that's been powered on again, standing high and proud and swishing from side to side.

Commander: Fortunately, humans are all cunning creatures.

Commander: If I had a tail too, you'd have seen right through me.

Gr Mk23: A tail? Seen through? What are you saying, I don't understand...

Commander: It's nothing.

Commander: This is just your reward for showing me your best side.

—Kachak.

Of course, there are a lot of things I've left unsaid, such as the fact that I had actually been checking on them, and the momentary tremor in my heart as I pushed the shutter switch.

I should have taken back what I had said about "her best side".

Because at that moment, the smile I saw on her face when I glanced in her direction was the most beautiful of her I had ever seen.

And now, have I — as a person who can make her smile like that — finally become someone who will never cause her pain and sorrow again?