"The most important thing on Spring Festival Eve is for everyone to get together and have a good meal!"

...

In truth, I didn't quite understand that part... It was what Type 81R told me.

However, it isn't often that everyone could get together, so a lavish dinner menu would be good, right...?

Gr Mk23: Darling! Are you listening to me?!

Commander: Ah...yes!

Commander: I'm sure everyone will be happy to see how much effort you put into making tonight's dinner, Gr Mk23.

I head to the kitchen at noon to check on the preparations for Spring Festival Eve.

What I find is Gr Mk23 in a dress, working through a mountainous heap of ingredients for tonight's banquet.

Gr Mk23: I don't care if the others are happy!

Gr Mk23: If I could, I'd make all these dishes for you alone, Darling!

Commander: That's so much food... I couldn't finish it all even if I wanted to...

Gr Mk23: Honestly! I worked really hard to make these East Asian dishes you've never tried before!

Commander: Is that so? I'll be looking forward to them, then!

Commander: However...I've only had East Asian food a few times...so no matter what you make...

Or should I say, this place simply doesn't have what it takes to offer a decent meal...

Gr Mk23: Look at this, it's made with clean, pure fish! I had to cook it a different way because it didn't have extra arms or legs...

Gr Mk23: And then there's this chunk of beef, which is the centerpiece of this dish over here! I took it off the heat at the moment when it was most delicious! It's filled with my feelings for you, Darling!

Commander: That said...the moment it gets served, those gluttons will probably snatch it all up in the blink on an eye, right?

Gr Mk23: I've been spending a lot of time on tonight's dinner...

Gr Mk23: I couldn't make time for you at all, Darling, because I was so busy finding the correct recipes, making authentic sauces, and so on.

Gr Mk23: Still, it's all worth it as long as my Darling gets to eat good food...

Commander: Ah... thanks for your hard work.

Gr Mk23: So, Darling! You have to keep me company once the celebration's over!

Commander: Uh...while I can't comment on my overall schedule, we should be able to eat together, at least...

Gr Mk23: Hehe...are you happy with just sharing a meal? You can ask for more, you know.

Gr Mk23: Still, it doesn't matter. Once you try the food I made for you, I'm sure you'll like me even more, Darling!

On the night of Spring Festival Eve.

While there was a fairly big commotion in the afternoon, everyone has cast the matter aside once the banquet begins.

Gr Mk23: Darling~ Are you free now?

Commander: Hm? Are you done on your end, Gr Mk23?

Gr Mk23: I've finished cleaning up...among other things!

Gr Mk23: Come with me, Darling. I've prepared a special menu for you!

Gr Mk23: You see, I actually kept a few things in reserve in addition to the dishes you can see outside...

Gr Mk23: Only the best for you, Darling!

Commander: That sounds tempting.

Commander: But I'd like everyone to be able to sample your finest work, if that's possible.

Gr Mk23: No! I specially made those dishes for...

Gr Mk23: ...

Gr Mk23: Huh...? It's gone!

Gr Mk23: Hold it! I put the lunchbox here! Where did it go?!

Commander: It's gone? Maybe someone served it up?

Gr Mk23: That's impossible! I told everyone in the kitchen that I was holding it in reserve and that they were not to touch it, ever!

Gr Mk23: How did this happen...?

Gr Mk23: Why...? It was such a good chance...

Commander: Gr Mk23...

Commander: Uh...

Gr Mk23: Scheiße! I'm so mad! Who took my packed food!?

Gr Mk23: Wait here for me, Darling, I'm going to find the thief right now!

Gr Mk23: Where are the security camera logs! Oi, you lot, get over—!

Commander: W-wait a minute!

I hurriedly pull Gr Mk23 back from the brink of going berserk.

Commander: Calm down, just calm down, Gr Mk23!

Commander: Put your gun down... If you go out like this, you'll scare everyone!

Gr Mk23: But! But I made it for you...

Commander: Well, it's definitely suspicious how the lunchbox you've poured your heart and soul into suddenly vanished...

Commander: But the people on our base wouldn't steal things. It's very likely that someone just misplaced it in the kitchen...

"I hope..." I add silently, not daring to say that out loud.

Gr Mk23: But no matter what...it's still gone... All my effort... I can't believe...

Commander: While it's a shame that I couldn't eat the food you've put so much love into making...you made all the food for tonight's banquet with all your heart, didn't you?

Commander: I'm happy enough just seeing how wonderful the fruits of your labor turned out to be.

Commander: I'll ask the others if they see the lunchbox, and I'll keep you company until we find it.

Gr Mk23: (Sobs) Really?

Commander: Of course!

Crap, I think I just made one hell of a promise.

Gr Mk23: In that case...maybe I should hope that it never gets found?

Gr Mk23: Heehee...I'm just kidding. But now that you've said it, you have to keep me company all night!

Commander: You just took the liberty and interpreted it as "accompanying you all night", huh... But that's fine too.

Commander: The kitchen isn't the best place to be, so let's head back to the dining hall.

Commander: After all, over there you'll be able to see the smiles you've brought to everyone's faces.

After that, in spite of Gr Mk23's grumble about how we wouldn't be alone together out there...

We found two empty seats and enjoyed the lively atmosphere and a sumptuous Spring Festival Eve dinner.

Although Gr Mk23's specially-made dishes had gone missing, she seemed especially happy tonight.

All things considered, it ended pretty well; or rather, it was better this way.

As for the missing lunchbox...that's another story entirely...