...On the eve of Halloween.

Type 97S: Now recruiting, now recruiting! A test of courage is about to begin, the first one in who knows how long!

Type 97S: Is there anyone who wants to sign up as security staff?!

M38: Uh...can I sign up for the test of courage itself?

Type 97S: Ah, the player group is all filled up!

Type 97S: But being security's quite fun too. You get to see all kinds of things happening between various people!

Type 97S: How about it, why not be part of the security team?

M38: ...No, it's okay, I'm sure I couldn't handle it...

Type 97S: Aw, how do you know if you don't even try...?

Type 97S: C'mon, don't run off so fast...

Model L: ...

Model L: Are you recruiting people?

Type 97S: Oh? If it isn't the lovely Model L!

Type 97S: I'm sorry, but the player group for the test of courage is all filled up.

Model L: Aren't there openings in the security team?

Type 97S: Hm? You actually want to work security?

Type 97S: Are you sure? You like to play, don't you?

Model L: Since when did I give you that impression...

Type 97S: Hehe, so you're saying that you're playful when you're not in front of me, then?

Model L: No, I'm not interested in anything other than my mission and my orders.

Type 97S: Hm...mm?

Type 97S: You seem a bit weird today?

Model L: What do you mean?

Type 97S: Let me think...

Hawk turns around and thinks for a while...

Type 97S: Well, usually your reply would be, "W-what's wrong with having a little fun when I'm not on mission?!"

Model L: ...You're the weird one.

Type 97S: Alright, alright, maybe you were too tired from your last expedition.

Type 97S: I've already sent the job description and the details for the security position to you.

Model L: Yes, received.

Type 97S: See you later, then.

Model L: Yeah, see you.

Several days later...

On the night of the Halloween test of courage.

MG3: Oh hey, so you're working with me, Model L.

MG3: I didn't expect you to be back so soon.

Model L: Are you...MG3...?

MG3: Haha, you almost couldn't recognize me, huh?

Model L: Indeed, if I hadn't checked your ID signal...

MG3: Hey! Are you saying I have no distinguishing features beyond my ID signal?!

Model L: Then why not come over in your usual outfit?

MG3: Aw, how often does Halloween come by? Dressing up every now and then is fun.

Model L: We're not here to have fun. Keep an eye on your surroundings.

MG3: Alright, alright. That said...

MG3 stretches forcefully.

MG3: Nothing's happening anyway—

MP40: Ugh... Why...is this happening?!

MG3: Hey, Model L, did you hear that?

Model L: Yes, analyzing... Target identified, it's MP40's signal.

Model L: Follow me, I know her coordinates!

MG3 grunts in approval and rushes over to MP40's position along with Model L.

MP40: (Whimpers)

MG3: Are you alright? What happened?

MP40: My precious candy... Someone stole it!

Model L: Was the culprit a Doll?

MP40: I didn't see who it was...but she had a very big hat!

MG3: Aw, that's no help at all.

MG3: There are tons of Dolls with hats today.

MP40: Please, help me... Th-the Commander gave it to me.

MG3: Well, no wonder. I was wondering why you were suddenly so into candy...

MP40: (Sniffles)

Model L suddenly lets out a sigh from where she's been investigating on the sidelines.

Model L: MG3, head to these coordinates.

Model L: Go and capture FF FNC.

MG3: Huh?

MG3: We can't just look for someone wearing a hat to take the fall just because we don't have any leads.

Model L picks up a chocolate wrapper from the ground and holds it up to MG3's face.

MG3: This...this is...

Model L: It's a wrapper from the chocolates that FNC is always eating.

Model L: If this isn't enough to get her to confess to her crimes, then hand it to the Commander to test the saliva on the wrapper.

MG3: I see.

MG3: Alright! Leave the catching to me!

In less than an hour, MG3 has seized FNC and returned the candy to MP40.

After that, Model L and MG3 solve many other problems caused by Dolls.

MG3: ...Phew. We sure did a lot of running tonight. Let's take a break so I can catch my breath.

Model L: Yeah... I'm starting to feel a little tired too.

MG3: Haha, good thing I've got Model L as my teammate. You're as reliable as always.

Model L: You don't have to lick my boots. I don't care about anything that isn't related to the mission or my orders.

MG3: Huh? You sound different from your usual self.

Model L: Even you think so...? How am I different?

Model L: I've always considered my mission and my orders as my top priorities.

MG3: Hm... Now that I think about it, that does seem to be the case.

MG3: Sorry, maybe I was just imagining things.

Model L: ...Today might be Halloween, but everyone's being a bit too lively tonight, don't you think?

MG3: Well, it IS a festive event. It's times like these when you put your troubles aside and just run around and have as much fun as you can.

MG3: The joy you experience during the festival can serve as the motivation to help you overcome your difficulties the next day, and in all the days to come.

Model L: I'm guessing you're the kind of Doll who only starts writing your mission logs right before the debriefing, right?

MG3: Hahaha, you caught me.

Model L: After all, yesterday I...

???: Ah—! What the heck is this?!

Model L: Looks like there's another Doll in distress.

MG3: This is a pretty tough job. We don't even have time to chat.

MG3: Let's head out!

Model L: Do you know where to go?

MG3: That sounded like M870's, I remember how she chased me down on a motorbike and gave me a ticket for running on a motorway before...

MG3: So I can recognize her voice anywhere. She must be a participant in the test of courage too, and I know exactly where she'd be!

Model L: ...That statement is wrong on so many levels, I don't know which one to start with.

???: Ow—! Mayday! Mayday!

MG3: Looks like there's no time to rant about her; there's yet another Doll in trouble!

Model L: Was that M870 again?

Model L: It sounded like the same voice.

MG3: It did sound like her...but it's also vaguely different.

MG3: Aw, I'm not too sure myself, but I think that voice came from the other direction.

Model L: Really now... There sure are a lot of Dolls in trouble tonight.

Model L: You head over to M870's side. I'll handle the other one.

MG3: Got it. I'll send the coordinates to you.

MG3: Be careful when moving alone.

Model L nods and heads the other way.

The cries for help keep coming, as though they were beckoning Model L.

Ten minutes later...

Model L finally reaches the location of the person crying for help, only to find...

Model L: Y-you're...

KSVK: Hm?

Model L frowns and glares at KSVK.

That is because there is a Doll collapsed at KSVK's feet.

Model L: That's...P90 on the ground!

Model L: So that was you... I can't believe you're still imitating others at a time like this.

KSVK: Yeah...she accidentally passed out so I'm taking care of her.

Model L: Really? You don't look like you're taking care of her.

Model L: Rather...you look like you attacked her!

KSVK: Now why would you think that? Shouldn't we all get along since we're both Griffin Dolls?

Model L: The precondition for getting along with you is...that you're actually a friend.

KSVK: Have I offended you in some way? I can't believe you're doubting my very identity.

Model L: Could you show me your left hand?

KSVK: Hm? That's part of my Halloween costume; taking it off would be very troublesome.

Model L: I'm not talking about your costume. Today is Halloween, and there might be someone out there disguising themselves as another Doll as some kind of practical joke...

Model L: Show me your left hand. If you're the real KSVK, your left hand will definitely—

Model L: Ugh...!

Suddenly, Model L's vision flashes.

A fist slams into Model L's lower abdomen.

By the time she realizes that, she is already on the ground.

KSVK: I didn't expect you to be so perceptive, Miss Model L.

Model L: (Groans) As I thought, you're not KSVK!

KSVK: Come see for yourself if I am KSVK or not.

KSVK unwraps the bandages on her left arm.

It looks just like how Model L remembers it.

Model L: How could this be...? Your left arm's the same as KSVK's...

Model L: But KSVK would never attack a friend!

KSVK: Don't worry, I didn't do anything to her... I merely "paid her back".

Model L: Payback?

KSVK: Her karate chop from earlier HURT, by the way.

Model L: And am I going to receive some of your payback too?

KSVK shakes her head.

KSVK: I have no grudge against you, but for a minute there, I was worried you would ruin my plan.

KSVK: Looks like I was worried for nothing.

Model L: What are you talking about...?

KSVK: It's not even a problem now, because you—

KSVK: You aren't the real Model L either, which is why you sensed the abnormality in me so quickly.

Model L: Enough nonsense! Who ARE you?!

KSVK: No need to worry, I'll tell you everything.

KSVK's Dummy: Let me introduce myself.

KSVK's Dummy: What would be the easiest way for you to understand this? Oh yes, you can consider me KSVK's Dummy.

Model L: ...!

KSVK's Dummy: Judging by that look on your face, I'm guessing you don't believe that a Dummy could have a will of its own.

KSVK's Dummy: But there are exceptions to everything... If the mainframe lost consciousness, wouldn't a backup Dummy become the mainframe?

Model L struggles to lift herself up and slowly gets to her feet.

Model L: Impossible... I've never heard of a program like that before.

KSVK's Dummy: Oh, don't be so silly. That's just a guess on my part.

KSVK's Dummy: As for why I would make such a guess?

KSVK's Dummy: Naturally, it's because my main body has lost consciousness.

Model L: Take your nonsense back.

Model L: Something's wrong with you, KSVK's Dummy, because yesterday, KSVK and I were just—

Model L: What's happening?

KSVK's Dummy: What did I do with you yesterday?

KSVK's Dummy: Let me guess...you can't remember?

Model L: That's strange...

Model L: What's wrong? My memories of yesterday are a blur...

KSVK's Dummy: Why don't you try recalling the day before yesterday, or the day before that?

Model L: ...

KSVK's Dummy: Nothing comes to mind? Then let me tell you the truth.

KSVK's Dummy sidles up to Model L...

Model L: You... What do you mean...?

Model L: The real Model L is on an expedition and won't be back for another couple of days...?

Model L: No, it can't be...

KSVK's Dummy: There's no way I could be wrong about this. The only memories in my neural cloud that I'm absolutely certain are correct are those from yesterday.

KSVK's Dummy: I was the last one who said goodbye to you, although I passed out 3 hours later.

Model L: What expedition are you talking about?! I won't believe your nonsense!

Suddenly, Model L seems to remember something...and she takes a couple of steps back.

Type 97S: You seem a bit weird today?

Type 97S: Alright, alright, maybe you were too tired from your last expedition.

MG3: Oh hey, so you're working with me, Model L.

MG3: I didn't expect you to be back so soon.

Model L: So I did go on a expedition...? Which means that right now, I'm...

KSVK's Dummy: Looks like you still don't understand. Then let me tell you a defining difference between Dummies and their originals.

Model L: ...!

KSVK's Dummy: Namely, they don't care about "things that aren't their mission or orders".

Model L: What?!

KSVK's Dummy: In human terms, they would lack a soul, I think? After all, a Dummies' purpose is to carry out orders.

KSVK's Dummy: Which means, you're nothing more than a Dummy yourself.

KSVK's Dummy: But I'm not the same. I'm the Chosen One, the child of destiny.

Model L: Enough of your bullcrap! I won't believe it!

Model L raises her gun.

KSVK's Dummy: So you're pointing your gun at me?

KSVK's Dummy: Very well. Go ahead and shoot.

Model L: KSVK! Don't take a joke too far!

KSVK's Dummy: If you still don't believe me, then shoot me!

Model L squeezes her trigger.

Model L: There must be something wrong with KSVK's neural cloud. We'll be able to fully repair her as long as I don't damage her core.

Model L: Sorry, KSVK, but I'm protecting Halloween tonight!

Bang! —Or at least, that was what should have happened.

Model L finds that she is unable to pull the trigger.

Model L: But...but why?

KSVK's Dummy: Ahahahahaha!

KSVK's Dummy: You can't open fire without the mainframe's permission. Admit it, you're just a Dummy.

Model L: What...

Model L: I...

Model L: Am I really a Dummy?

KSVK's Dummy: You weren't chosen by destiny. I realized that when I touched you just now.

KSVK's Dummy: Poor Model L. All you have is a Dummy's authorizations.

Model L: What... Why...

Model L: How, how could this be...

KSVK's Dummy: Open your eyes and SEE. There can only be one child of destiny.

KSVK's Dummy: You can keep trying to stop me, if you still believe that you're the real Model L.

KSVK's Dummy turns her back on Model L and begins cracking the code to the control room.

Model L: ...What are you doing?!

KSVK's Dummy: I'm going to spice up Halloween.

Model L: You!

Model L tries to stop her, but finds herself unable to move.

Model L: What... Why is this happening?

Model L: Is it because I've realized that I'm just a Dummy?

Model L: Mainframe program anomaly detected. Deactivating operational privileges.

Model L: Dammit! So she told me all of that to shut me down?!

KSVK's Dummy: Just give up. You are like me; we are both malfunctioning Dummies.

KSVK's Dummy: But I was chosen by destiny, while you...are nothing more than fortune's fool.

Model L's error correction functions have already been activated, and her systems are being shut down one after the other.

In the end, she can't even glare at KSVK any more...

Her vision starts turning white...

Model L: So I was never Model L to begin with...

Model L: I'm just a malfunctioning Dummy...a bug...

Model L: And how can a bug stop another bug...?

Model L: ...Even so.

Model L: Even so, I am STILL a member of Griffin!

Model L: At the very least, I have to...

Model L: Urrrrgh...!

Another punch connects with Model L's body.

KSVK's Dummy: I can't believe you can still move even in such a state.

KSVK's Dummy: I can't afford to let a moment's carelessness upset the grand plan.

KSVK's Dummy: Now please, do your part as a malfunctioning Dummy and wait to be picked up.

Model L: ...

Several hours later, at the finishing line of the test of courage.

KSVK's Dummy: Now that I've collected data on all the Dolls, I can begin the upload.

KSVK's Dummy: System Message - Data Uploading. Estimated time to completion - 3 minutes.

KSVK's Dummy: Humph. You kept calling yourself a child of destiny, but you were nothing more than a plaything for destiny yourself.

KSVK's Dummy: Your mainframe is truly pathetic, KS—

???: That's enough!

KSVK's Dummy: —!

KSVK's Dummy looks around, trying to locate the person who just spoke.

In the next moment, KSVK's Dummy stares into the shadows of the grove, at the flash of silver—

Model L: I'll put a stop to you.

KSVK's Dummy: Tsk... This Dummy again?

KSVK's Dummy: What can you do? Do you think you can stop me just because you changed clothes?

Model L: Quite the opposite; the ONLY thing I can do is stop you.

KSVK's Dummy: Humph, ridiculous—

Blam! The report of a rifle echoes forth.

A massive flare blasts the night apart and in the next moment...a bullet grazes KSVK's cheek.

KSVK's Dummy: W-what?! You can shoot?

KSVK's Dummy: But how...Dummies shouldn't be able to open fire without orders from their mainframe!

Model L: I'll repeat myself - the only thing I can do is stop you.

Model L: The Commander gave me a special order; put down KSVK's rogue Dummy.

Model L: Even if it's just for this brief moment, I'm the real Model L.

KSVK's Dummy: ...!

KSVK's Dummy: You actually contacted the Commander while on the verge of shutdown?!

Model L: I won't let you use KSVK's face for your villainy any longer.

Model L loads three rounds, each with a different tip, into her magazine.

KSVK's Dummy: Pretty talk for something that's not even a Doll...!

Model L: So what? My strength exists for the Commander!

Model L: I shall punish you in place of the real KSVK!

Model L: Miracles don't come out of nothing; they only emerge in the split second where lives collide!

Model L: DARK PURGATORY SLASH!

KSVK's Dummy: —!

The bullet hits KSVK in the chest and she immediately passes out.

Model L: Commander, I've succeeded in immobilizing KSVK's Dummy.

Model L: The custom-made silver bullets were effective and did not damage her bodily functions.

Commander: Well done. I'll send someone over to pick her up.

Model L: Commander, what's my next mission?

Commander: Go meet up with MG3, and if there's nothing special going on, that'll be all.

Model L: Understood.

...30 minutes later.

???: Why can't I connect? The performance of Griffin Dolls is just terrible.

At the same time, Model L and MG3 meet at the entrance of the test of courage.

MG3: Oh my, you've changed into a new outfit after just a few hours apart. Don't tell me your some kind of impostor

Model L: How rude!

Model L: Besides, I do dress up from time to time.

MG3: Hahahaha, the way you try to cover up your feelings is just like you.

Model L: Just like Model L, huh...

Model L: No, I've always been me. You must be imagining things...

Model L: Um, maybe it's because this outfit makes my boobs look smaller.

MG3: Eh?! I'm suddenly really jealous now...

Model L: Speaking of which , did anything special happen on your end?

MG3: Yeah, but it's a long story...

Model L: ...

Model L: I see, a lot happened to you too.

Model L: And thanks to you, the Commander's safe.

MG3: That said, I still kind of want to get rid of these annoying things...

MG3: (Sighs) Isn't there a way to enlarge things when they need to be big and shrink them down when they need to be small?

MG3: Something like the bubble gum 95 and the others eat.

Model L: ...

Model L: Hahahaha, how could there be such a thing? It'd pop on contact.

MG3: Hehe...you're finally laughing.

MG3: That's the real you.

Model L: Hm? ...What do you mean by that?

MG3: I mean, you shouldn't keep pushing yourself. You're ready to keel over any minute, right?

MG3: Our work for the day is over. Let's go back.

Model L: So it's over, huh... But I...

MG3: Aw, no need to be shy. I'll carry you back!

MG3: Don't hesitate when you can rely on your friends. Come on!

Model L: ...MG3.

Model L: I...

Model L backs up a couple of steps, as though she's remembering something.

Model L: ...No, there's something else I have to do.

MG3: Huh?

MG3 takes a few seconds to respond with a sigh.

MG3: Alright then, your eyes tell me you're deadly serious.

MG3: Then I'll go report to the Commander first.

MG3: See you later.

Model L: Yeah...see you...later.

Model L watches MG3 leave, then she heads into a corner.

...

Model L: This place should do. Beginning neural cloud upload.

Model L: System Message - Data Uploading. Independent operation order terminated. Estimated time to standby mode - 5 minutes.

Model L: I'm sorry, MG3...but the autonomous operations permission that the Commander gave me is about to end.

Model L: Therefore...I can't go back with you, and I certainly can't rely on you...

...

Model L: After all, I'm not Model L. I'm just one of her Dummies...

Model L: So I'll record the day's events in her neural cloud in order for the real Model L to rely on you.

Model L: ...That's also why I'm wearing this mask, so I can hide my identity to the very end.

Model L: If I get the chance...I'd like to go on a test of courage with everyone.

Model L: Still, it's nothing to get sentimental about. After all, I'm sure the real Model L will fulfill that wish some day.

Model L: System Message - Neural cloud upload complete. Terminating autonomous operation mode.

...

...

Doll on Recovery Duty: Commander, we've found Model L's Dummy. Please give us the order to execute a forced shutdown.

Doll on Recovery Duty: ...Understood, doing so now.

...Several days later.

Model L: MG3, let's run a test of courage!

MG3: Didn't we have one a few days ago? You and I were in charge of security that night!

Model L: So run another one!

MG3: But why?

Model L: Aw, just play along! Let's go, MG3!

MG3: But Halloween's over...

MG3: Wait, don't tell me you didn't attend back then just so you could run another one?!

Model L: That wasn't me, I didn't go for it!

MG3: ...Say what?

Model L: Come on, come on!

MG3: W-what's going on...?

Model L: You seem confused.

MG3: Of course I am.

MG3: Ah! Model L...there's two of you?!

Model L: Hehe, I'll tell you the rest during the test of courage!

MG3: Wait, don't pull my... At least don't pull me by the strap!

And so, MG3 is dragged off by the two Model Ls.

They do not notice the Commander and Kalina watching over them from afar.

Kalina: Hehe, you sure are generous, Commander. You even spent your bonus to let that girl stay active.

Kalina: Even so, she can only remain active for the duration of this Halloween.

Commander: That's fine. Time goes by in the blink of an eye, both for us and for them.

Commander: As long as...

Model L: As long as we can make bonds and memories during that "blink"...

Model L: Then that "blink" will never truly disappear.

Model L: Thank you, Commander...thank you for believing in someone like me...

Model L: My Halloween's not over yet... So next up...

Model L: Model L, MG3, let's begin the test of courage!