At Griffin's anniversary banquet.

Griffin T-Doll: So what happened with that cat, Miss Mosin-Nagant?

Mosin-Nagant: The T-Dolls at our dorm are looking after it!

Mosin-Nagant: You're welcome to come by and visit whenever you have the time.

Celebrity: May I have the honor of a dance, Miss?

Mosin-Nagant: Ah...

Mosin-Nagant: Of course, it would be my honor.

......

When the background music changed to a more cheerful tune, I heard a burst of bright laughter.

I couldn't help but laugh a bit myself, as I knew that laughter was from Mosin-Nagant.

She seems to have a magical power that entrances and enlivens those around her, and makes those people want to interact with her.

"How nice it is that cheerful people are popular everywhere."

With that thought in mind, I head over to greet Mosin-Nagant as the music track ends.

Mosin-Nagant: Ah, Commander.

Commander: You're great at dancing.

Mosin-Nagant: Haha, you saw?

Mosin-Nagant: Thank you for the compliment.

Commander: So, are you having fun?

Mosin-Nagant: Yeah, I'd say I enjoy venues with a lot of people.

Commander: That's good.

Commander: ...Eh? The glass of wine in your hand... Seems like you haven't drank much from it.

Mosin-Nagant: This? Ah, yes.

Commander: Comrade Mosin-Nagant that loves alcohol isn't drinking?

Commander: So you're not actually having fun at all!

Mosin-Nagant: No, that's not it... It's not necessary to drink that much at a banquet like this.

Commander: Not...necessary?

Mosin-Nagant: The company's image is more important.

Mosin-Nagant: Besides, I think these people would prefer a lady over a drunk.

Commander: Comrade Mosin-Nagant is actually reliable in these sorts of situations?

Mosin-Nagant: What are you talking about, Comrade Commander? I've always been reliable!

Commander: Alright, alright.

Mosin-Nagant: As for relaxing and being myself or whatever, I can do that at the party tonight~

Mosin-Nagant: By the way Comrade Commander, do you want to get drunk with me tonight?

Commander: Oh...I can't. Drink with everyone else.

...At Griffin's internal party.

Hearing a hearty laughter, there is no doubt in my mind that it is Mosin-Nagant...

...I thought to myself as the source of this laughter walks closer and closer.

I slowly turn around, trying to keep my smile from looking too stiff.

Commander: Um...Comrade Mosin-Nagant, Kalina still has work for me to deal with...

Mosin-Nagant: Come on, don't be in such a hurry!

Mosin-Nagant: Didn't you promise to drink with me~?

Commander: When did I make that promise!

Commander: ...Can I get back the Mosin-Nagant from the banquet earlier?

Mosin-Nagant: No can do~ I've turned off the proper lady mode~♪

Mosin-Nagant: Now it's the big sister Mosin-Nagant mode!♪

Commander: ...Then I'll drink a little bit... Just a little bit!

Mosin-Nagant: Comrade Commander, you're killing the mood...

Commander: Eh? R-really?

Mosin-Nagant: We rarely get a chance to have such a gre~at party~

Mosin-Nagant: Don't be so uptight~

Commander: You really look like you're having fun.

Mosin-Nagant: But of course. I've waited for this party for a whole day!

Mosin-Nagant: Are you not happy with the party, Commander?

Commander: Of course I'm happy.

Commander: I've been looking forward to this party myself as well.

Mosin-Nagant: Yet, you're still as composed as ever...

Mosin-Nagant: Hehe, here, finish up this bottle for me.

Commander: Just a little bit, okay?

Commander: (I still have work to do! I can't get drunk now!)

Mosin-Nagant: Hahahaha!

Mosin-Nagant: Commander, to victory in a brand new year, cheers!

...A moment later, Mosin-Nagant becomes visibly wobbly.

She is holding onto the Commander's shoulder giggling like a drunk buffoon.

Commander: (Sigh) She's drunk again...

416: Commander, so you're he-... Do you need help?

Commander: Oh, 416!

Commander: Perfect timing! Help...! (Small voice)

416: Understood.

Mosin-Nagant: (Slurred words) 416, have some booze! ......

416: Sure. Stop singing first and I'll drink.

416 takes Mosin-Nagant away while she tries to coax 416 into drinking with her. "She's hopeless." I amusingly thought to myself as I wiped the sweat from my forehead.

I couldn't help but think...

Isn't she revealing a bit too much of her true self...?

But then again, it is indeed a rare chance for them to have an event like this. Perhaps I am being a bit too uptight.

Not to mention, perhaps only a venue like this can allow them to act out their true selves, and it is only because they trust me that I am allowed to see this side of them...

I suppose this also proves that I've been a good commander.

Maybe the next time we celebrate, I can trust them and involve myself a little more. Maybe...

But for now, I'll leave them to celebrate for victory in a brand new year.