...

After verifying the security measures of the Dolls standing by in the reception hall, I make my way back to the studio room.

Commander: Although this is the only company that has allowed us to bring weapons and live ammo into their building...

Commander: Forget it, allowing everyone to experience the romance (or lack thereof) of humans taking wedding photos is also a good thing.

Commander: Come to think of it...I wonder if I'll ever have my turn in front of the flashbulb...

Just then, I notice Gr MP5 sitting by herself in a corner of the studio.

Commander: Are you done with your photos already, Gr MP5?

Gr MP5: Commander...

Gr MP5: I haven't taken my pictures yet...

Gr MP5: The photographer said I should sort myself out first.

Commander: (Didn't they start a while ago?)

Commander: Is there a problem? Is someone bullying you?

Gr MP5: Huh...? Ah...the photographer and the other staff members are all very nice to me. Nothing's wrong!

Gr MP5: Actually...I think I'm the cause of the problem here...

Commander: So were YOU bullying the staff members, then?

Gr MP5: Of course not! Of course not!

Commander: Good, I'm glad to see that you're still full of energy. I was actually a little worried when I saw you looking so sad.

Commander: So what's troubling you? I rarely get to see you wear such beautiful clothes; they don't go well with a frown.

Gr MP5: I...uh...it's nothing terribly important...

Gr MP5: It's just that after I came here, I realized wedding dresses are...better suited for taller girls.

Gr MP5: Someone like me simply can't do a big fancy skirt justice.

Gr MP5: So...I kind of envy the others...

Commander: (Hm...so it's because of her height...)

Commander: Fancy as it may be...there's fewer people who can wear a big skirt than you might think.

Commander: There was even someone just now who had to stand on a box under her dress to make herself look taller for her photos. That's what I call tiring.

Gr MP5: But that should be normal, given that we're wearing wedding dresses...

Gr MP5: If only I were a little taller, then I wouldn't look like a flower girl in the pictures...

Commander: Flower girls are cute too... Er...I mean...ahem...

Commander: The original plan was to give everyone a chance to experience wearing something different for a change. Since such opportunities are hard to come by, why not go for some variety?

Commander: The dress they picked out for you is much better than I expected, and I think it suits you really well.

Gr MP5: No it doesn't... If only human wedding dresses are red and black...

Gr MP5: Then even a childish design wouldn't look so weird...

Commander: Er...a red and black dress might give off the impression that the bride will tear the groom into pieces during the shoot...

Commander: It's probably best to be cheerful at a wedding. Everyone looks so stern when taking their photos, it's actually kind of scary.

Gr MP5: I think everyone looks so serious only because they're wearing big skirts...

Gr MP5: If only my pictures could turn out like theirs.

Commander: You don't need to copy others when it comes to style.

Commander: A natural look makes for the best photos, which is why I said your outfit suits you very well.

Gr MP5: Boo...

Gr MP5: In the end, you're still not denying that I look like a flower girl, Commander!

Commander: You can be a cheerful, energetic little maid of honor for this photo shoot.

Commander: Once you grow taller someday and you really do wear a big skirt, you'll miss a lissome style like this.

Gr MP5: Someday when I grow taller...

Commander: It's not that far off, trust me.

Commander: You should smile. It's a rare opportunity for you to be dressed so beautiful.

Gr MP5: Okay! Got it!

Despite answering vivaciously, she falls silent again.

She then questions...

Gr MP5: But what if...I stay this short forever... What do I do then?

Commander: Well...

Commander: Keep...drinking more milk and see if it helps?

Gr MP5: See if it helps?!

After our conversation, Gr MP5 successfully completes the photo session with a casual and energetic attitude.

Later that evening, everyone gathers around to look at each others' sample pictures.

Five-seven: Oh? You look quite charming with that pose, SV-98. But not as charming as my pictures, of course.

SV-98: These photographers...they're amazing...

SV-98: Is that really me in the photos?

Type56-1: I'm so hungry... We can go eat after we're done here, right?

Type56-1: Let's hurry up!

Gr G36: The pictures we're selecting will be shown to the public as part of a joint advertising campaign. We can't be careless.

Gr G36: I've got some biscuits here. If you don't mind it, you can have them to deal with your hunger for now.

Type56-1: Uwah...

Type56-1: Although I want to eat all the biscuits...

Type56-1: There won't be anything left for the others if they get hungry too... I guess I'll have to bear with it.

Five-seven: Don't worry, we're almost done.

Five-seven: I have to say, out of all the photos today, Gr MP5's surprise me the most.

Gr MP5: Eh?! Me?

Five-seven: Oh yes. Your style looks completely different from everyone else.

Five-seven: You really stood out during the group shot.

Gr MP5: Just as I thought...

Gr MP5: I was worried that my photos would be too different...

Five-seven: That's not a bad thing. Frankly speaking, I'm kind of envious that you could present yourself like that.

Five-seven: Tch, it looks like my ideas were constrained by the notion that one had to stand up straight in the photograph.

Gr MP5: Eh? That's...

Type56-1: Your outfit is really suited for this style of photography, Gr MP5...

Type56-1: I only dared to face the camera straight on because my dress left my back completely exposed...

Gr MP5: Aw...don't be like that!

Gr MP5: I couldn't wear the long dresses like you guys did because I'm still far too short.

Gr MP5: Once I grow taller, I will take a more mature and beautiful set of photos for sure!

Five-seven: Hehe... Gr MP5, wedding photos are a once-in-a-lifetime deal for humans, you know.

Type56-1: Although it's quite common now for it to happen more than once... Ack.

Gr G36: Keep it to yourself, Miss Type56-1.

SV-98: Still, it is a very idealized thing.

SV-98: Having us take them just feels a little...

......

An idealization, huh...

To some extent, Dolls are the same, too.

Standing to the side, I watch as the girls finish picking out their photos, and we then prepare to return to the base.

In truth, I have my doubts about whether if Gr MP5 would actually grow taller over time.

However, being able to leave such a touching memory in their neural clouds today was worth all the toil and effort.

They must feel the same way, given the smiles on their faces...

Because an idealized creation contains the essence of truth to begin with.