…

Gr MP5: Commander…

Gr MP5: On second thought, I don't think I wanna go…

Commander: But you're already here, all dressed up, so what are you having second thoughts about?

Gr MP5: The ghosts in the haunted house are really scary…!

Commander: Even if ghosts are real, Dolls don't turn into ghosts, so human-turned-ghosts wouldn't haunt you.

Gr MP5: But can ghosts tell the difference between a human and a Doll…?

Commander: They…probably can't.

Gr MP5: Then…what should I do…

Commander: Don't worry so much. The other Dolls built this haunted house. Even if you run into a ghost, I'm sure it would be a fake one.

Gr MP5: But a fake ghost with the intention of trying to frighten you is even scarier!

Commander: Well…in any case, just don't be afraid. Gr Mk23 and I will be with you.

Commander: Wait in the lobby for us. We'll be right over as soon as Gr Mk23 finishes changing.

Gr MP5: But there's nobody else here…

Commander: She's almost done. We'll be there real soon!

Commander: If you feel scared, try to think of something else to distract yourself!

…Call ended.

Gr MP5: ……

Gr MP5: (Whimpers)…

Gr MP5: It won't end up with only the Commander and I going in, right…? Everyone said they all wanted to see the haunted house…

…Gr MP5 sits alone in a corner of the empty lobby in the haunted house.

Gr MP5: "If you feel scared, try to think of something else."

Gr MP5: …Try to think of something else… Try to think of...

Gr MP5: …

Gr MP5: Oh, they did a great job decorating the entrance! You can't even tell this was an old warehouse...

Gr MP5: I wonder what this material is. Is it a hologram projection...?

Gr MP5: Ah! Cold... It's not a hologram projection...

Gr MP5: ...

Gr MP5: If everything inside a haunted house is supposed to scare you, then I should be fine if I'm in the lobby, right?

Gr MP5: So if I stay here, I shouldn't run into anything scary...

Gr MP5: …

…Click.

Gr MP5: …Right?

…

Gr MP5: Eh?

Gr MP5: Wh-Why did it suddenly go dark? Is this a part of the show?

Gr MP5: Did it start already? Hello, is anyone else here…?

Gr MP5: …Ah!

(Thud)

Gr MP5 trips over in the dark.

Gr MP5: (Whimpers)…Commander, where are you…

Gr MP5: I don't want to be alone in here… How do I get out…

Gr MP5: Why does it feel like the path has gotten narrower… Was the exit like this…?

Gr MP5: Eh? What is this I feel on the wall…?

Gr MP5: ...Is this…a face?

Gr MP5: Huh?

Gr MP5: …

Gr MP5: HIYAAAAAAAAAAA!

…

The power went out at the warehouse designated as the location for the event for some unknown reason. This is as far as I know.

Not a soul was in sight when I rushed to the haunted house entrance with a flashlight.

Commander: How come there's nobody here?

Commander: Gr MP5, are you in here?

Gr MP5: NO NO NO NOOOOOOO!

Commander: (Her voice is coming from within the haunted house!)

Commander: (Did she mistakenly wander inside in the dark?)

Gr MP5: UUUUUWAAAAAAAA STAY AWAY!

Commander: Gr MP5! Where are you?

Commander: Stay still and don't wander around!

Gr MP5: I-I can't!

Gr MP5: There's a ghost!

Gr MP5: There's a ghost chasing meeeeeee AAAAAAAAHHHH!

Commander: (Did the others mistaken Gr MP5 for a patron of the haunted attraction?)

Commander: (Well, She technically is, but not right now! …There's no choice…)

Commander: Hey! Whoever's the ghost chasing Gr MP5, stop!

Commander: Gr MP5, where are you?

Gr MP5: (Sobs) Commander…

Commander: So here you are. Phew, if anyone else saw you, they surely would think you're playing a part in the haunted house with how disheveled you look.

Gr MP5: Commander…it's so dark in here…

Gr MP5: I obeyed your instructions and stayed in the lobby, but…but…

Commander: It's okay, don't fret.

Commander: The event started earlier than I expected, and they turned off the lights in the lobby.

Gr MP5: So…it was all planned…?

Commander: Ah…yes, this was my mistake.

Commander: I forgot they were going to turn off the lights. I should've told you to wait outside.

Commander: Give me your hand. We'll get out of here.

Gr MP5: …

Gr MP5: Ok…

…Gr MP5 hides behind me as I'm holding her hand, leading her out with my map.

Commander: (We must look like juicy targets to the T-Dolls staffed in the haunted house right now…)

Commander: (Even I'm starting to sweat a little…but I have no choice but to put on a facade of confidence…)

Commander: …

Commander: …Jeez, it wasn't smart of you at all to enter alone.

Commander: At least bring a flashlight like me, otherwise it's easy to get lost in here.

Gr MP5: This is my first time in a haunted house… I didn't think that far…

Commander: Then I guess your only choice is to follow me.

Gr Mk23: Darlingggg! Are you insiiiiiiide? Why did you suddenly disappear leaving only a vague messaaaaaaaage?

Commander: (Crap… Why did she come? I told her to stay in her room!)

Gr MP5: Commander… I think I heard something…

Commander: Turn off your sound locator module. That's the cry of a banshee. Misfortune will befall you if you listen to it.

Gr Mk23: DARLINGGGG!

Commander: (Gr Mk23 will get the wrong idea if she sees us like this…)

Commander: (It's impolite to not answer when someone is calling for you, but there's no other way…)

…I hastily turn off the flashlight.

Commander: Ack! …The flashlight… How could it go out at a time like this…?

Gr MP5: Ehh? It went out???

Gr MP5: What should we do?!

Commander: (Whispers) Don't worry, I remember the way out.

Commander: But we need to be quiet, otherwise we'll alert the people that are trying to scare us.

Gr MP5: (Whimpers)…Ok…

Gr Mk23: DARLINGGGGGG! Where in the world are youuuuuuu?

...I sighed in relief as Gr Mk23's voice drifted farther away.

Commander: (I should at least…take Gr MP5 to the exit before I come back for Gr Mk23…)

Gr MP5: Commander…how far are we from the exit…?

Commander: We're almost there. The exit is just right up ahead.

I start to feel uneasy even though we are almost at the exit, as if I have forgotten something important.

Commander: (Is something supposed to be here in the plan that Springfield proposed...?)

Commander: (Damn it, of course there's going to be something at the end…but I can't remember what that thing is…)

…Gr MP5 suddenly squeezes my hand tightly.

Gr MP5: Commander…

Commander: W-What is it…?

Commander: Did you see something?

Gr MP5: Box…

Gr MP5: There's a box there…

Commander: (This box… What's it doing here…)

Gr MP5: Is this the only way out…?

Commander: The exit is right past it!

Commander: Don't look at it and just keep walking.

Gr MP5: (Whimpers)…

Commander: (I can only pray that whatever's inside the box requires electrical power to function…)

Hand in hand with Gr MP5, we make a beeline for the exit.

…But unfortunately, or perhaps because our footsteps are too loud, whatever's inside the box is alerted to our presence.

???: UGHHURGHHH…

Gr MP5: Eh? What…?

Commander: Gr MP5, don't look! Just move!

…But no matter how hard I pull Gr MP5, she is firmly frozen in place.

…BOOM.

Whoever's inside the box, or rather, the coffin, sends the lid flying with a single kick.

???: RAAAAGHHHHHHH....AARRRGGGGHHHH...

Gr MP5: WAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!

Commander: (The worst has happened! I need to get this thing away from Gr MP5 quickly!)

???: HERRRRREGGGHHHHHH…ARRRRRRGHHHHH...

Gr MP5: WAAAAAAAAAA!!

Commander: Everybody keep calm! Stop it, all of you!

Gr MP5: UWAAAAAAAHHHH GO AWAY GO AWAY GO AWAY!!

Commander: Gr MP5, calm down!

Gr MP5: WAHHHHHHHHH!

…Not only did Gr MP5 not run away, she hysterically pounces at the shadowy figure instead.

The two petite figures in the dark are entangled into a ball, rendering any bystanders unable to intervene.

Gr MP5: GO AWAY! GET AWAY FROM ME!!

Gr G11: Whoa! Aw! Ouch! S-Stop it... I don't like pain... Ack! Aw!

Commander: Stop fighting, both of you!

Commander: H-How on earth has it come to this...

Gr MP5: UWAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!

Gr G11: S-Stop hitting me! I'm sorry! I-I was wrong... Ahhhhhh...

…Click.

…The power is finally restored, and the darkness is lifted.

…

Gr MP5: (Panting) Huuu… Fuuu…

Commander: …

…With the lights finally back on, I can see a look of relief on Gr MP5's face.

Under her foot is Gr G11 that has been beaten to unconsciousness.

Gr G11: Uuuuggg…

Gr MP5: He…heehe…

Gr MP5: So this ghost wasn't so scary after all!

Commander: Umm…

Commander: Yes, just as what I said before.

Gr MP5: It would've been great if you had told me earlier that I can knock out a ghost, Commander…because then I wouldn't have had to worry so much.

Commander: …

Commander: There wouldn't be a point to the haunted house experience if I told you that earlier.

Commander: But congratulations, you seem to be no longer afraid of haunted houses.

Gr MP5: Hm, even so, I don't know if there are any even scarier monsters in this place…

Gr MP5: I still want to leave as soon as possible…

…

After putting the unconscious Gr G11 back into her coffin, the two of us exit from the haunted house.

Having to search for the exit in a completely dark haunted house is honestly quite frightening.

But being able to make it out with her fists…probably makes Gr MP5 far more scarier than ghosts.

But why would a T-Doll be afraid of ghosts?

Is it the fear of the unknown…or is it the fear of death…?