...The afternoon on New Year's Eve.

In the Griffin dorm.

Gr MP5 is lying sprawled on her bed, studying the...creature before her.

Gr MP5: This thing is a pig, right?

Gr MP5: Where did you come from? Are bionic pigs made the same way as us Dolls?

While Gr MP5 is musing to herself in front of the bionic pig, Type 56-1 happens to pass by her window.

She leans onto the window sill and greets Gr MP5.

Type 56-1: An early Happy New Year! Gr MP5, wanna come play mahjong with us?

Type 56-1: They've been practicing for our showdown tonight.

Gr MP5: Oh, 56-1.

Gr MP5: Nein, I have to take care of this little guy...

Type 56-1: It's been a few days and your pig has grown even fatter!

Type 56-1: Hmm, you've been taking good care of it!

Gr MP5: Huh? I have? Danke, I suppose...

After some small talk, Type 56-1 goes on her way.

Gr MP5: There's this gleam in 56-1's eyes whenever she sees my pig... It's kind of unsettling.

Gr MP5 looks up at the clock, pats the bionic pig on the head, and jumps off the bed.

Gr MP5: Time for your walk.

Gr MP5: Come, Pig. You need more exercise, or you'll grow fatter and fatter until you're too fat to walk.

Gr MP5: Sigh, I've been moving around so much every day, I don't seem to be growing any taller no matter how much milk I drink...

Gr MP5: Hmm... Oh right, I can't keep calling you "Pig". Let's give you a name...

Gr MP5 keeps muttering to herself as she walks the pig out of her dorm.

...In the courtyard.

Gr MP5 sits on the grass and watches as the bionic pig rolls around.

Gr MP5: Can I train you into a well-behaved pet? I should be able to do that, right?

Gr MP5: Though I just don't understand why the Commander randomly decided to leave you with me...

She recalls what happened the other day.

...A few days ago.

In the command center.

Gr MP5 knocks on the door and enters gingerly. She sees the Commander fiddling with a round, white object.

Gr MP5: You wanted to see me, Commander?

Gr MP5: (Hmm? What's that in the Commander's hand...?)

Commander: You're right on time, Gr MP5. I am entrusting you with a very important top secret mission.

Gr MP5: Very important...top secret?

Gr MP5: Y-y-y-you mean that?! Commander, can I finally infiltrate an enemy camp and do recon?! Do you need me to go undercover and scout out some dangerous place?! I can—

Commander: No, I don't mean that kind of secret...

Commander: Here. I just want you to "take care of" this thing.

Before the Commander even finishes the sentence, the plump, white thing is shoved into Gr MP5's arms.

She fumbles to keep a hold on the object...and realizes that her fingers are detecting a faint warmth.

Gr MP5: This... Commander, th-th-this is a real pig!

Gr MP5: By "take care of", you mean you want me to keep it away from the catering team?

Commander: Aha! It has you fooled, too!

Gr MP5: Huh?

Commander: It's a bionic pig. Well? Pretty realistic, isn't it?

Commander: But yeah, you must absolutely not give this pig over to the catering team...because its origin is top secret!

Gr MP5: So it's that kind of secret...

Commander: It's all because of Per—ahem. A certain party asked me to take care of this little guy and observe it for some data or whatever.

Commander: But you know I'm no good at this sort of thing...so I'm leaving it to you! If anyone sees it, just say you picked up a stray! Make sure you take good care of it!

...

Back in the present, Gr MP5 shakes her head vigorously.

Gr MP5: Nein, I mustn't doubt the Commander!

Gr MP5: The Commander must've noticed that I'm now mature enough to be entrusted with an important mission like this! That has to be it!

As Gr MP5 is trying to cheer herself up, a shadow appears on the patch of grass in front of her.

She looks up and finds Type 97S bent over, teasing her bionic pig with a piece of green foxtail.

Gr MP5: Oh! Guten Tag, Hawk.

Type 97S: Early Happy New Year! Hey, you're doing a great job with this pig.

Type 97S: Look, it's so plump and energetic. Well done!

Gr MP5: Uh, well...um, danke...

Type 97S: It's quite funny. We have a pig with us right as the Year of the Pig is coming to an end. Haha, it's a bit late, isn't it?

Type 97S: Oh right, I'd better deliver these supplies to the kitchen. See ya.

Gr MP5 waves at Type 97S's receding figure, then frowns anxiously at the bionic pig lazing in the sun.

Gr MP5: For some reason, whenever Hawk and the others compliment my pig, I get this uneasily feeling...

Gr MP5: I hope they aren't getting any funny ideas about it? I hear they eat everything...

Gr MP5: Nein, I must protect the pig! This is a top secret mission assigned to me by the Commander! I must accomplish it without fail!

...Gr MP5 means it wholeheartedly when she makes this solemn vow.

Unfortunately, life is unpredictable.

Otherwise, Gr MP5 wouldn't be shrieking like this—

Gr MP5: ARGHHHHHHHH!

Gr MP5: WHERE DID IT GO?! WHERE THE HECK IS MY PIG?!

...New Year's Eve.

In the Griffin base.

Gr MP5 stomps the floor in dismay. She has absolutely no idea what to do.

Gr MP5: How could I forget to close the door?!

Gr MP5: I took my eyes off for one second and it ran off...

Gr MP5 dashes around the base, checking every nook and cranny, but there is still no sign of the bionic pig.

She even heads back to her dorm and fills a backpack with the pig's favorite snacks in an attempt to draw it out with the smell.

Gr MP5: Scheiße! The base is busy on Lunar New Year's Eve. It's going to be really hard to find.

Gr MP5: Can't be helped, I'll just have to ask someone...

Gr MP5 looks around, hoping to find some help among the crowd of Dolls wishing each other well.

Gr MP5: Strange... Is the Rescue Fairy not around...?

Gr MP5: That liar. She told me two days ago she'd be delivering face moisturizer on New Year's Eve!

Gr MP5: Without the Rescue Fairy, it's going to take a long time to find the pig!

Just then, a Fairy drifts casually past her. Gr MP5 perks up immediately.

Gr MP5: Um, excuse me, Golden Fairy!

Gr MP5: Please wait up. There's something I'd like to ask you.

The Golden Fairy stops in her tracks and looks back at Gr MP5.

Golden Fairy: Oh? If you're asking me for money, I don't have it. I can barely keep myself warm with my salary.

Golden Fairy: They say winter is getting even colder this year. Tsk, who knows if the central heating in this shabby base can even handle the temperature. Who knows how much cash I'd be burning just to keep warm——

Gr MP5: I'm not asking you for money!

Gr MP5: Ahem. I'm just wondering... Have you seen the Rescue Fairy...or my pig?

Golden Fairy: Tsk, you're bothering the Fairy Queen over something so trivial?

Golden Fairy: The Rescue Fairy is probably getting her beauty sleep right now.

Golden Fairy: And pig, you say? Don't you usually find their meat in the kitchen?

Gr MP5: It's just a piglet, and it's not chopped up...

Golden Fairy: Then I don't know. I haven't seen any piglet or whatever.

Golden Fairy: Is there actually a pig in the base? How unusual. Maybe they'll be keeping a giraffe next year...

The Golden Fairy mutters to herself and drifts off on her own, leaving Gr MP5 behind.

Gr MP5: Huh, Fairy Queen? She's no help at all in the end.

Gr MP5: Hmm... Is that the Taunt Fairy...up on the roof? She must've seen something from that height?

Gr MP5 sees a building ahead of her. She runs toward it and shouts at the roof.

Gr MP5: Taunt Fairy! Can—you—hear—me—?

Taunt Fairy: Huh? You talking to me?

Gr MP5: Have—you—seen—my—pig—?

Taunt Fairy: What? Who are you calling a pig?

Taunt Fairy: I'm not a pig, brat—

Gr MP5: Huh? Nein, I didn't say you're a pig...

Gr MP5: Whoa! Don't throw roof tiles at me—

Gr MP5 flees the scene at top speed.

Gr MP5: That was scary...

Gr MP5: The Commander is right. These Fairies really aren't the most intelligent...

Gr MP5: Sigh. Why has nobody seen my pig?

For some reason, all the unease bottled up in Gr MP5's neural cloud is becoming too hard to ignore. She looks apprehensively in the direction of the kitchen.

Gr MP5: I really don't want to admit there's such a possibility...but if the pig had really been caught and turned into ingredients for the New Year's Eve feast, that would be disastrous!

Gr MP5: Ugh... I should really go and have a look. Maybe it's...s-still alive...

With that, Gr MP5 makes her way somberly to the kitchen.

As she passes through the dormitory buildings, she spots a few familiar figures. She is just about to go up and say hello, and ask if anyone has seen the lost bionic pig, when an exclamation freezes her in her tracks.

Type 64: Oh! You didn't have to bring so many pork sausages with you!

Gr MP5 darts behind the nearby wall almost reflexively. She curls up into a ball to avoid detection and keeps her ears perked as she eavesdrops on the conversation.

Type 56-1: Heheh, I don't usually have much to give you, but it's Spring Festival; I've got to prepare a proper gift...

Type 97S: Yeah, 56-1 has really been putting a lot of work into it these past couple of days!

Type 97S: You know what she's like. She's always munching on whatever she's cooking. When we finally found some leftover pork in the base, I thought she was gonna eat it all by herself!

Gr MP5 skulks in her corner, her neural cloud...becoming a bit unhinged.

Gr MP5: (L-leftover pork... It can't be...)

Type 64: My...thanks so much! Come and have dinner with us tonight! I remember I still have some cured meat—

Type 56-1: Huh? Cured? Why would you eat cured meat during Spring Festival? Besides, your cured meat is barely edible!

Type 64: Hush... You don't have to be so loud. And what's wrong with cured meat?

Type 64: It's totally alright to eat salted pork on the last day of the Year of the Pig!

Behind the wall, Gr MP5 is having a breakdown.

Gr MP5: What do I do...? They must've eaten my pig...

Gr MP5: (Sobs) It got turned into all sorts of cured meat and sausages... (Sobs)

The bereaved Gr MP5 doesn't know what to do. She sits by the wall in a daze, until the sound of Type 64 and Type 56-1's bickering fades into the distance.

The sky gradually darkens. It's already evening, and the street lamps light up, casting a cold, white sheen on Gr MP5.

She slowly gets to her feet and ponders her next step.

Gr MP5: Should I confront them...? But they're all so tall and imposing. It's scary just thinking about it...

Gr MP5: Besides, the Commander said it's a top secret. If I challenge them on the Commander's authority, I'll be betraying the Commander!

Gr MP5 looks down dejectedly.

Gr MP5: I finally have an important assignment, but I still end up botching it...

Gr MP5: I haven't...learned at all...

Bang!

A few fireworks go off all of a sudden. Bright bursts of light illuminate the sapphire sky and the tears on Gr MP5's face, then disappear is a flash.

Gr MP5 sighs.

Gr MP5: The fireworks display has started... I didn't know it's already so late.

Gr MP5: Nevermind. I'll just go back to the dorm for now. There's nothing else to do anyway...

Gr MP5: If it comes to that, I'll ask my mentor to come with me tomorrow when I go question those three, then I'll just apologize to the Commander... (Sobs)

Gr MP5 gives her face a rough rub and starts heading back toward the dorm.

...A few minutes before New Year's.

Outside the T-Doll dormitory.

Gr MP5 drags herself back to her dorm building.

Another round of fireworks explode in the sky. Under the colorful illumination, she suddenly notices someone waiting by her door.

Gr MP5: I hope the Commander hasn't already found out about it and sent her to question me...

Gr MP5: Uh, K5? What are you doing here?

Gr MP5: Huhhh? I-isn't that...?!

Gr MP5 rubs her eyes. In front of her door, there's K5 kneeling on the lawn with a smile, and—

Gr MP5: Pig! It's my pig!

K5: Hush...

K5: Not so loud. It just fell asleep.

Gr MP5 covers her mouth with her hands. After a while, she whispers to K5.

Gr MP5: Why are you here, K5? And how come the pig is also here?

Gr MP5: I was scared to death; I thought it got...it got...

K5: My divination told me it'd be a good idea to go out today, so I came here to make some New Year visits.

K5: But nobody was home except for the piglet, so I ended up staying and playing with it.

Gr MP5: (Sobs) You're the best...!

Gr MP5: I will never forget this!

Gr MP5: (The pig was home? So it was never lost in the first place...?)

K5: Ha... I didn't know the piglet is yours though.

K5: You've taken really good care of it.

Gr MP5: That's what everybody said...

Gr MP5: W-wait, whenever someone says that, they're always staring at it really hard, and there's always this creepy glint in their eyes!

Gr MP5: Fräulein K5, a-are you also...?

Gr MP5 gets flustered and surreptitiously moves herself closer to the sleeping pig.

K5 watches her and lets out a soft giggle.

K5: You really do care a lot about your pet, don't you, Gr MP5-ssi? I'm not going to eat it. My divination also says my luck will improve if I don't eat pork for a month.

K5: I know it's a bit strange...but nevermind. I'm sure this is the work of fate.

Gr MP5 nods vigorously.

Gr MP5: Ja! Thank goodness for that! And thank goodness for you...!

Gr MP5: (Sobs) Thank goodness for fortune-telling! K5's divinations are the best!

...The ringing of the bell marks the beginning of a new year full of uncertainty.

As the bell tolls on, fireworks are launched into the sky one after the other, as if they refuse to let the night sky darken.

Beneath the airborne spectacle, Gr MP5 and K5 sit together on the lawn outside the dorm. As Gr MP5 watches the fireworks, she strokes the sleeping bionic pig gently.

Gr MP5: (This year, I hope I'll grow even stronger and get assigned even more important missions!)

Gr MP5: (Not eating pork can improve one's luck? Come to think of it, do T-Dolls even eat bionic pork?)

Type 97S: Hey, Gr MP5! Come and try our fresh cured sausage!

Type 97S: I'm sure it tastes completely different than what you're used to!

Gr MP5: Coming!

Gr MP5: (Whatever. I guess I'll just ask the Commander tomorrow morning. ♪)