NTW-20: Welcome, Com...dear customer.

Commander: Ahem...good afternoon.

I arrive at the cafe entrance to see NTW doing her best to play the role of a maid.

I don't want to upset her, so I let her guide me to a window seat.

NTW-20: What would you like to order, Com...I mean, dear customer. How about a cup of afternoon tea?

NTW-20: Or would you like to consult the menu first? We have many...

Commander: Relax a little, NTW. Just call me Commander.

NTW-20: ...Gotcha, Commander!

Commander: Well, maybe not that relaxed...

NTW looks visibly relaxed after receiving the permission to do so.

She wheels a food service cart over to me and bows with a smile on her face.

NTW-20: Now then, Commander, welcome to our cafe. What would you like?

Commander: I'll just have a cup of black tea...

Commander: I'm not familiar with all these weird names, did you come up with them?

NTW-20: Very well, Commander. As it happens, I've been practicing tea-brewing recently. You must sample the fruits of my hard work!

Commander: Is that so? Well, if you specially practiced for it, then I'd like to give it a taste.

Commander: I'll leave it to you, NTW.

NTW-20: Understood. I shall serve you my finest afternoon tea.

The fragrance of black tea spreads as she works her hands.

She must have put in a lot of practice, given her fluid movements.

NTW-20: Alright, it's done.

Commander: It looks good. Now then...

NTW-20: A moment please, Commander!

Commander: What is it?

NTW-20: This might sound a little sudden, but please allow me to taste-test it for you.

Commander: Why? Not confident in yourself?

NTW-20: You would not be wrong to say so.

NTW-20: As you can see, I'm not good at things outside of combat, and this is my first time taking on the challenge of brewing tea.

NTW-20: However, since I'm making it for you, I'd like to make it as good as possible.

Commander: I-I see... Alright then.

NTW-20: Let me have a taste...

NTW-20: Hmm, I think I put in too little sugar.

NTW-20: No, in that case, I'd need more tea leaves.

NTW-20: ...But then the taste would be too rich. Please let me brew a new cup for you.

Commander: (So she hasn't perfected it yet, huh...)

Commander: Alright, go ahead.

NTW-20: But it tastes too bland this time, it needs more adjustment.

NTW-20: ...No, this won't do, it doesn't taste right either...

Twenty minutes later.

Commander: NTW...isn't it done yet?

NTW-20: I'm sorry, I think it still needs some adjustments...

Commander: That's fine, I have faith in the results of your training.

Commander: Also, I really am getting a little thirsty, so don't worry so much and just give it to me.

NTW-20: Alright, please let me try one last time!

NTW-20: ...Um, this one is a little sloppy, but I hope you like it.

Commander: Thank you, NTW.

Commander: Let me give it a little taste...

Commander: Hm...

NTW-20: How is it, Commander? How does the tea taste?

Commander: (Frankly speaking, the taste is quite ordinary; I can't tell the difference between it and the stuff made from a teabag...but I can't say that, right?)

Commander: I think...it's above average.

Commander: But I don't know this sort of thing too well, so all I can say is that I have no problems drinking it.

NTW-20: So you're saying it could be better?

NTW-20: Honestly, I think it's tastes pretty good to me.

Commander: Don't beat yourself up over it. I think it's alright as long as it's drinkable.

NTW-20: You don't need to console me either. I understand that you're trying to spare my feelings, am I correct?

NTW taps the side of the saucer with her fingertip.

NTW-20: Perhaps it's because the sensory organs of Dolls differ from those of humans.

NTW-20: However closely our appearances mimic those of human beings, we still differ in many areas.

Commander: It's definitely possible there might be a discrepancy in our senses.

Commander: Come to think of it, I find the chocolate that FNC eats to be very bitter, but she thinks it's very sweet.

NTW-20: (Sighs) ...This is hard.

Commander: Are you talking about getting tea to taste right?

NTW-20: Yes, it's much more difficult than fighting.

NTW-20: In battle, all we need is precision and firepower, but tea is different.

Commander: Yes, it's very difficult to cater to everyone's tastes.

NTW-20: I would like to train myself to Gr G36's level of skill, or at least to approach her in this field...

NTW-20: Perhaps this experience...could be useful for reference in combat.

NTW-20: What do you think, Commander?

Commander: Gr G36 is already very hard on herself. I don't think you need to go that far.

NTW-20: What do you mean by that?

Commander: I don't know much about making tea, but I think being able to make tea that most people enjoy is good enough.

Commander: As for the problem of ingredients that you're grappling with, cafes in the past would provide a variety of choices and let the customers decide what they wanted.

NTW-20: I didn't know you could do that!

NTW-20: I expected nothing less of you, Commander, you showed me the way in an instant.

Commander: I'm glad I gave you some insight. Now then, I'll be heading off...

NTW-20: Please wait!

NTW-20: Commander, if you're free, please come here for tea while I'm training over the next few days!

NTW-20: In fact, it would be best if you could come every day!

Commander: Ah?

Commander: You want me to...taste test?

NTW-20: Yes! If you, as a human, feel it's acceptable, then surely it should be fine for other humans!

NTW-20: This is very important, so you have to come.

Commander: Er...

NTW suddenly rises to her feet, looking a little embarrassed.

NTW-20: Sorry, Commander, please excuse me...

Commander: Ah? Alright.

Gepard M1: NTW? Where are you going?

Gepard M1: ...That's the Doll's restroom.

NTW-20: That's why I need to go—

Gepard M1: What...is it break time already?

NTW vanishes into the other end of the cafe.

She left so quickly that I had no time to give her a reply...

Crap, doesn't that mean I'd have to come over every day?

...Was I too hasty when I said I'd help them with their training?

Doubts begin to creep into my mind as I face the service cart sitting in front of me.

Oh well, we'll just have to prepare ourselves for this so we can overcome this challenge together...