OTs-14: ...Did I oversleep?

OTs-14 opens her eyes and sits up on her bed. She looks around at the empty beds around her and breathes a sigh of relief.

OTs-14: Doesn't look like it.

OTs-14: The others have all used the Spring Festival as an excuse to go out for dinner and drinks.

OTs-14: I'm guessing they won't return until it's very late or even morning... Perfectly fine by me.

She walks over to her wardrobe, punches in the passcode, and takes out a package sealed securely in a waterproof bag.

OTs-14: The Commander really does know my measurements. This tailor-made dress fits me just right.

OTs-14: The Commander was grumbling about how I didn't put it on right away...

OTs-14: But it'd be such a waste to just throw on such an important gift for no apparent reason.

OTs-14 studies her own reflection wearing the qipao-inspired dress in the mirror, then, based on her self-determined aesthetics, picks out a fur scarf, gloves, and accessories to complete her "arsenal".

OTs-14: Xорошо, flawless.

OTs-14: Though it's a joy to share nice wine with others, sometimes enjoying a drink alone is a kind of luxury, too.

OTs-14: It's also great to travel every now and then. It may not be possible to actually leave and run to the other side of the planet...

OTs-14: ...but going on a getaway in a neighboring city and enjoying a night all to myself sounds like a pretty good idea as well.

As a Griffin Tactical Doll and the leader of a team...

...who also enjoys living life at her own pace, OTs-14 has been waiting for this for a long time.

An opportunity to temporarily let go of all responsibilities and throw herself into joyous abandon.

OTs-14: And finally, this lacquered trunk ordered especially for the festivity. With that, all the preparations are...

Knock, knock!

OTs-14: A delivery at this hour?

OTs-14 opens the door hesitantly and finds two Griffin T-Dolls outside her dorm.

A dazzling lantern in hand, one of them greets her cheerfully.

m45: Happy New Year! We're giving you an early New Year visit! Let's take care of each other in the coming year, too!

OTs-14: ...Sorry?

At OTs-14's stony response, m45 pauses uncertainly, then offers another bright smile.

m45: Um, you know, it's the Spring Festival! Lunar New Year! Happy Year of the Pig!

OTs-14: Nyet, I understood every word you said; I didn't mean to make you repeat yourself.

OTs-14: It's just... why now?

m45: Well, I did say it's an early New Year visit...

OTs-14: It doesn't have to be THIS early, does it? It's just past midnight.

m45: Well, um...

m45: W-What do I do now? Groza is even sterner than I thought. (Whispers)

OTs-14: Not all flowers will bloom to welcome spring; there is no need to wish so hard for that.

OTs-14: So, are you carrying out some kind of special mission?

OTs-14: Let me guess, Commander's orders?

m45: Yes, uh... The Commander has asked me to visit all the T-Dolls in the base and give them a New Year present. It's some bread that I made myself.

OTs-14: So kind to the point of being meddlesome. That's exactly like the Commander.

m45: I'm glad you understand...!

m45: And as expected of you, Groza. You've dressed up so properly for New Year's Day. The other T-Dolls really could learn a thing or two from you about etiquette.

m45: I'm very happy to have run into you. Seeing you makes me realize I'm not the only one who has worked very hard to prepare for this day!

OTs-14: Nyet, this is...

OTs-14: A-Anyway, you still have to complete your mission, right? Then I'll be taking the gift. Good luck.

OTs-14 grabs the gift and hurriedly shuts the door.

m45: Somehow, she seemed a bit desperate to end the conversation right then and there.

m45: Did I cause her any distress?

m45: Maybe she's dressed like that for some important guest?

OTs-14: ...Guess I'll just put this away for now.

Knock, knock!

OTs-14: Again?

She shoves the bread she just received to one side and opens the door again.

The moment she does, an overwhelming smell assaults her nose.

OTs-14: That's a really strong smell... It doesn't stink and actually smells nice, but still...

OTs-14: Good evening. How may I help you?

Type 56-1: The Dog has completed its watch, and the Pig ushers in a new and prosperous year! Happy New Year!

Type 97S: May the God of Wealth grace you with a visit and the auspicious Pig come through your door! Happy New Year!

OTs-14: I understand the last bit, but what do you mean by the first part?

Type 56-1: We're wishing you wealth, a pay raise, and good fortune!

OTs-14: ...Spasibo.

OTs-14: What's that you're holding?

Type 97S: These? They're our homemade smoked sausages.

Type 56-1: 100% natural pork with no chemical composites and or artificial seasoning! The fresh and rich aroma can be smelled from miles away!

OTs-14: Are you peddling...?

Type 97S: Why would we be peddlers? We wouldn't dream of asking you for money; we're colleagues! These are your New Year gift.

OTs-14: But our fridge is running out of space.

Type 56-1: Don't worry, these can be stored in room temperature for a really long time.

Type 56-1: Besides, you can use them for making sausage fried rice, glutinous rice sausages, sausage rolls, or even sausage and beer casserole!

Type 56-1: I hear you're very good at cooking yourself, Groza. I'm sure you can make something that suits the Commander's palate out of them!

OTs-14: Then why don't you cook for the Commander yourselves?

Type 56-1: Well...

Type 97S: I mean...

The two visitors study OTs-14 from head to toe.

Type 97S: You'd probably do a better job?

Type 56-1: Yeah, it's absolutely perfect. Even I can't stop myself from looking.

OTs-14: I have no idea what you two are thinking about, nor do I want to know...

OTs-14: But I'll be taking these. Happy New Year.

OTs-14 gives up and accepts the present with a strong and unique aroma, then shoves it into the kitchen cabinet.

OTs-14: This won't do. Let's not dawdle any further, and set off right away.

Knock, knock, knock, knock!

OTs-14: ...

OTs-14 has never felt so out of her depth since her employment at Griffin, or perhaps even since her creation.

But even so, she answers the door.

Mosin-Nagant: Hey, tovarisch! I've brought you a tea brick.

Mosin-Nagant: We may be on different teams now, but do come by for a nice cup of tea every now and then!

SKS: Is AK-47 out? Thank goodness you're here. Please accept this present on her behalf...

SKS: Oh, I've got one for you too, of course.

Makarov: We'll be counting on you in the coming year as well, OTs-14.

Makarov: After all, not just any T-Doll deserves a special visit like this... Let's both do our best.

T-Dolls come incessantly one after another, group after group, to visit OTs-14 and offer their New Year gifts.

Though most of them didn't actually prepare anything and only remembered it was Lunar New Year today after m45 had knocked on their door past midnight...

Still, a lot of T-Dolls followed suit and joined in on the occasion.

OTs-14 takes it all in stride. She accepts gift after gift and shakes hands with all her visitors to show her thanks.

Time flies, and before she knows it, the sun has already risen.

AK-47: I had a blast! It was so much fun visiting the neighbors and chatting with them!

SVD: But going from door to door till the sun comes up is exhausting.

SVD: ...Whoa!

SV-98: What is it, SVD?

SV-98: ...Wow.

At the sight of the massive pile of gifts in the dorm and an OTs-14 hard at work trying to sort them into categories, her teammates' eyes widen in shock.

SVD: So many gifts! Groza, you're way too popular! Give some to me!

OTs-14: You're back? Perfect. I'll be going to bed once I finish sorting them out. Sigh...

AK-47: Why the heavy sigh? It's a day of joy and celebration!

OTs-14: I suppose things don't always go the way one wants.

AK-47: Is... something wrong?

OTs-14: Not really, I simply don't understand why everyone came running to me with gifts.

OTs-14: There must be better things to do.

SV-98: That's because you're super dependable, Groza.

SVD: Rather than dependable, I say it's more like Groza is really easy-going and helpful.

SVD: She throws harsh criticisms right at your face and they all hit home, but that's exactly why she's always so useful to have around.

SVD: Anyone who knows OTs-14 would want to shove their work to her, right?

AK-47: Da, my thoughts exactly.

SV-98: How could you say that, SVD?! And you, too, AK-47!

SVD: I'm not being sarcastic at all. Groza is amazing; I mean it.

SVD: There are so many losers at Griffin who can't do anything about the situation even if you ask them for help...

SVD: On the other hand, if you ever have any trouble, get OTs-14 and she'll solve the problem quickly and effectively.

OTs-14: But I don't really go out of my way to help anyone.

SV-98: That brisk and direct attitude of yours is precisely what makes you so dependable!

SV-98: You don't always offer your hand. You're like a predator - you only make a move when success is guaranteed!

SV-98: That's the kind of professional vibe you give off.

OTs-14: It may simply be that I hide my failures well.

AK-47: Nonsense! If no one sees them, they might as well never have happened, right?

SVD: Oooh, such wise and philosophical words from AK-47.

SVD: Is it because of the booze, or has the real AK-47 been kidnapped by Sangvis Ferri and replaced by a fake?

AK-47: Whaaaat? I do think with my neural cloud before I open my mouth, okay?!

Her teammates all put down their belongings and climb into bed. OTs-14 stares at her trunk standing right beside the wall.

OTs-14: Looks like this little trip of mine has to be postponed due to a flight delay.

OTs-14: Still...

She lets her gaze drift over to the mountain of New Year gifts and recalls what her teammates just said about her, and a faint smile appears on her impassive face.

OTs-14: Others depend on me?

OTs-14: While it cost me some luxurious "me" time, I suppose it's not too bad of a deal.