Commander: Thank you for your hard work.

JS9: Just doing my job.

JS9: Once we send away this batch of products, We'll be done wrapping things up.

JS9: What do you plan to do next, Commander?

Commander: Next? I didn't give that much thought, I guess I'll do whatever needs doing.

Commander: Most of the work was done by the time I arrived, so I wasn't much help.

Commander: I'm actually wondering about how to make it up to you.

JS9: You're overthinking this. It was our job in the first place.

JS9: However, if you want to do something, why not make a circuit around the venue?

JS9: If you see any resting Dolls, give them a little bit of praise and encouragement.

JS9: I'm sure everyone would appreciate it.

Commander: You're right. Things being what they are now, that's about all I can do.

Commander: Are the other Dolls all resting?

JS9: Yes. PKP and SPP-1 are still taking care of things in their area, but the others should be taking a break.

Commander: In that case, I'll go take a walk around the convention center. After all, I haven't had a chance to see how you all set your places up.

Commander: Now that the work here is pretty much done, you should go relax and take a break too, JS9.

JS9: Thank you for your concern, Commander. I will.

Commander: Hm? Isn't that...

Commander: T91!

T91: Hm?...?

T91: Ah, C-Commander!

Commander: ...Why so tense?

Commander: Have you finished your work too, T91?

T91: M-me, tense? No, you must be imagining things, Commander. You just startled me.

T91: My work is finished, so I'm wondering if I should help take out the trash.

T91: What are you doing walking around here, Commander?

Commander: You don't have to be so startled... I'm just taking a casual stroll.

Commander: I saw that everyone was almost done with their work so I wanted to have a look around and thank you all for your hard work along the way.

T91: Really? You're too kind, Commander.

T91: I also bought some bubble tea for everyone while they were busy. I hope it helped relieve their fatigue.

Commander: That's pretty good, isn't it? I heard from JS9 that you were in charge of the overall planning. Well done.

Commander: Do you know where the others are now?

T91: MG34 is in the reception team, and she mainly hangs around the entrance. She made a cart and is wondering about how to bring it back to Griffin.

T91: The three people in the furniture sales team should be inside the main hall. Most of the furniture there has been sold off, so it should be easy for you to find them if you head over, Commander.

T91: PKP and SPP-1 from the furniture transport and packing team ought to be near the back door.

Commander: You're really on top of things.

Commander: I received a call from EM-2 when I got off the plane. It seems things went well on her end.

Commander: I wonder how the other two groups are doing...

The Commander suddenly realizes something.

Commander: ...Hm?

Commander: What about PA-15? You didn't mention her, did you?

T91: ...

Commander: T91?

T91: P-PA-15? I-I'm not too sure where she is.

T91: Would you like to go outside and take a look?

Commander: PA-15 is in charge of logistics management, right? What's she doing outside...

Commander: ...Are you hiding something from me?

T91: Oh no, I suddenly remembered that I forgot to buy bubble tea for JS9!

T91: It would look like I was bullying her if she's the only one who doesn't get one, right?

T91: Need to dash, Commander!

Commander: Hey! Wait up—

Commander: She ran off too fast... Something's fishy.

Commander: Come to think of it, I haven't seen PA-15 around ever since I came here.

Commander: Did she mess up again?

The Commander stands on the spot and ponders the possibilities.

Commander: I should go look for her, just in case.

Commander: If she's in charge of logistics management... That means she should be in the warehouse, right?

Commander: I thought you might be hiding...

Commander: Still, I didn't expect you to hide so well. Finding you took a long time.

PA-15: I'm just resting here. Why have you gone to such trouble to find me?

PA-15: You didn't strike me as a stalker, Commander.

Commander: Spare me the nonsense.

Commander: I just came over to check on you because I was worried you'd have a hard time with a job like this, given your personality.

PA-15: You sound like you know me very well, Commander.

PA-15: Good, good, I don't mind that excuse.

PA-15: In that case, I'll take your concern at face value.

Commander: Understanding all of you is part of my job.

Commander: Are you tired? I hardly ever see you this well-behaved.

Commander: In fact, I can't believe you haven't even played a single prank yet.

PA-15: Were you looking forward to one?

Commander: Don't be silly.

PA-15: Aw, what the heck, you're so dull.

Commander: So you do think logistics is boring, don't you?

PA-15: Of course it is, I'm bored out of my skull.

PA-15: How can anyone enjoy this sort of thing?

Commander: I knew you'd say that, but it can't be helped. We're short-staffed, after all.

Commander: That said, you still completed all your tasks. That's worthy of praise.

Commander: Want to have some fun together? I'll keep you company for a while, as compensation.

PA-15: Ooooh... I didn't expect the sneaky Commander to make such an offer.

PA-15: How touching.

PA-15: Suddenly, it feels like it was all worth it.

Commander: Then...

PA-15: But I refuse.

Commander: ...What?

PA-15: Didn't you hear me? Then let me repeat, Commander.

PA-15: While I appreciate your concern, I'll have to refuse your offer.

PA-15: Right now, I'm not in the mood to play around. I just want to have a good rest, so maybe another day.

Commander: ...

The Commander studies PA-15 for a bit but perceives nothing strange.

Commander: ...I see. Take a break, then.

Commander: I'll send someone over to fetch you when we're leaving.

PA-15: Sure thing, and thanks, Commander!

PA-15: Still, I made a note of that proposition just now. I'm taking a rain check on it for the moment, but I'll come to collect it in the future.

Commander: ...Alright, then. I'll go check on the other teams.

The Commander leaves after a final show of concern.

PA-15 covers her face with her fan, eyes trained on the Commander's receding back.

She doesn't blink until the figure vanishes from sight.

PA-15: ...

PA-15: ...Ah, that was close.

PA-15: I didn't give anything away, did I?

PA-15 sighs deeply in relief, then gets up gingerly from her seat.

The chair wobbles below her; it's clearly not something PA-15's body weight could have caused.

PA-15: —Aaaah, don't fall apart! It took a lot of work to fix you up!

Fortunately, the chair only creaks a little.

PA-15: Whew...thank goodness.

PA-15: I've hidden it for an entire day, I can't let something happen now...

As PA-15 looks at the unsteady chair, she recalls the events that took place earlier.

...They are...unforgettable, to say the least.

After T91 heads out to distribute everyone's rations, PA-15 is left alone in the warehouse to watch over the stored supplies.

PA-15: Watch over this stuff... Really? Would anyone even be interested in these things?

PA-15: Furniture, rations, fireworks, none of these would be a burglar's first choice.

PA-15: Granted, this furniture is all pretty valuable, but who would want to take something that's so hard to transport?

PA-15: And that's to say nothing of the rations; thieves usually wouldn't go out of their way to steal food, right?

PA-15: ...

PA-15: Which means, it must be this, then?

PA-15 looks at the pile of fireworks and her boredom begins to melt away.

PA-15: I'll bet nobody's going to steal the fireworks either, but it would be terrible if they caught fire and exploded by accident.

PA-15: Even though I know it would be a beautiful sight.

PA-15 suddenly imagines the spectacular display of the fireworks going off.

If only she could have such lovely pyrotechnics go off behind her...

PA-15: If I tied the most powerful fireworks to the chair...

PA-15: It would be really pretty, right? But wouldn't that be a little dangerous?

PA-15 stares at the mountain of fireworks, and the "wickedness" inside her heart grows and swells.

PA-15: ...It's their fault for making me bored.

PA-15: Let's give it a try, then.

Soon, PA-15 has fastened assorted fireworks all over the chair.

To PA-15, it's only natural that if she's going to do it, she's going to make it as spectacular as possible.

PA-15: While I've already set aside the fireworks I'm not using, this is still a ridiculous amount.

PA-15: I wonder what T91 would say if she knew about this.

T91: PA-15, I'm back—

T91: —What the hell are you doing?!

PA-15: Oh, you're back, T91.

PA-15: What am I doing...? Isn't it obvious?

PA-15: I'm entertaining myself.

T91: Alright, I get it.

T91: You can have all the bubble tea, please just calm down.

PA-15: Why are you being so polite to me all of a sudden?

PA-15: Is what I'm doing really dangerous or something?

T91: ...OF COURSE it is! Please, stop, I'm begging you!

T91: I only stepped out for a bit, how did things escalate so quickly?!

PA-15: I see, so it IS pretty dangerous.

T91: ...Forget it, the important thing is that you understand.

PA-15 lights the fuse.

T91: NO!

T91: Why are you doing this?!

PA-15: Well, isn't it natural to want to do something when other people tell you it's dangerous?

T91: How is that natural...ah.

PA-15: Oh dear.

...

The burning fuse vanishes into the body of the fireworks. There is a moment of silence.

Then...

Snap! Crackle! Pop!

T91: Uwaaaahhhhh!

PA-15: Oho... This is a little...ahaha.

PA-15: Not just a little, it's SUPER exciting!

T91: Quit laughing! If you pile this many fireworks and light them all at once, they're going to explode—

As soon as she realizes that, T91's outstanding reflexes immediately spring into action.

She reaches behind herself and closes the door to the provisional warehouse.

Then...

—Boom!

...A scene of utter devastation.

PA-15: Ow ow ow... Hm, that WAS pretty dangerous after all.

T91: If...

PA-15: Ah?

T91: If you knew that, then you shouldn't have done it!

PA-15: Aw... Alright, I shouldn't have done that, don't be mad.

PA-15: You've got such a pretty face, it's already enough of a shame that it's all coated in soot and dust.

PA-15: Let's not make it worse by scrunching it up with that frown.

T91: And whose fault is it that my face is covered in soot?!

T91: Honestly... I'm so mad I don't even know what I should say.

T91: ...Oh.

PA-15: ...Hm?

T91: ...Doesn't this debris look a little familiar?

PA-15: That's my chair, right?

T91: You mean they USED TO BE your chair!

T91: Ah... This is terrible...

PA-15: Relax, relax...

T91: Why are YOU comforting me instead...?!

T91: You should be the one panicking now.

PA-15: That's why I'm sucking up to you.

T91: I just...

T91: I just don't know what to do with you...

PA-15: That bang just now was pretty loud. If we draw the other Dolls over, it'll only add to everyone's workload.

PA-15: Even if I say I want to take responsibility for it myself, they'll definitely try to pitch in.

T91: ...

T91: ...I'll help you divert their attention.

T91: During that time, make sure you clean everything up!

T91: Also! Make sure you piece that chair back together!

PA-15: For real? What a taskmaster.

T91: No ifs or buts!

PA-15: Fine, then I'll leave the other matter to you.

PA-15: Miss Accomplice.

T91: Shut up!

T91: If you say one more word, you can take care of everything by yourself!

...

PA-15: ...Now that I think about it, she really laid it into me.

PA-15: Still, it can't be helped. It's true that I did go a little overboard. Good thing I moved most of the fireworks to a safe place.

PA-15: Otherwise, I bet the entire warehouse would have exploded if they'd all gone off at once.

PA-15 rubs her aching waist and looks at the now spotless warehouse, so thoroughly cleaned up that not a trace of what happened earlier remains.

PA-15: Fortunately T91 pitched in too, that saved a lot of time... Otherwise I don't know if I could have cleaned it all up.

PA-15: Also, the Commander looked pretty suspicious of me back there. Good thing I bluffed my way through.

PA-15: If the Commander knew that I did something like that, I'd be lucky if all I got was being grounded.

PA-15: Still, it's a shame. I could have accepted the Commander's reward if I had been a little more honest.

If she had been a little better behaved, she wouldn't have gone through such a terrible experience.

Plus, she missed out on a chance to have the Commander indulge her without complaint. That was quite a loss.

PA-15: Hm...

PA-15 looks at the battered chair as and she replayed what happened when the fireworks went off.

...Could she really have behaved a little better?

PA-15: ...Nah.

PA-15: Experiences like these don't come by often. I wouldn't trade it for anything.

PA-15 raises her hand fan to cover her mouth as it curls up into a smile.

If she were better-behaved, would she really be herself?

Having such an exhilarating experience was hardly a loss.

She now understands what she's done wrong, but she'll do it again anyway.

That's what makes thrill seekers so chic, right?