...

At the furniture packing point.

After receiving an order, PKP immediately proceeds to the packing point, but she is surprised to encounter someone else there.

PKP: You're early.

SPP-1: I... ? What's wrong, PKP?

PKP: Never mind.

SPP-1: Then why are you keeping your distance?

SPP-1: Do you not like working with me?

PKP: No, I'm just used to being by myself. Don't worry about it.

SPP-1: I-I see... In that case, nice working with you!

PKP: Likewise.

The two of them begin setting out packing materials to process the upcoming orders from the customers. SPP-1 nearly ends up bumping into PKP a few times, but PKP nimbly avoids those collisions.

Perhaps because of the awkwardness, SPP-1 attempts to initiate some small talk with PKP.

SPP-1: Not getting new clothes?

PKP: I've got enough outfits. I don't need any more.

PKP: Also, there were no suitable clothes for me in this batch of samples, so I decided to make do with this.

SPP-1: Not a single one?

SPP-1: As I recall, you were looking at the dark blue one for a long time.

PKP: The color was excellent, but it was just too long.

SPP-1: You really are a perfectionist in every field...

PKP: Which is why you shouldn't be spending time at work on idle banter.

PKP: Move aside, I'm getting something.

SPP-1: Uh, okay...

It doesn't take long for SPP-1 to realize that she's only been getting in PKP's way and slowing her down, so she just quietly steps aside.

PKP watches as she climbs into a nearby fish tank and breathes an inward sigh of relief.

PKP: At last, I can work unhindered.

PKP: Customer No. 4 has just arrived, as it happens...

Customer No. 4: Hi, can I change the packaging on this?

PKP: What do you mean?

Customer No. 4: I was planning to have this delivered directly to my new home, but this packaging is way too bulky.

Customer No. 4: Could you size it down a little and make it more festive while you're at it?

PKP: Simple, yet festive, hm?

PKP: Understood.

PKP turns around to scan the materials on the shelf and considers her options, then she gets to work.

PKP: The gilded R2 paper is no good, so I'll switch to a PU wrap for the corners of the article and add some gold decorations...

PKP: I'll go with a subdued reddish-brown color as a base, then add the packing material...

PKP: Customer No. 4, please come and collect your package.

Customer No. 4: Wow, this is really good!

PKP: Alright, next please.

Customer No. 5: Um, I'd like to wrap this up as a present.

PKP: How would you like to wrap it up?

Customer No. 5: Hm... I'd like to make up with him, but I don't want that idiot to think I'm sucking up to him.

Customer No. 5: It would be great if it looks really classy but also comes off as a little aloof!

PKP: Exquisite yet cold. Then let's go with a cool color palette. B-3 should do...

PKP: And I need to mind the corners while wrapping it...

PKP: Customer No. 5, please come and collect your package.

Customer No. 6: I want to give this to a friend and I don't want him to guess what's inside!

Customer No. 7: I'm giving this to my parents, so it has to look dignified...

...

As more and more customers come in, PKP swiftly computes the ideal solution for each request while wrapping as quickly as possible.

However, even someone like her is starting to feel the strain from extended periods of demanding work.

PKP: At first I thought this would be a simple job, but I didn't expect humans to be so troublesome...

PKP: Having to take care of all kinds of requests is no less tiring than a sustained battle.

Thanks to PKP's unremitting efforts, the number of customers in line has greatly decreased.

PKP takes advantage of the time spent sorting out the materials shelves to breathe a sigh of relief.

That's when a question occurs to her.

PKP: There were so many people queuing up just now, so why didn't I hear a single complaint?

Passerby: Awesome! Do another flip!

PKP: A flip?

She straightens up and tries to see beyond the incredibly dense crowd.

The fish tank that was empty just a while ago is now filled with water. SPP-1 is swimming in it, her supple body undulating through the water with beauty and grace.

PKP: No wonder nobody was rushing me just now... Thanks for the assist, SPP-1.

PKP: I'd better pick up the pace too. I mustn't rely too much on her.

PKP: Customer No. 150, please collect your themed package.

Customer No. 150: Ah... Oh, is it my turn already?

Customer No. 150: Coming!

...

By the time I reach the packaging area, PKP's work is almost finished.

She gives me a nod as I walk up to her, then moves past me to work on the next order.

Commander: How was work today?

PKP: Who do you think you're talking to? The moment I was assigned this task, it was destined to be flawlessly completed.

PKP: Customer No. 172, please collect your package.

Passerby: How creative! Well done, well done.

Commander: Everyone seems satisfied.

PKP: But of course.

PKP: Although each client's requirements are different, the mark of an elite Doll is the ability to perfectly fulfill each of them.

Commander: I expected nothing less of you.

Commander: Come to think of it, I heard you didn't buy any new clothes. Why is that?

PKP: There was nothing which met my requirements.

Commander: How about taking a look at the next batch?

PKP: That would be next year, so there's even less need for that.

PKP: More importantly, these lanterns have already been used, so I'd like to take them considering they're unsaleable now.

Commander: Certainly. What do you want to do with them?

PKP: I think I could use them for the lantern party.

Commander: By all means.

Customer: Is it my turn yet?

PKP: A moment please, I'm finishing up.

Commander: I won't disturb you, then. Just make sure you wrap things up neatly.

PKP: Of course.

However, in an ironic turn of events...

Just as PKP finishes wrapping up the last piece of furniture, a dull pounding draws her attention.

She immediately turns to the source of the sound.

SPP-1 is thrashing around in the fish tank as though she's in pain, and the ring around her ankle flashes erratically.

PKP: Did she short-circuit?

PKP: I need to rescue her immediately... Where's the life ring?

PKP: No, it won't be enough.

There's no time to think further. After tossing out the life ring, PKP instinctively raises her gun and puts several shots into the side of the tank.

The water only flows out tot the side and not a single drop splashes onto the Commander. Meanwhile, the water level drops rapidly.

Evidently, things are under control...but the water on the ground presents a new problem.

PKP: ...

Commander: PKP?

PKP: Please go check on SPP-1. I'll think of a way to get rid of the water on the ground.

...

It's late at night by the time the Dolls return to Griffin.

After finishing the after-action reports for the day, PKP feels the fatigue wash over her - an unusual occurrence.

Of course, she can't rest right away... Because someone is waiting just outside her dorm room.

SPP-1: PKP, you're back!

PKP: What's the matter?

SPP-1: Here's a gift of apology, please accept it!

PKP: Apology?

SPP-1: I mean, it's about what happened earlier...

PKP: No need for that. You just need to understand that if you can't keep up with me, you should simply wait on the sidelines and don't cause any trouble by trying to handle things that you're not good at.

SPP-1: I know I caused you trouble before, but this time I was doing something that I'm good at!

SPP-1: Also, don't tell me you're going to wear these old things to tonight's lantern party?

PKP: I don't intend to go.

SPP-1: But you were planning to go!

SPP-1: Let me help you out by doing something I can manage. This is a token of thanks.

PKP looks down, at the box SPP-1 is holding.

PKP: A dress?

PKP: How do you know I'll like it?

SPP-1: I just do.

SPP-1: In any case, try it on! Please!

PKP: Alright.

SPP-1: How is it how is it? Do you like it?

PKP: Surprisingly enough...it fits me very well.

SPP-1: I know, right? And it really suits you.

PKP: Did you make it by hand?

SPP-1: I redesigned it myself.

SPP-1: You said it was too long, so I asked a Doll who's a good seamstress to shorten it and added the embroidery.

PKP: ...It's too short now.

SPP-1: Ehhh, so I went too far... But you didn't say how short you wanted it to be...

PKP: That's fine. This is acceptable.

...That night, at the lantern party.

I thought PKP wouldn't be attending, but then I spot a familiar silver-haired figure in a corner of the gathering.

Commander: PKP?

PKP: Good evening, Commander.

Commander: Did you buy this dress?

PKP: No, SPP-1 gave it to me as a "gift of apology".

PKP: This is the first time I'm wearing clothes given to me by someone apart from you, Commander. It feels strange...

Commander: I think it suits you very well.

Commander: No wonder SPP-1 borrowed so much money from me... This outfit couldn't have been cheap.

Commander: How does it feel to receive a gift from someone else?

PKP: I told you, it's strange.

PKP: She can do very well in her field of specialty, yet she insisted on helping me with things that are beyond her skill set. I find that puzzling.

Commander: How will you know whether you'll succeed at something if you don't give it a try?

PKP: A Doll's strengths and weaknesses are all predetermined. We don't have to TRY things out to know our limitations.

PKP: She is small in stature and not physically robust. It's easy to tell that she's not suited to wrapping furniture.

Commander: Perhaps it's in her nature to explore and experiment.

PKP: Those things are a hindrance in the workplace.

PKP: ...Still, she did very well when she was in her element.

Commander: You're not mad that she held you back?

PKP: I was never angry about that.

PKP: It was nothing more than a small hassle. I can deal with those.

Commander: Excellent.

Commander: Oh yes, do you know the last performance on tonight's program?

PKP: The last performance? Is there one?

Commander: It's a last-minute addition. A certain Doll was inspired by something that happened to her while she was working and came up with an underwater dance.

Commander: And the dance is called...

Commander: "Blue Lotus Night".

PKP: ...

Commander: Want to watch?

PKP stares at me as she fidgets with her hair.

PKP: ...Let's go.