At the Griffin Base, inside the operations command room.

PKP: PKP reporting for duty, Commander.

PKP: My status readings are at 100% and I am ready to move out at any time. Please inform me of the target I am to destroy.

Commander: Your diligence is truly inspiring, PKP.

Commander: However, I didn't call you here to destroy anything.

PKP: Reconnaissance, then? Granted, covert operations are somewhat challenging.

Commander: That's not it either. I would have to say that...your mission this time is to—

Commander: Shoot people in the heart!

PKP: ...

Commander: Crap...did that joke go too far?

PKP: Commander, from what I know, we ought to be protecting humanity.

Commander: No, what I'm saying is that your new mission does not involve gun battles. It's a peaceful, ordinary mission.

PKP: Then what does it have to do with shooting humans in the heart?

Commander: Ah...that was a joke.

Commander: Here's the deal. There's a themed fashion show coming up, and they need to borrow a few Tactical Dolls as models. I'll be present to deal with any sudden developments.

Commander: The tagline is something like "Wedding dresses and firearms, wield your beauty like a weapon..."

Commander: I think this mission suits you very well.

PKP: That is truly a vulgar joke.

PKP: While such missions are simply not my style...

PKP: I'll place my faith in you since you've said as much.

Commander: Wonderful. Kalina will brief you on the mission details. I'm counting on you.

PKP: Don't worry. I will flawlessly complete even a mission like this. Without fail.

On the day of the mission.

After finishing my work, I sneak over to the dressing room.

PKP: You certainly took your time.

Commander: Ah...

Commander: She spotted me.

PKP: No matter how hard you try to hide your presence, humans cannot evade a Doll's senses.

Commander: I even waited until you finished having your makeup applied before coming here...

PKP: Any Doll who lacks the coordination to respond to her superior officer without moving her eyes is no elite.

I look inside the room from where I'm standing at the entrance. The makeup artists are hard at work around PKP, and someone is helping her adjust her dress.

She has her back to the door, and between the strands of her swaying hair, I see the light outlining her slender frame.

PKP: Commander?

Commander: Forgive me, I was wool-gathering.

PKP: Were you thinking about the work which you just finished, or worrying needlessly?

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: How could I possibly doubt your abilities?
If choice 1 was picked

PKP: Your behavior suggests otherwise, Commander.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Isn't this the first time you're doing this sort of thing, PKP?
If choice 2 was picked

PKP: So you came all this way because you were worried about me?

Commander: Your powers of observation are astounding, PKP.

Commander: ...Alright, I was worried about you. After all, Suomi's on this mission too, and I was worried that there'd be friction between the two of you.

PKP: And here I was wondering what you were so worried about... You didn't have to come by in person for something so trivial.

PKP: Her attitude has nothing to do with me, and it certainly won't affect my performance.

PKP: Just sit back and wait for me to return with good news.

Commander: (So something DID happen after all.)

Staff Member: Ah— Excuse me, move aside, move aside!

A female staff member holding an armful of teal ribbons squeezes past me while shouting.

I hurriedly apologize and make way, but the woman has already begun draping extra decorations onto PKP.

Faced with the sudden additions, PKP simply rises as directed by the makeup artists and lets them do what they want to her.

Commander: (It seems there's no need to worry about her... Looks like I was overthinking things.)

Commander: (I'll go check on the other Dolls, then.)

Feeling reassured, I go to look in on the other Dolls.

On the day of the publicity photo shoot for the fashion show.

In a certain photo studio.

Commander: That's strange, isn't this the place?

Commander: Excuse me, do you know where the studio for the fashion show photo shoot is...

Just as I ask a nearby staffer for the location of the studio, a familiar voice calls out from behind my back.

PKP: Commander? What are you doing here at a time like this?

Commander: Ah, thanks, I found the person I was looking for.

Commander: ...

I turn around and find a completely different PKP.

Commander: PKP...
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: I had trouble recognizing you.
If choice 1 was picked

PKP: Are you too exhausted from work?
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: No, you just look very different.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: You look beautiful in that.

PKP: Spasibo.

PKP: However, this outfit is very restrictive, so I hope you won't go out of your way to buy something like this for me just because it looks good.

Commander: Ah...well, we can talk about that sort of thing some other time.

Commander: Why are you outside now, PKP? Was there a problem with the photo shoot?

PKP: Just the opposite, everything went smoothly.

PKP: The mission is over, and I was preparing to return to report to you.

Commander: ...So early? I heard the photos would take longer.

Passing Staff Member: This lady's amazing, she is way more professional than the other models.

Passing Staff Member: It didn't take much more than one round of shooting to get the best results with her.

Passing Staff Member: You should really see her stage photos, she was a total star!

Commander: Really now? I'm looking forward to it.

Passing Staff Member: Haha, you won't be disappointed.

Passing Staff Member: If we get the chance to work together again, I hope she'll be there!

PKP: That would be up to the Commander.

Commander: Naturally, we'd love to work with you if we get the chance... I won't take up any more of your time, then. See you.

The staff member heads off, leaving only PKP and myself in the studio.

Commander: ...

Commander: You're incredible, PKP!

PKP: But of course.

PKP: Unlike certain other Dolls who are nothing but paper tigers, I believe that a true elite is one who can deliver peak performance in any task they're given.

Commander: I expected nothing less of you.

PKP: Rather than plying me with perfunctory praise, you ought to go check up on Suomi, Commander.

Commander: Suomi? Is something wrong with her?

PKP: Probably.

PKP: She hasn't been doing well during the photo shoots these past few days, and things weren't progressing well on her end today.

Commander: I see. I'll head over, then.

PKP: But you have no idea where Suomi is, do you?

Commander: Ah, you overheard me asking for directions just now.

PKP: Of course.

PKP: Let me take you there, Suomi should still be in the studio.

Commander: Please do.

Commander: Ah...then, PKP, give me your hand.

PKP: Whatever for? Surely you're not a teetering child who needs to be held in the hand ?

But even as she makes that gibe, PKP switches the bouquet she's carrying to one hand and slips the other into my palm.

Commander: Those heels look like they're giving you a lot of trouble.

PKP: I didn't think you'd be concerned about that.

Commander: I didn't think you'd be concerned about a colleague that you didn't get along with either.

PKP: I'm not worried about her in particular.

PKP: I'm not carrying out this mission alone, so of course I need to keep an eye on my colleagues' condition.

PKP: I might do a perfect job, but if there was a mishap because of someone else's mistakes... I won't allow such a possibility to exist.

Commander: That definitely is your style.

Commander: If it wasn't for you, I might only have learned about this later.

Commander: Thank you for bringing it to my attention, PKP.

PKP: Just doing my job.

Neither of us speak after that. We simply walk together in silence. Her hand feels warm and soft in mine, like an ordinary human hand.

To an observer, the dress she's wearing probably makes her look like she's heading to a wedding with me.

Of course, I know that isn't the case.

But I also know that even after this mission is over, she'll continue walking by my side for a long, long time...