...Early morning.

In the Griffin dorms.

Gr PSG-1: The flow of the bat costume's movements, the shine of the fangs from different angles, the angle of the cape's collar... Ja, all check.

Gr PSG-1: Test of courage, here I come.

Gr PSG-1 smiles in triumph, and her sharp fangs reflect the light with a blinding glint.

m45: Miss Gr PSG-1, I'll be counting on you for the grand prize of the test of courage — the latest smart oven!

Gr PSG-1: Don't worry, it's a prize that you can redeem for just 10 points. Just wait for me at the finish line.

Gr PSG-1: Oh yes, put more sugar on the cookies this time; vampires need their glucose.

Gr PSG-1 glances at the mysterious and spooky vampire in the mirror for the last time before leaving the dorm and running over to where the test of courage is going to take place.

...A dark warehouse stands tall upon these grounds.

A petite figure slips inside.

FF FNC: I lost all my hard-earned candy after MG3 caught me...

FF FNC: But that's fine; there are more delicious things waiting for me!

FF FNC: Hehe, I'm sure nobody will notice me secretly taking a chocolate or two while everyone's busy scaring each other...

FF FNC walks up to the supply shelf containing the chocolate with practiced movements and reaches for it with her sinful claws...

FF FNC: Why is it empty?

The lights in the warehouse suddenly come on and Gr PSG-1 steps in through the door.

Gr PSG-1: Trying to steal chocolate again?

Gr PSG-1: Didn't I tell you last night that you'd already eaten our entire chocolate supply?

FF FNC: What?! I didn't even come here last night, have you gotten the wrong person?

Gr PSG-1 responds with silence and a complicated look on her face.

Gr PSG-1: ...

Gr PSG-1: FF FNC, have you heard about the strange things happening on the base recently?

FF FNC: W-what strange things?

Gr PSG-1 leans close to FF FNC's ear and lowers her voice...

There's no telling what Gr PSG-1 told her, but FF FNC lowers her head stiffly and a small pool of sticky red substance slowly spreads past her feet...

FF FNC: WAAAAAAHHHHH—!

As Gr PSG-1 watches FF FNC run for the door, she beams with satisfaction and writes something down in her notebook.

...In a small grove.

F1 is sitting on a branch, looking at the moon, which is shining exceptionally brightly in the darkness of the night.

F1: I wonder what kind of verse would best capture the beauty of this moon?

F1: Hm...a round lunar disc...

Gr PSG-1 emerges from the shadow of the trees into the moonlight.

Gr PSG-1: F1, I just saw an excellent piece of scenery over there.

Gr PSG-1: It was a ray of moonlight shining through the tree canopy... I wonder what those branches hold...

With a gleam in her eye, F1 hops off the branch.

F1: Quick, take me there.

The two of them walk side by side into the darkness under the trees...

Soon, a scream startles the forest birds into flight...

F1: WAAAAAAHHHHH—!

As Gr PSG-1 watches F1 sprint out of the forest, she beams with satisfaction and writes something down in her notebook.

...In front of the elevator.

Gr G36c waits for her sister to come back with a hot drink for her.

Just then, the indicator light turns red.

Gr G36c: Huh... Is that Big Sis? Is she back so soon?

The doors slowly slide open and Gr PSG-1 steps out, wreathed in a spooky air.

Gr PSG-1: Gr G36c, Gr G36 asked me to give you this hot drink.

Gr G36c: Danke! So...where did she go?

Gr PSG-1 sighs heavily.

Gr PSG-1: Gr G36 told me not to tell you...but...

Gr PSG-1: I think you need to know...

Gr PSG-1 gently whispers into Gr G36c's ear, and there's no way to tell what she is saying.

Gr G36c looks down at the warm, red liquid in the cup she's holding, then back up at Gr PSG-1's fangs as they gleam in the darkness...

Gr G36c: WAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH! SAVE ME BIG SIS!

As she watches Gr G36c run down the stairs, Gr PSG-1 makes a note in her book with a satisfied smile.

After that, blood-curdling screams come from the dorms, the firing range and the repair bay, one after the other...

On Grifchan, MDR dubs Gr PSG-1 "the most talented monster in history"...

However, her stroke of good fortune finally runs out in the little grove.

Announcement: Monster Gr PSG-1 is out! Score - 8.

Gr PSG-1 looks absolutely miserable as she is handcuffed to the cross.

Gr PSG-1: ...

Gr PSG-1: I can't believe I actually believed MDR's intel about vampires...

Gr PSG-1: Fine, you win, can you let me go now?

M870: And why would I do that? I went to so much trouble to capture my prey, so obviously I'm going to show it off to everyone!

M870: Just be a good girl and stay here as my trophy. ♪

Gr PSG-1 grinds her teeth as she watches M870 leave.

Bound to the cross, Gr PSG-1 struggles for who knows how long before KSVK suddenly emerges from the vegetation in front of her.

KSVK: I heard the summons of Destiny from afar...

Gr PSG-1: Is that you, KSVK? Help me...

KSVK: So it was you that was calling me, Gr PSG-1.

KSVK: And you're handcuffed to a cross? Most ironic, for a vampire...

Gr PSG-1: Enough of that... Hurry up and undo my handcuffs!

KSVK approaches the cross and sees the marks of Gr PSG-1's struggles on her wrist.

KSVK: How long have you been trapped here?

Gr PSG-1: I don't remember... According to the number of broadcasts, it should have been close to an hour.

KSVK: And while you were waiting here all this time, did nobody's face cross your mind?

Gr PSG-1: ...

The image of m45's expectant face appears in Gr PSG-1's neural cloud.

Gr PSG-1: Everyone must be busy with the test of courage, haha...

KSVK takes in Gr PSG-1's forced, calm smile without a word.

KSVK: I, on the other hand, know a Doll who didn't take part in the test of courage.

KSVK: She's only interested in baking, yet she asked about you in MDR's thread. Sounds like she's a die-hard fan of yours.

Gr PSG-1: ...

KSVK: According to her latest reply, this strange Doll seems to be waiting for you at the finish line.

Gr PSG-1: ...m45?

KSVK: Now, I have no idea who would care so much about a vampire fallen on hard times, but if you're interested, you can go look for yourself.

Saying so, KSVK undoes the handcuffs and leaves.

KSVK?: Although I hate to admit it, maybe I do have a few things in common with the trash from Griffin.

Gr PSG-1: What did you say?

However, KSVK has suddenly vanished.

Gr PSG-1 wakes from her dream.

m45: You're awake at last, Miss Gr PSG-1!

Gr PSG-1: What happened? I think I was dreaming about what I did for Halloween...

m45 carefully helps Gr PSG-1 to sit up.

m45: You were handcuffed to a cross during the test of courage last night. Maybe you had been shackled there for too long and you kept struggling and screaming...

m45: But in the end your power cells ran out. Parts of your memories weren't uploaded in time and there were anomalies in your neural cloud. I just brought you back from the repair bay.

m45: Miss Kalina warned that there might be some discontinuities in your memories of last night. She also suggested that helping you sort out the facts might help you recover.

Gr PSG-1: It was all M870's fault... In any case, let's get things straight...

Gr PSG-1: I...I dreamt I scared a lot of Dolls to help you win the oven...

Gr PSG-1: MDR even called me "the most talented scarer in history"!

m45: ...

m45: Maybe you should start from the beginning, Miss Gr PSG-1.

Gr PSG-1: Okay, I'll tell you all about the people I scared.

Gr PSG-1: First, I went to the warehouse and hid all the chocolate.

Gr PSG-1: Then I waited for FF FNC to go in to steal some and pretended to be a vampire before scaring her off with fake blood!

m45: Yes, you did go to the warehouse and poured fake blood on the floor while pretending to be a vampire to scare Miss FF FNC...

m45: And you DID scare her, but...

Gr PSG-1: But what...?

m45: But you slipped and fell on your own fake blood and knocked down the goods shelves and almost squashed Miss FF FNC...

Gr PSG-1: ...

Gr PSG-1: Let's move on.

m45: Alright. Don't panic, Miss Gr PSG-1. Have a drink of water to calm yourself.

Gr PSG-1: Phew... Right, after that, I went to the grove and met F1 while she was moon gazing.

Gr PSG-1: I told her I was going to show her a piece of wondrous scenery, then while we were on the way I pretended that I could hear werewolves whispering to each other!

Gr PSG-1: F1's face turned as white as the moon, haha!

m45: Well, it's true that F1 was moon gazing last night, but...

Gr PSG-1: Why the "but" again...

m45: But as you were approaching Miss F1, you tripped on a root, fell down and hit your head...

m45: You wailed so loudly that you nearly scared Miss F1 out of her tree...

Gr PSG-1: ...

Gr PSG-1: Never mind, I'm sure the next one happened!

m45: Tell me about it, Miss Gr PSG-1.

Gr PSG-1: I found Gr G36c standing around by herself at the elevator. Since I saw Gr G36 buying a hot drink and saying it was for Gr G36c, I figured that Gr G36c was waiting for Gr G36.

Gr PSG-1: Then I gave Gr G36 a glass of fake blood and pretended that Gr G36 asked me to give it to her.

Gr PSG-1: After that, I told her a scary story about vampires and she was so frightened she fled down the stairs!

m45: Well, you DID scare Miss Gr G36c... However...

m45: Well, I won't go into details, but you managed to scare Miss Gr G36c!

Gr PSG-1: Phew. At least I got one right...

m45: What happened after that? Where did you go after scaring Miss Gr G36c?

Gr PSG-1: After that I went to the grove, but M870 posed as a vampire and scared me...

Gr PSG-1: And I got cuffed to the cross...

m45: That part matches the facts perfectly!

Gr PSG-1: For some reason I'm not at all happy to hear that...

m45: And then? What was the last thing you remembered before passing out?

Gr PSG-1: I remember I was stuck on the cross for a long time, until KSVK eventually let me go. KSVK said a few things to me and vanished into thin air...

Gr PSG-1: Then my dream ended.

m45: Well, it's true that Miss KSVK carried you back after you crashed...

Gr PSG-1: ...Let me guess, MDR didn't call me "the most talented scarer in history"?

m45: Well, she did mention you by name...

m45: But she called you... "the unluckiest noob monster in history"...

Gr PSG-1: No way...

Gr PSG-1: Wait a minute, I should have recorded everything I did in my notebook!

In a panic, Gr PSG-1 flips through her notebook and begins reading out each item.

Gr PSG-1: ...

Gr PSG-1: Warehouse, FF FNC, fake blood tactic ran into some setbacks...

Gr PSG-1: Grove, F1, fake noise tactic ran into some setbacks...

Gr PSG-1: Elevator, Gr G36c, success.

Gr PSG-1 suddenly puts down her notebook, as though she had suddenly lost 80% of her charge in an instant.

Gr PSG-1: ...So in the end I didn't manage to win the oven for you?

m45: I'm sorry, Miss Gr PSG-1...

m45: You got 8 points in total, just a little bit away from...

Gr PSG-1: ...

Gr PSG-1: I see...

Gr PSG-1: Then I should be the one apologizing... I mean, I made you a promise...

m45: It's fine, Miss Gr PSG-1.

m45: Actually, the oven isn't that important...

Gr PSG-1: ...

Gr PSG-1: I'm fine, you don't have to comfort me...

Gr PSG-1: I embarrassed myself a few times, that's all... It's perfectly normal for a Doll like me, who can't even take care of herself...

m45: Miss Gr PSG-1, I'm not trying to comfort you!

m45: On the contrary, I want to thank you!

Gr PSG-1: What's there to thank me for? I couldn't even get you the oven I promised...

m45: I can make the tastiest desserts even without the newest model of oven!

m45: Do you know what my secret is?

Gr PSG-1: ...What's your secret?

m45 leans in close and gently whispers to Gr PSG-1.

m45: That would be—

m45: Imagining the smile on the face of the Doll who's going to eat what I made, and putting that smile into my cookies!

m45: Without your smile, I wouldn't be able to make tasty cookies like these!

m45 takes out a cookie from her pocket and offers it to Gr PSG-1.

m45: These are my vampire mini-cookies, inspired by you, and there's also blood fruit pudding...

m45: So please, Miss Gr PSG-1, please keep on smiling, even if it's just for the sake of these cookies!

Gr PSG-1 takes the vampire-shaped mini-cookies, and before she knows it, she's smiling again.

Gr PSG-1: Thank you, m45...

m45: Thank you too, Miss Gr PSG-1...

Gr PSG-1: Oh yes! I need to go thank KSVK...

m45: Yup! I was planning to go over afterwards.

m45: I actually prepared her share already.

...Ten minutes later.

In the Griffin dorms, at the door to KSVK's room.

Gr PSG-1: KSVK, are you in?

Gr PSG-1: We came to thank you...

There is no response.

m45: Is Miss KSVK still out? We'll just leave these cookies at the door, then.

The door to her room suddenly cracks open, revealing KSVK's horror-stricken face.

KSVK: I have a really scary story to tell you...