Griffin receives a request three days after the theater incident to hunt down the remaining attackers at large.

According to the plan for today, I will be leading a team to locate the hideout of the attackers and then coordinate with the government to capture them.

In front of the Griffin base.

PzB39: Over here, Commander! Ready to go?

Commander: Thanks for coming today, PzB...

Commander: Er, that bike is...?

PzB is dressed like a racer and is leaning against a motorcycle. My gut seizes up.

PzB39: It's my personal ride. Pretty cool, isn't it?

Commander: Yeah, it sure is.

Commander: Although...surely you don't intend to take me to our destination with your bike, do you?

PzB39: Of course we're taking this bike. Why else would I bring it all the way here?

She's as straightforward as ever.

Commander: What about Griffin's cars?

PzB39: Kalina said that driving a military vehicle there might scare our targets off, and our civilian cars are on other missions.

PzB39: Just so as it happens, I have this bike on hand. I'm thinking that if we ride over there with this, we'd look like ordinary people going out for a ride.

Commander: Ordinary people, huh...

I give PzB39's outfit a quick once-over. What's her definition of “ordinary”, anyway?

PzB39: Your face looks kind of stiff, Commander.

Commander: Nonono, you did well in taking everything into consideration...haha...

Commander: It's just...

PzB39: Is this vehicle not good enough for you?

PzB39: I should note that while it may not look like much, it's no cheaper than my outfit!

Commander: Ah, that wasn't what I meant. How could I look down on anything of yours...

My experience in the past few days have left me wary of getting onto motorcycles.

Although PzB is a little outspoken, she is quite stable and disciplined in combat. In addition, she has even brought helmets along, so she probably would not be as wild as AEK...

...Right?

Commander: ...It's not often that I get to ride with you, PzB.

Commander: Let's go. We wouldn't want to keep the others waiting.

PzB39: Don't worry, Commander! We've got plenty of time.

Five minutes later...

PzB is racing down the road with her motorcycle.

PzB39: Commander? Commander!?

PzB39: You're grabbing me too tightly! You're going to rip my clothes!

Commander: I-I'm sorry! I was nearly thrown off just now...

PzB39: You're too tense, Commander! It was just a simple lane change! You wouldn't have been thrown off!

Commander: ...A simple lane change!? You were flying from one lane to another!

PzB39: Ahaha...turning around like that is the fastest way, otherwise we'd have to take the long route.

PzB39: But you can relax now, Commander, the road's clear from here on out!

Commander: The road...the road's clear? Isn't that even scarier!?

Commander: PzB! We've got more than enough time! Slow down—!

PzB and I reach the rendezvous point before long.

PzB39: This place is a deserted wilderness... It seems even S.F. isn't interested in this area.

PzB39: Gr MG5 hasn't arrived yet, so I guess we made it ahead of time.

Commander: ...

PzB39: Commander, are you alright? Your face doesn't have any of the colors a human's skin should have!

Commander: I think it's...motion sickness...

PzB39: Eh? Sit down and take a rest...

PzB39: I've got some water here, want some?

Only in this moment when I take the water bottle from PzB's hand that I begin to feel that she's a nice person...

Commander: (Coughs)...

Commander: You T-Dolls...are you all so aggressive when riding motorcycles?

PzB39: What's this? It sounds like you've ridden with others before, Commander.

Commander: AEK gave me a ride several days ago when I went to watch the opera.

PzB39: Really? If it's AEK...

PzB39: I often hang with her, and her bike-riding doesn't seem very wild.

Commander: ...That's because you're T-Dolls! Elite T-Dolls!

Commander: I'm human! My insides aren't as sturdy as yours!

PzB39: Haha, you do have a point.

PzB39: Still...it feels awesome to ride like the wind, doesn't it?

Commander: It does feel awesome indeed, but it becomes hard to bear if you overdo it.

Commander: Speaking of which, do you often go out biking with AEK?

PzB39: Yeah, we often go for a spin when our off days align.

PzB39: Even though my bike isn't as flashy as hers, I won't lose to her when it comes to racing!

Commander: ...Oh yes, I'm keenly aware of that.

PzB39: Would you like to join us, Commander?

Commander: Er...I'll pass! I can't keep up with your speed.

PzB39: Don't sell yourself short, Commander.

PzB39: You've led us to many victories before!

Commander: Of course I have confidence in commanding battles.

Commander: But I feel that a few more rides with you guys and I'll end up being checked into Griffin's sickbay.

PzB39: Relax, Commander. Bikes aren't as scary as you make them out to be.

PzB39: Besides, isn't it embarrassing for a commander of Griffin to be frightened of a simple ride like this?

Commander: If I may interject, what you guys do is not what most humans would call “a simple ride”.

PzB39: In that case, I'll give you some special training on my next day off, Commander.

Commander: ...What?

PzB39: A few more times and you'll be used to the sensation of racing down roads.

PzB39: Once you get used to it, you can also enjoy the thrill of speed, Commander!

Commander: Wait a minute. That's too...

PzB39: Ah, Gr MG5's here, Commander.

PzB39: I guess that means my mission is complete.

PzB waves to Gr MG5 as the latter approaches, and then remounts her bike.

PzB39: I'll be leaving now, Commander. Don't want to hold you up.

Commander: Hold on, PzB! About that “special training”...

PzB39: Yup, special training, one on one. Don't forget about it.

PzB leaves me with a dashing smile that utterly fails to boost my spirits, and in an instance, she has already disappeared down the road.

Commander: Hah...

Commander: I really don't want to ride a motorcycle again...