RMB-93: I had a dream.

RMB-93: Dolls don't really dream, yet I had a dream.

RMB-93: In the dream, there was no moon in the sky, nor were there any stars. It was completely dark. After an indeterminate amount of time, the sky outside the window finally brightened up a little.

RMB-93: I saw a girl sitting next to me. The first ray of daylight shone upon her silvery white hair... She looked like a fairy of the night...or perhaps an angel that heralds the coming of dawn.

RMB-93: She looked divine. Could I touch her? God is supposedly equal in His love for everyone, so if I touched her, would I, a Doll, also go to Heaven?

RMB-93: I reached out to her... She also reached out to me.

Makarov: It takes so long for you to boot up, RMB-93.

RMB-93: That's because our Imprinted weapon consumes a lot of power and data compilation takes a lot longer for us. Do show some understanding~

RMB-93: By the way... Today is my day off, you know? I will not go to work unless it's mandatory overtime...

Makarov: I know, but this is urgent. It concerns the Commander's reputation.

RMB-93: How surprising. Does the Commander even have a reputation?

Makarov: This is no time to crack jokes.

RMB-93: Alright, I get it. Then what happened to the Commander?

RMB-93: They didn't mess around with anyone after the banquet while they were completely plastered, did they?

Makarov: It might be worse than that. The problem is, someone among us might have done something to the Commander while they were drunk.

RMB-93: It wasn't M950A, was it? She can be VERY bold when she's sloshed.

Makarov: Don't change the subject. You know full well that I'm here to question you.

RMB-93: I see. Then for the sake of protecting the Commander's so-called reputation, I will cooperate with your investigation. Where should I start?

Makarov: Why don't you start from...

RMB-93: Oh, hang on. Can this wait?

Makarov: Do you have some urgent business on your day off?

RMB-93: Of course not. But do you mind if I smooth myself out first?

RMB-93: Look, I'm still plugged to the charger.

Makarov: ...Sorry, I was being inconsiderate.

Makarov: I'll be waiting for you in the hallway outside.

With that, Makarov gets to her feet and excuses herself.

RMB-93: Looks like something interesting happened last night.

RMB-93: A girl can take her time to freshen up. Let me check Grifchan in the meantime.

In the hallway.

RMB-93: Oh? I sure have a lot of visitors today.

RMB-93: Are you also involved in this incident, Stechkin?

Stechkin: Me? No. I'm just here for the show.

Makarov: She's the one who uploaded the video that caused this uproar. She is trying to atone for her misdemeanor.

RMB-93: I see. So you have no choice but to work overtime... Poor Stechkin.

Stechkin: If you have so much pity for me, why don't you sponsor me a little?

RMB-93: Can I sponsor you a negative amount? You still owe me from last time.

Makarov: I don't know what you two are on about, but please stop it now.

Makarov: RMB-93, the situation is very serious here.

RMB-93: Has the Commander been murdered?

Makarov: No, let me explain what happened briefly. Last night, at 23.30, after the surveillance system came out of maintenance, we found that the CCTV had captured the silhouette of a long-haired female through the Commander's window.

RMB-93: Many Dolls admire the Commander. It isn't all that surprising if someone snuck into their room.

RMB-93: Do you have the image?

Makarov: We do. Here, take a look.

RMB-93: Hm... There's nothing remarkable about this figure at all.

RMB-93: I didn't do anything worth hiding last night.

RMB-93: Starting from 21.00, I was in charge of security outside the party venue.

RMB-93: The party was over at 22.51. I saw M950A singing loudly out in the courtyard, then I ran into Grizzly and Zas as they were moving the Commander back to the dorm... About 20 minutes later, they left the Commander's room.

Makarov: Everything seems to be consistent with what we've learned so far. What did you do after that?

RMB-93: Can't you just check the CCTV? My movements should've been recorded after the system was rebooted.

Makarov: Now you're being evasive. What were you doing during the few minutes between Grizzly and Zas' departure and the surveillance system's reactivation?

RMB-93: Does that matter?

Makarov: Every lead matters.

Makarov: Or is there something you want to hide?

RMB-93: Do you have authority to badger people about this?

Makarov: I do.

Makarov: From the accounts given by other Dolls, I know for a fact that you recorded M950A's drunken singing, but you failed to mention that yourself.

Makarov: Deliberately withholding information is unacceptable. Could you please hand over the recording device?

RMB-93: Can I refuse? That's personal property.

Makarov: You have a right to refuse me. I'm sure M870 and FP-6 will be more than happy to take over the investigation from me.

RMB-93: Oh, those two... Okay, spare me. I surrender.

RMB-93 takes out her camcorder.

Makarov: It's wiped clean... You left nothing behind?

RMB-93: That's cause Grizzly bought the recording and told me not to spread it.

RMB-93: I'm a Doll of my word, in every sense.

Makarov: Oh? Then what's this encrypted file?

RMB-93: Oops, I suppose I'll only attract even more suspicion if I keep trying to hide it.

She enters a password and unlocks the file Makarov has discovered.

When the video starts playing, all the present Dolls lean over the camcorder to watch.

Makarov: ...

Stechkin: ...

RMB-93: As you can see, it's just a dull and pointless video.

Makarov: You say that, yet you still recorded the Commander as they slept after Grizzly and Zas had left the room.

Makarov: The timestamp leaves no doubt – this recording was made just minutes after they were gone.

RMB-93: But I did leave the scene before the surveillance system came back online.

Makarov: So as the adjutant and security guard on duty yesterday, you deactivated the lock on the Commander's door and didn't reactivate it before you left?

RMB-93: Oh my, did I forget to do that?

RMB-93: I remember I was going to, but while I was taking a rest on the chair...I think my thoughts got interrupted for a second.

RMB-93: By the time I came to my senses, I thought I'd already reactivated the lock.

Makarov: You thoughts got "interrupted"? Did your neural cloud malfunction?

RMB-93: I don't think so? It was just for a second... But that was indeed my mistake. I'll accept any kind of punishment for that.

Makarov: We'll leave that for the Commander to decide.

That's what I hear when I enter the room.

Commander: Nothing bad happened, so just make sure you don't make the same mistake again.

Commander: I don't think there's a need for this incident to be taken so seriously...

Makarov: That won't do, this IS serious.

Makarov: Someone actually invaded your room during a surveillance blackout. If they had harbored any ill intentions, we could have lost our commander.

Commander: ...

RMB-93: But back to the subject – do you still think I'm a suspect?

Makarov: I'm sorry, but this video has increased your suspicion.

Commander: Video?

Stechkin: RMB-93 recorded you in your sleep after Grizzly and Zas left!

Stechkin: You made the funniest faces – you could probably sell this for a lot of money! Wanna watch?

Commander: No! Are you saying that just to humiliate me...? Please make sure you delete it.

Commander: Anyway, I don't think it was RMB-93.

Makarov: You don't think it was.

RMB-93: Although I don't normally agree with the kind of subjective denial that the Commander just did, it really wasn't me.

RMB-93: Look, your still frame is rather blurry, but it does reveal something. The intruder has a slender figure, and since the hair cast such a strong shadow, she must have really dark hair.

Makarov: You mean to say that even if you let down your hair, your white hair would have left a much lighter reflection on the glass?

RMB-93: Exactly.

Makarov: That does make sense.

Makarov: Did you see anything suspicious before you left?

RMB-93: Anything suspicious? Not at all.

Commander: I really believe it wasn't her. She had no reason to do this.

Stechkin: Why are you so eager to defend her, Commander? THAT is suspicious.

Stechkin: Or do you actually know something?

Commander: Uh... In any case, we can basically rule out RMB-93 as a suspect.

RMB-93: Thank you for your trust, Commander.

RMB-93: So, am I free to go now?

Makarov: Yes. Thank you for cooperating with the investigation.

RMB-93: Then I'll be...

Makarov: Hold on!

RMB-93: Huh? Are we still not done? What now?

Makarov: Delete the video first.

My vacation isn't over yet, but I wonder how much time I have left to unwind...

In any case, now that the commotion has mostly died down, I can get some proper rest at long last.

However, while I'm on my way back to the dorm the next evening, I notice something strange in the courtyard.

Commander: ...RMB-93?

RMB-93: Good evening, Commander.

RMB-93: Welcome back.

Commander: You look beautiful in that dress. Did Cano pick it for you?

RMB-93: Thank you for your kind words, but I chose it myself.

RMB-93: For me, things I choose for myself are what suit me the best.

Commander: You have a point. But why are you sitting here?

RMB-93: I was waiting for you. You seem a little nervous.

RMB-93: Relax, I'm not going to blackmail you like Stechkin. How about a chat? I've prepared some drinks. We can have a sip while we talk.

Commander: Alcohol?

RMB-93: The alcohol content is negligible, don't worry.

I can't bring myself to reject RMB-93's kind offer, so I pick up one of the glasses and sit down next to her.

RMB-93: To the moon tonight.

She raises her glass and taps it lightly against mine.

RMB-93: I don't know who was in your room, but that must be a secret you desperately need to keep, I presume?

RMB-93: You could've just shoved the blame onto any of the Dolls, yet you didn't.

Commander: Uh...yeah.

RMB-93: You deserve credit for that.

RMB-93: You bend the rules quite often yourself, but similarly, you don't put too many restrictions on us either.

Commander: Isn't it like that everywhere?

RMB-93: Certainly not.

RMB-93: Before I joined Griffin, I worked at a financial firm.

RMB-93: Gosh, they had more rules there than all the combat reports that Miss Kalina has ever written. Everyone was put tightly in a vise – both humans and Dolls alike.

Commander: Sounds suffocating.

RMB-93: It wasn't so bad. Once you've figured out the system, you could always find some wriggle room to breathe...

RMB-93: Still, when everyone is bent out of shape, that shape becomes the norm.

RMB-93: In the end, it's just a bunch of cubes rolling around on a large table that's the workplace – no interesting changes will ever come of that.

Commander: Haha... That's...an interesting metaphor.

RMB-93: So things are great here at Griffin.

RMB-93: The rules that do exist don't limit our individualism; it makes me feel that the unique personalities that our human creators have given us actually mean something.

Commander: I'm glad you approve, RMB-93.

Commander: So, about that recording...

RMB-93: Which do you mean?

RMB-93: M950A's or yours?

Commander: I mean mine.

RMB-93: You're not the only one who can bend the rules.

RMB-93: Besides, there is no rule that forbids us from filming you, is there?

Commander: True, but...

RMB-93: Are you going to make such a rule?

RMB-93: It's certainly within your power. I'm not in the position to protest, so if you do forbid me from doing it, I'll have to obey you.

Commander: ...I intend to do no such thing.

RMB-93: Haha... Look at me, Commander.

Commander: Hm?

When I turn to look at her, she leans in quickly.

The warm and soft sensation on my cheek is fleeting. She rises to her feet. I reach out unconsciously to stop her from leaving, but my hand only brushes past her veil.

RMB-93: That's it for our little "tryst" tonight.

RMB-93: Sweet dreams, Commander.

With that, she leaves the courtyard, her delicate frame receding into the distance until it finally fades beneath the moonlight.

That night, I receive a reel of film from her in my mailbox. It is labeled "negative". Whether there are any other copies in her possession still remains a mystery to this day...