At the rendezvous point before the start of the mission.

I look around but I do not see the person who should be meeting me here.

Isn't SAA here yet? It's already this late...

Just as that thought ran through my mind, I hear her voice.

SAA: Commander, Commander, over here~

I turn to look at the source of the voice, and I am startled by her outfit.

Commander: ...SAA?

SAA: Yes, Commander! Don't I look good today?

SAA nimbly pirouettes before me.

Commander: You look very good.

Commander: But what's with this...costume?

SAA: Since I'm playing a phantom thief, I ought to look the part, right~?

SAA: Besides, a phantom thief always make her entrance in a showy outfit!

SAA: What do you think? What do you think? Doesn't it suit the role?

Commander: Yes, it does... But remember, we're not just playing around. You need to be careful and fastidious while carrying out your mission.

SAA: Roger, Commander. I won't disgrace my mission! Otherwise I wouldn't be able to face you!

SAA nods earnestly and performs a courtly bow before leaving.

...I hope she's taking my words seriously.

More and more people begin to gather around the jewel display area as the party goes on.

SAA: That sure is a big jewel... Though, this may probably be the last time it will ever appear before the eyes of the world.

SAA: It looks very pretty indeed, but cola is much more important to me!

SAA: Let's finish this mission quickly so I can drink cola to my heart's content after I get back!

SAA begins the operation as planned.

SAA: Mhm~ Let me see...where's the fire alarm...

SAA: Aha, there is it!

SAA: Let's just see how sensitive it is... Uwah, it's loud!

Party Guest: The fire alarm? Is there a fire? Run! It's a fire!

Venue Staff: Everyone, please don't panic. Follow our directions to evacuate through the exit!

SAA: Seems like most people have left the building. Guess it's about time to show my stuff and make it rain cola!

Venue Staff: Please don't linger in the hall, miss...

Venue Staff: Huh? She was here just now... Was I seeing things?

SAA: Now!

SAA reveals herself from the shadows and knocks out the venue staff with a tranquilizer round.

SAA: That should do it...

SAA: Wait, it looks like there's someone else here to stop me.

SAA draws her gun and points it at the only other person still standing in the hall.

SAA: Wait, IDW!?

SAA: ...

SAA: Hm...so that's why things were going so well.

SAA: In any case, I'm a phantom thief now!

SAA pulls her trigger.

IDW: You...you're...

SAA: Whew, you have frightening combat reflexes.

SAA: Unfortunately, your ability to multitask is nowhere as good as everyone else.

...

After the mission, I see SAA at a nearby meeting point.

Leaning against a wall, SAA is spaced out with a can of cola in her hand.

She seems a little tired, but is still in good spirits.

SAA: Commander! Over here!

SAA waves to me as she notices my approach.

Commander: Thanks for your hard work, SAA.

Commander: I know you're taking a rest...but I need to ask you about the whereabouts of the jewel.

SAA: Sorry, Commander...but I don't have it.

SAA: It seems that the agents of justice took it while I was dueling IDW.

Commander: I see, then I'll go ask the others later.

Commander: It seems things got kind of rough between you and IDW. Are you alright?

SAA: I'm fine.

SAA: Although I wasn't able to snatch the jewel, I still won my duel with IDW! And I got some cola out of it!

SAA: Want a can, Commander?

Commander: Thank you, but I'll save the cola for when I get back to base.

Commander: SAA, you look a little out of it... Are you really alright?

SAA: I'm fine! I just moved around a lot today, and I did quite a bit of calculations too.

SAA: I'll be back to normal after this can of cola~

Commander: And by "quite a bit of calculations", you mean...?

SAA: Well...I was thinking, my mission should have been over by the time IDW showed up, right?

SAA: So I shouldn't really mind that the jewel was snatched away either...

SAA: Would you say that's correct, Commander?

Commander: Oh? Why would you think that?

SAA's eyes slightly waver, but quickly settles.

SAA: Why indeed... Yes! It must be thanks to the guidance of cola!

Commander: ...What?

SAA: It really was because of cola's guidance! Without cola, I wouldn't have been inspired like this~

Commander: ...Then we'll leave it at the guidance of cola.

Commander: It's getting pretty late. Why don't you head back soon?

SAA: Sure thing~ I just finished my can of cola anyway!

SAA: I might still make it for the party back at base if I return now~

Commander: I'm sorry for making you all miss out on the company's anniversary celebration because of this mission.

SAA: It's fine, Commander! Someone has to do it, right?

SAA: And besides...I had a lot of fun tonight. I should be thanking you for letting me take part!

SAA winks at me and removes her hat before taking a bow.

SAA: I'll be going now, Commander!

SAA: Let's share a victory cola later~

I watch SAA's back fade into the end of the street.

She has always been cheerful and lively, but the look on her face this time was not one that I have seen often.

She probably sensed that something was off, but she chose to hide her doubts.

Commander: So it was all due to the guidance of cola, huh...

If cola could show me a path where everyone could relate to each other sincerely and without hesitation...

Then I would chug it all down like SAA.