...In a hallway inside Griffin's base.

Several days have passed since the general meeting, and preparations for the banquet are in full swing.

Saiga-12: (Sighs) It's such a waste of all the pretty girls' beauty if it's just a simple gathering.

A familiar figure suddenly appears.

Saiga-12: Commander, it's been a while!

Commander: Good morning! The base seems pretty empty today. What is everybody up to?

Saiga-12: Oh, you haven't heard, have you? We're planning to organize a huge party!

Commander: Huh?

Commander: I have been negligent... Then as always, I'll buy some drinks and snacks for everyone.

Saiga-12: ...

Saiga-12: Oh? But this is no ordinary party.

Commander: No ordinary party?

Saiga-12: It's a rare opportunity for us to relax. Do you expect us to eat with guns in our hands?

Commander: Well...you're T-Dolls, after all...

Saiga-12: The issue is with our clothes!

Saiga-12: Think about it, Commander. A cook wears a cook's uniform when working in the kitchen, but he changes into something casual when he gets off work.

Saiga-12: Clothes are a symbol of one's identity.

Commander: ...You have a point. So if our Dolls have to attend the party wearing something different, they can all leave their work behind.

Commander: Since it's a party, everyone should relax and enjoy themselves.

Saiga-12: Exactly. We should make the dress code something special – something we don't usually wear.

Saiga-12: Come to think of it, most of us don't even own that many dresses since it's not practical for work.

Commander: Then let's make it a formal dress event, and everyone has to wear an evening dress. I'll go and order some fabric... I'll leave the details to M200 and QBU-88.

Saiga-12: Yay, you are the best, Commander!

Saiga-12: But are we still only having a simple feast when everyone's gonna be all dressed up?

Commander: Since it's formal dress, there's got to be dancing. I'll tell Groza to make the appropriate arrangements.

Saiga-12: You really are the best Commander in the entire world!

The Commander hurries off, probably to sort out the evening dresses.

Saiga-12: Hehehehehe, the Commander fell hook, line, and sinker for it!

Saiga-12: Now I get to feast my eyes on pretty girls in pretty dresses! Hm, I'm gonna suggest a bikini party next time!

In the rehearsal room.

Since news spread about the ball, more Dolls have been frequenting the rehearsal room.

Zas M76: Having a ball is a fantastic idea. I'm not going to lose to SVD this time!

Saiga-12: Why are you getting competitive over that? How often do you find yourself wearing an evening dress? You should have some pictures taken to commemorate this occasion instead.

Zas M76: There's no competition in having your picture taken, I really can't be bothered.

Zas M76: A true T-Doll has to come first, even in dancing!

Saiga-12: I don't know what to say to that... I'm getting stressed out just being here with you.

Saiga-12: I think I'm gonna head back to my dorm and look at my photo magazines.

Zas M76: Who are you going to give your magazine this time?

Zas M76: Practically everyone at the base has one already.

Saiga-12: That's not true... KSVK didn't take it. Argh, I might have offended her.

Zas M76: What on earth did you do?

Saiga-12: ...Just the usual – chatting her up, getting a date, and giving her a magazine.

Zas M76: We always adjust the intensity of our training depending on our condition, so why do you keep using the same old trick when trying to make friends?

Saiga-12: ...

Saiga-12: I feel pretty defeated, not gonna lie.

Zas M76: Some word of advice – you'll never build any genuine connections if you use the same routine on everyone.

Saiga-12: Nonsense! I'm genuine to everybody!

Zas M76: Then why do you give everyone the same gift?

Saiga-12: Because nobody could possibly say no to photo magazines!

Saiga-12: Especially photo magazines of pretty girls!

Zas M76: ...Forget it. You'll understand one day.

Night time comes, so does the ball begin.

Many familiar faces enter the venue, meticulously dressed.

Zas M76: White suits you.

Saiga-12: Hehe, the Commander is so thoughtful. Stains have no place on this pure color.

Saiga-12: Say, you're also super cute today! Can I dance with you?

Zas M76: ...No, I need to focus entirely on the dance itself, or I'll lose. Also, having you as a partner will bring down my performance.

Saiga-12: So cold!

Saiga-12: But heartless girls are also cute.

Saiga-12: Everyone has put a lot of effort in their looks today, what a wonderful sight to behold!

Zas M76: Ogle all you want. I'm going to warm up.

Saiga-12: Alright, I'm gonna find myself a dancing partner, just you wait and see.

All the lights in the banquet hall are on maximum brightness and dazzling to the eye.

Saiga-12: Humph, it's true that we all know each other, but since we're all wearing something new, can't we at least pretend we're all unfamiliar pretty girls?

Saiga-12 circles around the banquet hall glumly, unable to find a suitable dance partner.

She's just about to order a drink from the bartender to lift her spirits when she hears a lilting voice right next to her.

???: May I have a Rose in the Snow?

Bartender: Of course. Any other special request?

???: No, just mix it your way.

???: A cocktail with such a name is bound to taste delightful.

Saiga-12: That voice? Are you new around here?

Saiga-12: H...Hello! Huh? What a beauty! And you look kinda familiar...

???: Me?

The young girl points at herself, her eyes filled with confusion.

Saiga-12 opens her mouth to explain—

The lights go off.

???: Ah!

Saiga-12: Don't worry! This is part of the program. The dancing is going to start soon, so they're turning off the bright lights.

???: I see... Thanks.

Saiga-12: Don't mention it. Say, have I seen you somewhere before?

???: I look like KSVK, don't I? She's my elder sister, so of course we resemble each other.

Saiga-12: Huh?! Then...why did she leave you here all by yourself?

???: She's busy with work today so she gave the invitation to me.

???: You can just call me Dushevnaya.

Saiga-12: Dushevnaya... What a pretty name.

A mellow song starts playing, and the hall is once again illuminated.

Bartender: Miss, here's your drink.

Dushevnaya: Thank you.

Saiga-12: Aren't you going to dance?

Dushevnaya: I'm sorry, but I don't dance.

Saiga-12: Not dancing at a ball? Isn't that a shame?

Dushevnaya: Some flowers stubbornly refuse to bloom even in spring.

Dushevnaya: Dancing isn't obligatory at every ball.

Saiga-12: Some flowers do bloom in winter.

Saiga-12: But if you don't give it a try, how do you know if you'll enjoy it?

Dushevnaya: ...Do you treat everyone with the same enthusiasm?

Saiga-12: Certainly not!

Saiga-12: I...I'm your sister's colleague, so it's only right for me to look after you.

Saiga-12: I'm not forcing you to dance just because everybody's dancing. I'm inviting you to dance simply because it's fun.

Dushevnaya: ...To be completely honest, I don't know how to dance, not even the most basic round dance.

Saiga-12: I can teach you!

Saiga-12: Round dance is one of the easiest dances to learn.

Dushevnaya: Is it really that easy? I saw some Dolls practicing it in a rehearsal room.

Saiga-12: It IS that easy. Just imagine yourself as a rose chasing after the moon and searching for moonlight in the wind.

Saiga-12: When your dress swishes with you, you look just like a rose.

Saiga-12: You'll truly be a Rose in the Snow.

Dushevnaya: Alright, you've stoked my courage. I'll give it a try.

Dushevnaya: But there are too many people here, and that makes me extra nervous.

Saiga-12: Then let's practice somewhere more deserted?

Dushevnaya: ...Huh?

Saiga-12: There's a rehearsal room nearby.

Dushevnaya: Pfft, but YOU will still see if I mess up.

Saiga-12: No, I won't.

Saiga-12: While you're busy chasing after your moon, I'll be busy searching for mine.

Finally convinced, Dushevnaya follows Saiga-12 quietly out of the banquet hall.

Saiga-12 is both thrilled and nervous. The prospect of dancing with Dushevnaya in the moonlight fills her with excitement.

Dushevnaya doesn't say much, but she seems quite pleased judging by the upturned corners of her lips.

Zas M76: What are you doing?

Saiga-12: You scared the crap out of me! What are YOU doing here?

Zas M76: I'm practicing.

Zas M76: ...Why are you dragging KSVK around so secretively, Saiga?

Saiga-12: You're mistaken. This is Dushevnaya, KSVK's little sister.

Zas M76: Little sister? Are you mistaken or am I mistaken?

Saiga-12: Did I stutter? This. Is. KSVK's. Little. Sister.

Zas M76: She's just changed into a younger-looking body. Her ID still reads KSVK on my visual display.

Zas M76: So how many Dolls have fallen for it?

KSVK: Oops, busted.

KSVK: Not too many, Saiga was the 13th.

Saiga-12: Huh?

Zas M76: Did SVD see through it as well? How long did it take for her to figure it out?

KSVK: She did. It took her around the same time as it did you.

Zas M76: Pity. Then it will be a dance-off after all.

Saiga-12: KSVK... Did you...just pull a prank on me?

KSVK: So I did. Pranks pulled by people who never pull pranks tend to work out pretty well, no?

Saiga-12: Then...our dance...

KSVK: Haha, since the cat is already out of the bag, there's no point in keeping up the charade.

Saiga-12: R...Right.

KSVK: Shall we call it a day then?

Saiga-12: S...Sure.

KSVK smiles as she excuses herself. The smile does look exactly like KSVK's.

Zas M76: Let me go back to practicing my moves.

Saiga-12: ...Okay. I...I want to be alone with my thoughts anyway.

Saiga-12: I was the 13th?

Saiga-12: That makes me kinda sad for some reason.

Saiga-12: I probably wouldn't be so upset if I'd been the only one to have fallen for her trick.

Saiga-12: Oh dear. I suppose I want to be special to her, even if it's just as a victim of her prank?

After the end of the ball, Saiga-12 catches sight of the Doll she has been trying to find.

Saiga-12: Can we talk?

KSVK: Of course.

KSVK: I don't mind if you want to pull a prank on me in return. If you can, that is.

Saiga-12: ...I wasn't planning on that.

Saiga-12: I just want to apologize.

KSVK: Pardon?

KSVK: You're the one who was deceived, so why are you apologizing to me?

Saiga-12: I'm not apologizing for what happened tonight, but for my behavior when we first met.

Saiga-12: It was very rude of me to force that photo magazine on you out of the blue.

KSVK: Hm, it did shock me for a bit.

KSVK: Nobody had ever given me something like that, so that was interesting.

Saiga-12: I'm really sorry if I left a bad impression.

Saiga-12: I...I was only trying to be friendly, and I wanted you to be nice to me.

Saiga-12: But I might have gone about it the wrong way.

Saiga-12: Sorry.

KSVK: ...If you want people to be nice to you, be the person who shows kindness first, huh?

KSVK: That's actually a very good attitude to have.

Saiga-12: But I was also too pushy and inconsiderate.

Saiga-12: People might not appreciate my gesture. I don't really know them, after all.

KSVK: Then let's start all over again.

Saiga-12: Huh?

KSVK: 2pm tomorrow. I'll be waiting at the Café.

Saiga-12: What?

KSVK: Save your apology for now. Even the Fox has to wait to meet the Little Prince.

KSVK: Think of it as our first encounter tomorrow.

KSVK: Making a ceremony out of it really does fill me with the greatest of anticipation.

Saiga-12: ...I-I'll be there on time!