In a corner of the Griffin base.

Commander: S.A.T.8 sure picked a secluded place to work in...

Commander: Still, it's quite appropriate, considering that the task she's handling this time is a little dangerous.

I knock on the warehouse door, and the voice from within is clearly annoyed.

S.A.T.8: How many times do I have to tell you that you can't handle this, ART556?

S.A.T.8: Instead of causing me trouble, just stay put in the dorm, and you'll get to play in a few days!

Commander: Ahem... S.A.T.8, it's me.

S.A.T.8: Huh? C-Commander?

S.A.T.8: The warehouse door opens and S.A.T.8 looks at me in surprise.

Commander: Ah...

S.A.T.8: I'm sorry... At first I was just going to try these clothes on and show them to the others afterwards...

Commander: That's fine. Does this mean I'm getting a sneak peek?

Commander: Also, they're very pretty.

S.A.T.8: Really? Thank you, Commander.

S.A.T.8: Although, what brings you here?

Commander: Type 81R asked me to check on how the preparations for Spring Festival were going.

Commander: What, she didn't tell you?

S.A.T.8: Ah...she did say I'd have to report my progress.

S.A.T.8: She didn't tell me you'd be the one checking up on me though...

S.A.T.8: Jeez, you took me completely off guard.

Commander: I saw Type 81R was having a hard time, so I thought I'd help share her workload.

Commander: You're in charge of purchasing the fireworks and firecrackers, right? Are they ready?

S.A.T.8: The stock I purchased earlier came a long time ago.

S.A.T.8: However, as you know, there are very few vendors in the region that make this sort of thing.

S.A.T.8: What we we managed to buy is completely inadequate, so I'm thinking about using homemade fireworks to make up for the shortfall.

Commander: I heard as much from ART556.

S.A.T.8: I look behind S.A.T.8. The table by the wall is covered in rolled papers. There are also unknown materials on the other end of the warehouse.

Commander: It all looks a little dangerous to me...

S.A.T.8: Don't worry, Commander. I did a lot of research for this.

S.A.T.8: I carefully noted down the recipe and procedures. There won't be any problem.

Commander: Mm, I can rest easy knowing that you're doing this.

Commander: So, how long do you think this will take?

S.A.T.8: If I put in some overtime, I should be able to finish by Spring Festival's Eve.

S.A.T.8: Although I'd really rather not do overtime if I can avoid it, haha...

S.A.T.8: Well then, Commander, anything else you'd like to ask?

Commander: Er, not really.

S.A.T.8: While I'm confident that I won't set off an explosion, there's always an element of risk when working with gunpowder.

S.A.T.8: Also, I need to keep up the pace and meet today's quota, otherwise I'll fall behind schedule.

Commander: W-wait up, S.A.T.8, don't push me...

S.A.T.8: If you're free, help me keep an eye on ART556!

S.A.T.8: Just don't let her come over and make trouble.

S.A.T.8 shoves me out of the warehouse and closes the front door in my face.

Commander: S.A.T.8... She seems really serious about this.

Commander: Guess I'll leave her to it and come back in a couple of days.

On the afternoon of Spring Festival Eve, the T-Dolls stationed here are all busy preparing for the banquet in the evening.

After settling the problems in the kitchen, I encounter S.A.T.8 in the base.

S.A.T.8: I was just looking for you, Commander.

S.A.T.8: I finished my prep work on time~

Commander: Alright, I got it.

Commander: Your task was the most troublesome this time. Well done.

S.A.T.8: It was alright for me.

S.A.T.8: Besides, I didn't have time to celebrate the New Year... It just so happens that there is a similar festival, so I want to liven it up.

Commander: I thought you'd have chosen to cook.

S.A.T.8: That was my plan at first, but Gr Mk23 insisted on being head chef when we were handing out our duties, so I let her do it.

S.A.T.8: Besides, it's okay as long as the head chef isn't one of those Dolls that only know how to make potatoes.

Commander: Haha... I'm sure Gr Mk23 won't have problems making dishes.

S.A.T.8: So I decided to take on the task of making fireworks and firecrackers instead.

S.A.T.8: There's no better way to start a new year...

S.A.T.8: ...than with a splendid fireworks show after a sumptuous dinner!

Commander: A fireworks show?

S.A.T.8: Haven't you seen one before, Commander?

S.A.T.8: Humans used to launch something like illumination flares into the sky during festivals. Of course, fireworks look much prettier than that. The shells burst in mid-air to form flowery patterns.

S.A.T.8: This sort of thing happened all over the world, but this region typically did it on New Year's Day, while the East Asians would do it during the Spring Festival.

Commander: Now that you mention it, I kind of remember that...

S.A.T.8: I wanted to give it a try after looking through the data.

S.A.T.8: I made a lot of fireworks shells in addition to the firecrackers Type 81R wanted.

S.A.T.8: In any case, I'm sure tonight is going to be...

Just then, a crackling sound comes from somewhere in the base.

It sounds like gunfire, but not quite...

S.A.T.8: That noise...

S.A.T.8: Don't tell me—!

S.A.T.8 and I run toward the source of the sound.

In the courtyard, the expended remains of the firecrackers on which S.A.T.8 had worked so long and hard are lying on the cold hard ground. There are several more cylindrical objects spewing sparks into the air.

S.A.T.8: ...

S.A.T.8 stares in mute horror at the scene before her.

I have no time to comfort her; I promptly throw myself into the "operation" to quell this disturbance.

Half an hour later.

Commander: Well, we managed to save some of the firecrackers thanks to M590.

Commander: But...there's nothing we can do about the fireworks shells.

S.A.T.8: ...Who did it?

Commander: Er...

Commander: (I'd better tell the truth now...)

Commander: It was ART556...

S.A.T.8: ...

S.A.T.8: S.A.T.8 lowers her head, her eyes hidden in the shadow of her bangs.

S.A.T.8: Although I can't see her face, the gloominess around her seems to freeze the air solid.

Commander: Er, S.A.T.8? Are you alright?

S.A.T.8: I won't have time to make them again now...

S.A.T.8: My plan...the fireworks display...it's all ruined...

Commander: Uh...maybe we could think of a way to see how else we can make up for it...

S.A.T.8: Make up for it... yes...

S.A.T.8: Where is...ART...556 right now?

S.A.T.8: S.A.T.8 looks up abruptly. She is holding back tears, but her eyes are burning with a fire of fury and despair that I have never seen before.

S.A.T.8: ART556! Get your behind out here!

S.A.T.8: I'm going to scrap you!

S.A.T.8: I'm going to stuff your parts into a rocket and shoot you into the sky!! And I'll use everything that's left to feed the New Year's bonfire!!!

S.A.T.8: Where are you?!!!!! Show yourself!!!

Commander: S.A.T.8?! Calm down!

With the aid of the other T-Dolls and no small amount of effort, I finally manage to calm S.A.T.8 down from her berserk fury.

As a wave of fatigue washes over me, I find myself hoping that nothing else will go wrong on this New Year's Eve.

On the night of Spring Festival Eve.

The Dolls are gathered in the dining hall to enjoy a lavish Reunion Dinner, but one person looks very depressed.

Commander: You don't seem to have an appetite, S.A.T.8.

S.A.T.8: Commander... Sigh...

S.A.T.8: My plan was suddenly ruined and I feel like I'm about to explode. I can't settle down at all.

S.A.T.8: I'm so sorry for making trouble for you and the others earlier...

Commander: It's fine, it wasn't your fault anyway.

Commander: Also, there are still some firecrackers and fireworks shells left, so your fireworks show can go on.

Commander: I also discussed things with Kalina, and we can spare a few illumination flares too.

S.A.T.8: Really?

S.A.T.8: It won't have the effect of the originals, but I could try modifying the ignition rundown...

Commander: Oh, and there's also this.

S.A.T.8: I lift the lid of the lunchbox in my hands and show S.A.T.8 the delicious food it contains.

S.A.T.8: Commander, this is...?

Commander: A gift of apology from the culprit.

Commander: She didn't dare come in person because she was afraid you'd scrap her, so the task fell to me.

Commander: Want to try some? It's apparently some sort of secret recipe.

S.A.T.8: Mmm...I will.

S.A.T.8: This! This is delicious... How did she make the meat?

S.A.T.8: It looks fatty and it's a little sweet, but it's not oily or heavy at all... This is amazing!

Commander: Is it? Then let me try some too... Mmm, tastes pretty good.

Commander: Looks like good food really does improve the mood.

S.A.T.8: Still... I won't forgive her that easily, even if she tries to buy me off with goodies!

Commander: Why not put your grudge aside for today?

Commander: I'm still looking forward to the fireworks show you're going to put on.

S.A.T.8: Mm...

S.A.T.8: Well, it might not be as spectacular as I wanted it to be, but I'll do my best to make up for the shortfall!

Commander: Alright, then you'd better eat up quick.

Commander: You need to eat your fill in order to get the energy to perform, right?

S.A.T.8: Commander... Grazie mille.

S.A.T.8: I don't know what I'd do tonight if it wasn't for you.

Commander: Haha, it's nothing.

Commander: Besides, I want each and every one of you to welcome the new year with a smile on your face.

The clock strikes 12 amidst the warm and festive mood in the air.

The sound of firecrackers chasing out the old and bringing in the new echoes through the base.

Griffin T-Doll: Are these fireworks? They're pretty loud.

Griffin T-Doll: Don't you know? That's how you chase away monsters and demons at Spring Festival!

Griffin T-Doll: It feels like there's a bunch of weird noises blended in with them... Ah, never mind. The important thing is that they went off.

As the sound of firecrackers fade away, colorful star patterns light up the sky above the base.

Griffin T-Doll: It's beautiful...

Griffin T-Doll: Those few starbursts look particularly bright, kind of like flares.

Griffin T-Doll: I saw video clips from the past, the fireworks that humans used to celebrate Spring Festival were that bright.

Griffin T-Doll: Really? Then I'd better take a picture. Who knows when I'll be able to see them again.

And so, the festival that we commemorated with ancient traditions draws to a close, and the new year begins.

I don't know if our wishes for the upcoming year will come true...

But the tickets back home, the new clothes, the sumptuous dinner and the dazzling fireworks all left fond memories in my heart.

I imagine that it's the same way for the girls too.