...

Serdyukov: ...Commander?

Serdyukov: What's this sudden meeting about?

Commander: I have a tricky assignment for you.

Serdyukov: Please explain.

Commander: Half an hour from now, I'm going to convene a briefing about an operation to search for mermaids.

Commander: You and QJY-88 will be in the rescue team together.

Commander: The mission is pretty laid-back in itself, you just have to make everyone's safety your top priority.

Serdyukov: Thank you for entrusting me with this task. I'll do my best to see it fulfilled!

Commander: However, QJY-88 is a special case.

Commander: She isn't equipped for maritime battle.

Commander: Her lack of swimming capabilities, coupled with her fear of the unknown...

Serdyukov: I understand.

Commander: Seeing that you've received professional training, I'm leaving her in your good hands.

Serdyukov: Leave it to me!

Commander: Take some time to think about how best to proceed.

Commander: Now I need to make other arrangements.

Serdyukov: I've been entrusted with such an important task, I must not let the Commander down.

Serdyukov: I'd better hurry up and design a life-saving course tailored to QJY-88...

Serdyukov: Fear of the unknown, huh...

Serdyukov: Hmm...then I should first start with contact with the sea...

...

0400 in the early morning.

Having finished coming up with the rough structure of the training course, Serdyukov walks past the factory and notices that the lights are still on.

Thinking that someone must've forgotten to turn them off, she enters the building to do that, but finds an exhausted QJY-88 trying to fight off sleep.

Serdyukov: (QJY-88?)

Serdyukov: (What is she doing at such an hour?)

Serdyukov slips quietly behind QJY-88 and sees the pile of blueprints and calculation drafts sprawled across the worktop.

Serdyukov: (Looks like she's also working very hard for this mission.)

Serdyukov: (I'll also do my best to help you, QJY-88.)

She backs away just as silently.

The next day, 0200 in the morning.

Serdyukov comes to the factory again— the lights are still on.

She walks inside and finds QJY-88 asleep with her chin resting on her hand.

Serdyukov lightly puts some snacks down, then slips away.

The third day, 0600 in the morning.

Serdyukov arrives at the factory again.

QJY-88 is sleeping soundly right on top of the work bench, with some sort of device held tightly in her arms.

Serdyukov sighs softly, takes a look at the time, and turns back to start packing.

...

Six hours later.

The mermaid investigators have arrived at the designated beach.

An hour later.

Serdyukov drags QJY-88 out of the large crate she's been huddling in and pulls her towards the glittering blue sea, with the brilliant sun shining above their heads.

She looks sideways at QJY-88, who's shuddering with her eyes squeezed shut.

Serdyukov: (Was I as frightened as QJY-88 on my first maritime mission?)

...

Serdyukov: Take a deep breath and relax.

Serdyukov: It's just a mission on the sea, it's not so different than missions on land.

Serdyukov: You're a professionally-trained Tactical Doll, so don't behave like a total rookie...

Serdyukov: Alright, Serdyukov.

Serdyukov: I'm going to start counting down from 5. When I reach 1, I'll go and carry out my mission with grace and confidence.

Serdyukov: 5...4...3...

Serdyukov: 2...

Serdyukov: 1.9...1.8...1.7...

Serdyukov: ...

Serdyukov: What the hell am I doing...?

Serdyukov: This is...so silly...

ADS: Is everybody ready?

ADS: Please come and assemble over here!

ADS: I'm going to walk you through the operation.

Serdyukov: Don't panic! Be confident, be graceful!

Serdyukov: Serdyukov, you've got this!

...

ADS: ...That's about it.

ADS: Any questions?

All Squad Members: No, all clear!

ADS: Excellent, now spread out and get yourselves warmed up.

ADS: Serdyukov, please stay behind for a bit.

Serdyukov: Do you have some other mission for me, ADS?

ADS: Nope.

ADS: You just look very nervous.

ADS: So I'm just wondering how you're doing.

Serdyukov: Thank you for your concern.

Serdyukov: But if you're referring to my darting eyes, I'm just staying vigilant and keeping my eyes on my surroundings.

Serdyukov: (Am I that obvious...?)

Serdyukov: (I've prepared so much for this though.)

Serdyukov: (I've memorized all the replies to the "How to act like a pro on my first maritime mission" thread on Griff-chan...)

ADS: "If you're spotted for being nervous, just casually brush it off as vigilance."

ADS: By the way, I was the one who resolved the "How to act like a pro on my first maritime mission" thread.

ADS: It was made anonymously so I wasn't too sure, but now I'm absolutely certain after you said that.

Serdyukov: ...

ADS: People are giving us curious looks. Let's move to the depot over there.

ADS: Serdyukov, this is your first maritime mission, isn't it?

Serdyukov: ...

Serdyukov: Yeah, but that doesn't mean I can't⁠—

ADS: I know what you want to say, Serdyukov.

ADS: I picked you to join my squad because I have faith in your abilities and professionalism.

Serdyukov: Thank you...

ADS: Many Dolls who have never worked with me before don't trust my performance in battle because of my physical appearance.

ADS: They tend to treat me as a child and mess around with me, but wouldn't take the mission seriously.

ADS: Which is why I'm very grateful that you trust me, Serdyukov.

Serdyukov: ...

ADS: Right, now I'm going to explain the differences between missions at sea and on land.

ADS: You've mostly been assigned the latter, right?

ADS: Actually, they aren't all that different, in my opinion...

Serdyukov: Yeah? I agree!

ADS: Mhmm! You just have to bear a few things in mind...

...

......

An hour later.

ADS: That's pretty much all there is to say.

ADS: I'll explain the rest when we're in action.

Serdyukov: ...

ADS: You know, I actually prefer underwater missions, especially the ones under the sea!

ADS: I've seen jellyfish before. They look really pretty and delicate. The way they drift and sway in the water is so mesmerizing it's almost dream-like.

ADS: If we see them, I'll point them out for you!

Serdyukov: Sure, I've never seen sea creatures before.

Serdyukov: Come to think of it, isn't it about time we started the mission...?

ADS: We're working in pairs for this operation.

ADS: I've already grouped up the others, so you can be my partner.

ADS: Let's work together then.

Serdyukov: Hold on, partners are required to stay together by sharing a safety cable, right...?

Serdyukov: If something happens to me in the process...

Serdyukov: It doesn't matter much if I retreat, but you have to remain on the field, don't you...?

ADS: Don't worry, this mission is only moderately difficult.

ADS: We'll definitely complete it, just follow my lead!

ADS: I have high hopes for you~

...

Serdyukov: So that's pretty much it regarding basic life-saving techniques.

Serdyukov: Now we should start patrolling to make sure everyone is safe!

QJY-88: I have accumulated a lot of knowledge about life-saving, but somehow I have a feeling that...

Serdyukov: Don't worry, let's revise everything as we make our rounds!

After an hour of patrolling.

QJY-88: Did you hear that, Serdyukov?

Serdyukov: Hear what?

QJY-88: I think someone's shouting for help over there...

Serdyukov: You think so? But the sea looks very calm to me...

Serdyukov: Let me check with my binoculars.

Serdyukov returns to where she placed her bag for her binoculars.

A black crow comes out of nowhere and stares curiously at her bag.

She pays it little attention and keeps rummaging through her bag.

However, the crow tries to make off with her belongings from the bag.

Serdyukov opens fire decisively to scare it away.

Serdyukov: My old code name was Crow, but that doesn't mean I'll condone your mischief.

Serdyukov returns to her search for her binoculars, but suddenly hears QJY-88's shout.

QJY-88: R93!

QJY-88: Hang in there! I'm coming to save you!

Serdyukov: QJY-88!

Serdyukov turns around in shock and sees QJY-88 dashing towards the sea.

Under the brilliant sunlight, QJY-88's footsteps disrupt the calm water surface as she kicks up pearly seafoam.

Serdyukov: QJY-88...

The seawater gradually climbs over QJY-88's waist, chest...and QJY-88 dives head-first into the sea...

Serdyukov watches with bated breath.

A few seconds later, QJY-88 finally resurfaces. But just as Serdyukov is about to relax—

QJY-88: Help! Cough, cough!

QJY-88: I...(gurgles)...can't swim!

QJY-88 struggles helplessly in the sea and starts choking on water.

Serdyukov looks further into the distance and can just make out the pink hair billowing like seaweed in the ocean...

Her processors go into overdrive, calculating the probabilities of successfully rescuing both Dolls in her current condition.

Serdyukov can feel her neural cloud heating up with every negative conclusion she draws, and finally terminates her calculations.

Serdyukov: I can only save one...

Serdyukov: I'll get QJY-88 first since she's closer... R93, forgive me...

Serdyukov: ...

Serdyukov: QJY-88! I'm coming to help you!

Serdyukov runs towards the sea with a swim ring. Following QJY-88's route, she starts swimming ferociously after the drowning Doll.

ADS: Serdyukov! Stay there and don't move!

ADS: I'm coming!

Serdyukov: ...Okay!

ADS: Here, give me your hand!

ADS: Good. Now jump towards me.

ADS: Don't look down. Keep your eyes on me, Serdyukov!

Serdyukov: I'll...try...

ADS: We trust each other, right?

Serdyukov: Right.

ADS: Then leave yourself entirely to me, Serdyukov!

Serdyukov: Just as I trusted ADS back then, QJY-88 and the Commander have both placed their trust on me.

Serdyukov: I can't let them down!

Serdyukov swims towards QJY-88 with even more gusto.

She's getting closer and closer, so close she can practically touch QJY-88 if she just reaches out.

Suddenly, an object falls right next to her from the sky. She can tell with a single look that it's her sunglasses.

Before she can react, her belongings start raining down from above one after the other.

She looks up and finds the crow that she scared away is now carrying her bag and dumping everything inside right onto her...

Serdyukov starts panicking. She tries to pick up her things as she avoids getting hit herself, all the while worrying about QJY-88...

Soon enough, certain mechanical components in Serdyukov's lower leg start malfunctioning due to the nerves and vigorous movements.

Serdyukov: Go away! Dammit...

Serdyukov: Argh! (Gurgles) My...

Serdyukov: ...leg...is malfunctioning... (Gurgles)

QJY-88: Serdyukov!

Serdyukov grabs her leg in pain and starts sinking. It feels as if the ocean is dragging her into the abyss.

Serdyukov: How could I screw up at such a crucial moment...?

Serdyukov: Calm down! Take a deep breath...cough, I forgot I'm in the sea...

Serdyukov: What should I do?! Somebody save me...

Serdyukov: ...

Serdyukov: QJY-88...

Serdyukov: Save me...

Serdyukov: Hmm...is that?

QJY-88's arms circle around Serdyukov from behind and holds her tight.

Serdyukov: ...QJY-88?

Serdyukov: She actually remembers the life-saving technique I taught her!

Serdyukov: She's even applying it perfectly!

Serdyukov slowly begins to relax. She feels safe in QJY-88's arms.

Serdyukov: Judging from the distance I've swum, it'll take a while for QJY-88 to reach the shore.

Serdyukov: I suppose I'd better adjust my respiratory system and save up on...

Serdyukov: Hmm? Huh?!

Serdyukov is suddenly raised right out of the water.

That is when she suddenly realizes...that the water is only about 1.5m deep.

QJY-88: ...

Serdyukov: ......

QJY-88: Let's...get back to the beach first.

The two flustered girls make their way awkwardly to the shore.

The moment their feet reach the soft and dry sand, they slump heavily onto the beach.

Serdyukov: ...

QJY-88: ...

Serdyukov: Pff-Hahahahaha...

QJY-88: Hahahahahaha...

Serdyukov: That must've been...

Serdyukov: One of the top ten ordeals I've ever had in my career, hahaha...

QJY-88: No, it was all my fault...

Serdyukov: If you hadn't come and saved me, we'd both be lying in the repair bay.

Serdyukov: I knew I was right to have faith in you~

QJY-88: Ugh... Thank you, Serdyukov.

QJY-88: If it weren't for you, I'd probably still be cowering in the big crate.

QJY-88: I would definitely not have the courage to run out to sea...

QJY-88: Though we could both have...

Serdyukov: ...I won't tell a soul.

Serdyukov: In return, don't mention my malfunction just now...

QJY-88: Serdyukov... Haven't we forgotten something...?

Serdyukov: ...

Serdyukov: R93 is still...

Serdyukov: We've got to tell the Commander right now!

On the beach bathed in warm sunlight, the two flustered girls set off running hand-in-hand.