...At the T-Doll dormitory.

Skorpion: Aha, the anniversary banquet is finally here once again! What should I wear for my battle robe...? Let's go with this! I'm sure to become the center of attention this time! Hehe...

...In the command room on a certain day before the banquet.

Skorpion: Com~ man~ der!

Commander: What is it, Skorpion? You seem happy today.

Skorpion: Commander, where's mine? Where's mine?

Commander: Your what? Meat for your lunch? Did the machine gun T-Dolls take all the meat again?

Skorpion: ?...No, even though that's another problem, it's not the time to talk about that...

Skorpion: Commander! Is there something wrong with our base's mail service?

Commander: No, everything's working properly. Is there a problem?

Skorpion: It's the invitations for the anniversary banquet!

Skorpion: I just saw Mosin-Nagant with one, so how come I haven't received mine yet?

Commander: Ah, about that...

Commander: Since we're inviting so many people from outside of the company, the official banquet isn't open to everyone.

Commander: (I check the list, but unsurprisingly, Skorpion's name isn't on it.)

Skorpion lowers her head with an expression even sadder than the one she usually wears when she isn't able to snatch any meat.

Skorpion: (Silent)......

Commander: ...Skorpion?

Skorpion: (Silent)......

Commander: Ah, right, I'm supposed to contact the engineering department if a T-Doll crashes. What was the phone number again...?

Skorpion: Uwaaaaaaaaaaah!!

Skorpion bursts out crying, scaring me.

Commander: W-What is it, Skorpion?

Commander: Why are you crying all of a sudden?

Skorpion: (Sobbing)...Why did this happen...?

Skorpion: I put so much effort into preparing my dress...

Commander: Hold on, Skorpion, actually...

Skorpion: (Sobbing)...

Skorpion: ...I looked over so many dress illustrations...

Commander: That...

Skorpion: (Sobbing)...

Skorpion: ...I went to consult with the clothing department so many times...

Commander: That's why I'm trying to say...

Skorpion: (Sobbing)...

Skorpion: Even though I worked so hard...

I quickly grab hold of Skorpion's shoulders and shake her with all my might.

She turns and looks at me, wide-eyed, as if she had just woken up from a nightmare.

Commander: Have you calmed down?

Commander: I'll send you to the café if you're not okay, alright?

She nods quickly, before vigorously shaking her head and composing herself.

I smile helplessly and let go of her.

Commander: For this anniversary, we're organizing not only a banquet.

Commander: On the same night, there will be a party on base, held specifically for the T-Dolls who weren't invited to the official banquet.

Commander: That's why you don't have to be so depressed.

Skorpion: (Abruptly raising her head) R-really?! That means...

Commander: Yes, exactly.

Skorpion: Commander, I might arrive later than the others, but!

Skorpion: You have to wait for the moment I arrive in my magnificent dress, you absolutely have to!

Commander: Looks like it's going to be a surprise, huh? I'm looking forward to it.

Skorpion: Of course! It's a promise!

Skorpion happily skips out of the command room, forgetting to close the door as usual.

Commander: Phew. Just as what you would expect from Skorpion, being able to cheer up so quickly.

Commander: It's a good thing she didn't ask why she wasn't invited to the official banquet... Yep, that's just like her.

...At the Griffin anniversary party.

Griffin T-Doll: Is that Skorpion? She looks so pretty. Just like a queen.

Griffin T-Doll: That dress looks amazing!

Griffin T-Doll: It's completely different from the boyish clothing she usually wears.

Griffin T-Doll: Umu, I want to take a selfie with Skorpion later...

Skorpion: Awesome! Choosing this dress was the right choice after all, everyone's praising me~

Skorpion: Being the center of attention is such an amazing feeling!

With a proud smile on her face, Skorpion walks gracefully past the group of T-Dolls and approached the Commander.

She tiptoes and spins in a circle, before leaning in slightly as she stared and blinked at the Commander.

Commander: What a pleasant surprise. Looks like it was worth the wait after all.

Skorpion: That's because it was a prom~ise~, hehe~

Skorpion: Commander, Commander, who's the prettiest person at the party tonight?

Commander: Ahem. Of course that would be you, Skorpion.

Skorpion happily spins in a circle, but this time almost hitting a head full of golden hair.

Skorpion: Ah, sorry, sorry...

Skorpion: Haa? It's you.

SR-3MP: Hmph. Your evasion is not bad.

SR-3MP: You're actually a handgun T-Doll, aren't you?

Skorpion: Hey! What're you talking about, you lewd bunny! It's obvious I'm the star of tonight's banquet!

Skorpion: Want me to burn your hair off?

SR-3MP: Ha! You'd go as far as fighting another T-Doll for the title of [Tonight's Star]? Maybe you should burn yourself!

Skorpion: Youyouyouyouyou!

Skorpion: Hmph! You're just trying to show off your messy, revealing dress. Dream on!

SR-3MP: Tch. I'll give you three seconds to apologize.

SR-3MP: Otherwise, I'll dismantle you and turn you into some fireworks to liven things up!

Skorpion: Don't even think about it, You lewd bunny!

SR-3MP: You smelly scorpion!

(Both of them turning to face the Commander at the same time) You decide! Com! Man! Der!

As I opened my mouth to say something, a chill ran up my spine.

Suddenly, a T-Doll clapped her hands and leisurely strolled over.

M1918: Okay, okay... Both of you are being really noisy...

M1918: Are you two competing to be the noisiest T-Doll here tonight?

M1918 winks at me with a relaxed expression on her face.

Commander: (Sighing in relief) Looks like everything will be fine...

Commander: Ah, there's Mosin-Nagant and 416 having a drinking competition...

Commander: (Rubs forehead) Looks like things will not be ending quietly tonight...

Commander: Though, seeing everyone enjoying themselves so much isn't such a bad thing.

Commander: This is their party, after all.