...

At the furniture packing point.

PKP: You're early.

SPP-1: I... ? Is something the matter, PKP?

PKP: Never mind.

SPP-1: Then why are you keeping your distance?

SPP-1: Do you not like working with me?

PKP: No, I'm just used to being by myself. Don't worry about it.

SPP-1: I-I see... In that case, nice working with you!

PKP: Likewise.

...

PKP: Customer No. 35, this is the simple packaging that you requested.

PKP: There's a cart here, you can use it to bring your item to the drop-off point outside.

Customer No. 35: Wow, this is exactly what I wanted! Thank you!

PKP: Is Customer No. 40 there? Your package is ready.

Customer No. 40: Thank you! The way it's wrapped, I'm sure he won't be able to guess there's a vase inside. Aha!

PKP: Customer No. 65...

SPP-1: ...

SPP-1: Even though I was so upbeat and confident when talking to her...

SPP-1: I'm no help at all now!

While the furniture packing point is serving its third customer.

SPP-1: The number of customers is growing. Can you handle it, PKP?

SPP-1: All that packing and wrapping looks pretty tiring.

PKP: It's fine. Well within operational tolerances.

SPP-1: Would you like me to help? I can, like say, help you fetch the wrapping paper...

PKP: Your clothes aren't suited to moving around in the packing area. I don't need your help.

SPP-1: I can do it if I'm careful. I mean, this was supposed to be a two-Doll job in the first place; it'll be better if we worked together, right?

PKP: ...

SPP-1: That customer just now wanted something festive, so we need red wrapping paper, right?

SPP-1: All these papers are red...

PKP: Thank you, get me R-2.

SPP-1: R-2?

PKP: I marked it on the shelf.

SPP-1: Ah, I didn't notice the labels when I took these down...

PKP: I need the one with golden stripes.

SPP-1: Uh, you mean...this?

PKP: ...I'll get it myself.

SPP-1: (Groans)

PKP: Put these floral-print ones back. When I call out a number, get me the corresponding item.

SPP-1: Okay, then I'll—

SPP-1 puts the items away, but just as she turns back, the elaborate train of her dress catches on the edge of the shelf holding all the wrapping materials.

PKP: Careful!

SPP-1: Whoa!

PKP: ...

SPP-1: Oh no...they all fell down...

SPP-1: Uh, I'll...

PKP: Save it, just stand aside.

PKP: It's too cramped in here; we'll just get in each other's way.

SPP-1: But...

SPP-1: ...Alright.

SPP-1: I didn't manage to help out in the end, and I caused PKP all that trouble...

SPP-1: And more and more people are coming.

SPP-1 curls up in a giant abandoned fish tank. The more she thinks about how things turned out, the more upset she gets.

PKP: Customer No. 132, please collect your package.

Customer No. 132: Whoa, this is well done.

Customer No. 150: How much longer until it's my turn? She's only at No. 133!

Customer No. 150: Gosh, I'm number 150. There are still almost 20 people before she gets to my order!

Customer No. 201: All the standing is starting to make my legs hurt... (Sighs) Maybe I shouldn't buy it after all...

SPP-1: ...

SPP-1: That's right! I might not be good at packing and wrapping, but there's still something I'm good at!

SPP-1: This fish tank is big enough for me to draw their attention!

SPP-1: It's so big that I can put on a full show!

SPP-1: Time to demonstrate my underwater agility!

SPP-1: Alright, I've got a power cable and a plastic casing. Awesome!

SPP-1: Now, I'll make a small motor, then add an LED to make it glow... I'll take one from the lights...

SPP-1: Now some tulle to decorate this little fellow...

Passerby 1: Huh? The fish tank is being filled up?

Passerby 2: Isn't this the fish tank from the previous aquaculture exhibition? Why are they using it in a furniture expo?

Passerby 3: Are they preparing it for the next event? Ah, isn't there someone up there?

SPP-1: Ladies and gentlemen, your attention please!

SPP-1: In order to alleviate the stress and fatigue of queuing up, we will be putting on a special program—

SPP-1: An underwater dance, "Blue Lotus Night"!

With that, SPP-1 dives into the water, accompanied by elegant music.

A jellyfish gleams in the dim surroundings, illuminating the slim body of a young girl.

SPP-1: Ack! The water is so cold...

SPP-1: But I'm a Tactical Doll; a tiny temperature difference like this won't stop me from completing my mission!

The audience gasps in awe as she swims toward the jellyfish, then uses the anklet she's wearing to draw it away from herself. Her fishtail made of muslin and the jellyfish undulate in unison, tracing beautiful arcs in the water.

Passerby 1: It's so pretty...

Passerby 2: Did they hire a professional performer?

Passerby 1: Doesn't look like it, I think I saw her in the packing area just now... Is she one of the workers here?

Passerby 2: Who cares, I want to keep watching. What's this called, "Blue Sea Mermaid" or what?

Passerby 1: It's the "Blue Lotus Night"!

PKP: Customer No. 150, please collect your themed package.

Customer No. 150: Ah... Oh, is it my turn already?

Customer No. 150: Coming!

SPP-1: Everyone's attention is focused over here! Looks like the plan is a success.

SPP-1: Thank goodness, this is something I'm good at... I managed to help you out at least, PKP!

...

As I finish talking to PKP and arrive in the queuing area, SPP-1 is still performing in the fish tank.

Seeing her dive and roll while illuminated by a glowing jellyfish has an otherworldly beauty to it.

As I look at her, she happens to look my way...

Commander: ...

SPP-1: ...

She stretches out, then smiles to me.

SPP-1: Welcome, Commander.

Is she a siren? Or some aquatic goddess? For a moment, I can't really tell myself.

Commander: The queue is pretty much gone now, and you've worked hard. Want to come out?

SPP-1 nods and swims upward.

...Or rather, she makes the motion to swim up, yet she's not ascending.

SPP-1: What's going on? Something's dragging me down!

SPP-1: ...Oh no, it's the anklet... Did my improvised tinkering make it malfunction? I need to turn it off!

Commander: SPP-1, what's the matter? Sitrep!

SPP-1: Sorry, Commander, it's my anklet. I can't deactivate it...

Commander: Can you pull it off?

SPP-1: I'm trying...

SPP-1 curls up in the water, trying to pull off the anklet that's dragging her down.

The plastic casing crumbles easily with a squeeze from a Doll... Then there is an electrical flash!

SPP-1: Ah—!

SPP-1: Ugh... ah...(glub glub)

I need to get rid of the water. As I'm trying to figure out how to do that, a red and white object flies into the fish tank, followed by a series of gunshots.

The tank shatters on one side and water flows out.

The water level drops rapidly, while I, standing in front of the tank, remain completely dry.

Commander: PKP?

PKP: Please go check on SPP-1. I'll think of a way to get rid of the water on the ground.

Having said that, PKP leaves.

There isn't much water left in the fish tank at this point. SPP-1 crawls out, still clinging to the red and white life ring, and collapses to her knees on the ground.

Commander: Are you alright? Can you function normally?

SPP-1: I-I'm okay...

SPP-1: She stomps hard on the ground, completely shaking off the pulverized remains of the anklet.

SPP-1: I embarrassed myself in front of PKP again...

Commander: PKP's a perfectionist. You don't need to hold yourself to her standards.

SPP-1: Even so... I finally managed to help her out, but I messed it up in the end...

SPP-1: Now I owe her another one...

Commander: I don't think she minds, though.

SPP-1: But I do. Ah, I've got it!

Commander: Got what?

SPP-1: Commander, please lend me money!

Commander: Huh?

SPP-1: Please lend me some! Please, I'll pay you back when I get my salary!

...

In the end, I cave to SPP-1's pestering and give her all the money I have on me.

That amount is equivalent to half a month's pay for her...so what is she planning to do with it?

When I see PKP that night, the riddle is finally solved.