5 pm, December 24th.

The event for Christmas Eve will officially begin in just another hour.

I have finally finished everything at work as well as dealt with my own business. All that's left is to meet up with the event organizer and fill each other in with what we know.

Springfield: You're here, Commander.

Springfield: How are things on your end? Have they been dutifully preparing for the festivities?

I found Springfield in the room where all the presents are stored.

As the one who will play the role of Santa Claus tonight, she has already put on a crimson hood.

Commander: The preparations are pretty much complete.

Commander: However...there might be a small problem.

Springfield: Is something wrong?

Commander: Well...

I told Springfield about the strange things I had discovered in the wine cellar.

Springfield: Ah...

Springfield: Actually, I've also heard something about this.

Commander: What do you know?

Springfield: Some of the greedy little ones are planning to sabotage the event to hoard all the presents for themselves.

Springfield taps the enormous and fully stuffed white sack on the table.

Commander: Haha... I suppose Christmas presents ARE irresistible.

Commander: If it was me...

Springfield: If it were you, what would you do?

Springfield's smile is tender as ever, but somehow it feels a bit menacing right now.

Commander: I would never let them get away with it!

Springfield: Exactly, Commander. Presents are meant to be shared on such a joyous occasion.

Springfield: Let's make use of this opportunity and give those cheeky little ones a lesson.

Commander: ...It's good to educate them.

Commander: But don't go overboard, Springfield.

Commander: There are missions to carry out after the festivities. It'd be terrible if no teams are fit for duty.

Springfield: Don't worry, Commander. It's just a little punishment.

Springfield: I'd be devastated myself if I really ended up hurting them.

Commander: Say, you've been busy preparing the presents these days, right?

Commander: So how did you learn of this little plot?

Springfield: I have my own source.

Springfield: Besides, the little ones are like open books. It doesn't take much to see what they're thinking.

Commander: You're right... Then do you have any countermeasures?

Springfield: I've recruited some powerful T-Dolls as allies to make sure the event goes smoothly.

Springfield: As Santa Claus, I can't be fazed by such petty tricks.

Commander: Haha. Dependable as always, Springfield.

Springfield: I have to live up to everyone's expectations tonight. I will definitely play my part as Santa Claus perfectly.

Commander: Then we must protect such an outstanding Santa at all cost.

Springfield: ...Sorry?

Commander: I'll prepare a Plan B to deal with any emergency.

Commander: Don't worry too much. Just enjoy tonight's event.

Springfield: Then I'm counting on you, Commander.

Springfield: It certainly is a bit overwhelming to deal with everything on my own.

Two hours later.

The plot to sabotage Christmas was foiled.

When order has been restored to the scene, Santa starts giving out presents to everyone.

Springfield: There, all gone.

Springfield shakes out the empty sack to make sure nothing's left inside, then puts it onto her sleigh.

Commander: Thanks for the hard work, Springfield.

Springfield: You still haven't made your way to the banquet hall, Commander?

Springfield: It's cold out here...

Commander: I'm here to express my gratitude to Santa.

Commander: Organizing this event must've been exhausting.

Springfield: There was a lot to do... But seeing everyone so happy makes it all worth it.

I reveal a small package from behind my back and give it to Springfield.

Springfield: What's this, Commander?

Commander: You've forgotten about yourself when you were preparing all those presents, haven't you?

Commander: Everyone at Griffin deserves a present at Christmas, including Santa.

Springfield: Commander...Thank you.

Springfield: Then let me be the first to offer you Season's Greetings.

Springfield: Merry Christmas, Commander.

Holding her present, Santa smiles sweetly.