Before the day of the anniversary.

???: A bit more to the left. Good, just like that.

???: Alright, hang this one up next.

Commander: (Setting the place up? That's weird. Didn't they already finish yesterday?)

I faintly hear someone giving out instructions as I'm passing by the café.

Out of curiosity, I decide to take a look.

With one hand on her waist and the other pointing all over the place, SR-3MP is standing in the middle of the room directing her helpers.

Commander: (...Eh? Why is SR-3MP here?)

SR-3MP: Hey, good morning, Commander.

Commander: Ah...you noticed me already...

Commander: Good morning to you as well, SR-3MP. Say, what are you doing here?

SR-3MP: Can't you tell? I'm decorating the place for the party, of course.

Commander: But why?

Commander: If I remember correctly, Springfield had assigned M1918 to be in charge here.

SR-3MP: Pfft, she decorates like a granny!

SR-3MP: If an honored lady such as myself is attending, then I naturally have an obligation to spice this place up~

Commander: Like a granny... You don't pull any punches, huh...

Commander: M1918 would be heartbroken if she hears that.

SR-3MP: That's why I didn't tell her~

SR-3MP: I'm such a considerate person, don't you think, Commander?

Commander: Yes... I don't even know if I should praise your sense of self-importance...

SR-3MP: Come on now, it's not like a half-assed Doll like M1918 even cares about this sort of thing.

Commander: Are you sure?

Commander: She might give you a half-assed beating if she does.

SR-3MP: Of course I'm sure~

SR-3MP: Besides, it'll surely be perfect with me at the helm, so there's no need for you to worry, Commander.

Commander: (There's no point arguing on with her. I'll tell M1918 about it later...)

Commander: Right. You're full of energy today, SR-3MP.

SR-3MP: ...Hmph, I'm full of energy every day!

SR-3MP: It is a big loss for the company to have not invited me to the banquet!

Commander: Yes, I feel sorry for them.

Commander: You must look especially beautiful in a dress.

SR-3MP: Huhu, you have impeccable taste, Commander~

SR-3MP: If I can't get the spotlight at the banquet then the party will have to make up for it!

Commander: You seem to have frankly said something awfully extreme again.

SR-3MP: (Turns head) Hey, don't put this here! Put it on the shelf over there!

SR-3MP: Hey, hold on with the flowers over there! Leave it till later!

SR-3MP: What are they gonna do without me...

Commander: Um...

SR-3MP: (Turns head) Is there anything else you need, Commander? I still have things to take care of.

After the conversation, SR-3MP turns her full attention back to the café.

The Commander, standing aside, laughs helplessly and leaves the café afterwards.

...At the internal party.

With a glass of alcohol in her hand, SR-3MP is standing on the side with a sullen look on her face.

I walk over beside her, yet she strangely didn't notice me.

Commander: Hey SR-3MP~

SR-3MP: ...Eek! Commander!

SR-3MP: When did you get here? I didn't even see you!

Commander: What's the matter~

Commander: It's not like you to space out like that.

SR-3MP: Mmm... Because I'm pissed off.

Commander: Because of the argument with Skorpion earlier?

Commander: Don't dwell on it. You look suuuuuuuper dazzling today.

SR-3MP: Even with your compliment, I'm still not feeling better...

SR-3MP: The argument pisses me off too!

SR-3MP: ...But the person that pisses me off the most is her!

Commander: Who?

SR-3MP: M1918!

SR-3MP: If an honored lady such as myself got serious, I would never lose to that Skorpion brat!

SR-3MP: Yet, M1918 just had to butt in and screw things up. Now I can't let it go.

Commander: But it's better to not spoil your mood with an argument. You should be enjoying the party instead.

SR-3MP: If even the Commander agrees with her...

SR-3MP: But...

Commander: Hm?

SR-3MP: I suppose...M1918 is a little more mature than I am.

SR-3MP: But just a LITTLE! So little that I can easily surpass her if I felt like it!

Commander: (Laughs) Oh? Miss Whirlwind is actually complimenting someone else?

SR-3MP: Hmph, an honored lady such as myself is not the type of boorish and pretentious Doll that looks down on others.

Commander: (Although you do have an excessive sense of self-importance...)

SR-3MP: M1918 was on the guest list of the banquet, right, Commander?

Commander: Yes.

SR-3MP: I heard a lot of important people were there...

SR-3MP: So the fact that M1918 was there means she is only a little, LITTLE bit more mature than I am.

Commander: So you've finally realized.

Commander: You and Skorpion were the ones stirring up a commotion and M1918 was the one trying to defuse it.

SR-3MP: Tch... Anyways, that's what I've been thinking about.

Commander: So did you come to any conclusion?

SR-3MP: (Quiet voice) I...maybe...need a little more training...

Commander: If you can hone yourself to the level of not bickering with other children, you'll be good.

SR-3MP: Hmph, I'll hone myself to the level of being invited to the next company banquet!

SR-3MP: I will surpass M1918 in a year's time!

SR-3MP: An honored lady such as myself will be the first person on the guest list next year!

Commander: I can't wait.

SR-3MP: Good! Look forward to it!

I feel relieved now that SR-3MP is back to her energetic self.

Who knows... Maybe in a year's time when SR-3MP has finished her training...

She'll be the one to defuse conflicts between immature Dolls.