...In the Griffin base.

Suomi: Commander, are you serious?

Commander: Of course I am. Otherwise I wouldn't have called you over to give you this mission.

Suomi: But why would you pick me for a mission like this...

Suomi looks thoroughly confused.

She is holding a booklet about an upcoming wedding fashion exhibition.

The mission I gave her is to be a model during this show.

Suomi: ...I'd be more comfortable doing frontline reconnaissance or patrols.

Commander: Well, sometimes you have to step out of your comfort zone. Besides, didn't you say you wanted to become stronger a while ago?

Suomi: Mm, yeah, I did.

Commander: The first step to getting stronger is to identify your shortcomings and then overcome them.

Commander: Actually, we've had a commission like this before, and I could have sent a more experienced Doll to carry it out.

Commander: But I want to let our Dolls gain experience in as many different jobs as possible..

Suomi: But I'm not a fan of crowded places like these.

Commander: I know you've always liked to operate by yourself during missions, but the ability to work with others is also very important.

Commander: This commission concerns Griffin's image. At the same time I hope you can learn from this and improve your overall skills, so I can entrust you with more important missions in future.

Suomi: ...If you put it that way, I'll just have to do my best for this mission, Commander.

Several days later, in a certain photo studio.

The walls and floor of the studio are loaded with panoramic images, providing backgrounds from various scenic locations.

The only real thing in this scenery created with projections is the Doll in the wedding dress.

Photographer: Don't look at the camera. Make sure you look toward that light.

Suomi: Alright.

Photographer: Good. Now hold that pose and don't move.

The lavishly-dressed Suomi obediently does as the staff tells her.

She needs to try on her gown and her makeup before she can officially take the stage. In addition, she needs to take publicity photos and videos for the exhibition's promotion.

And before all that work even begins, it's taken her several hours getting dressed and having her makeup applied.

Suomi: ...

Suomi: While I haven't done a mission like this before, it's not particularly difficult or anything.

Suomi maintains a stiff, yet polite smile under the scrutiny of all the present crew members.

She does exactly as she is told.

On the first day of the job, Suomi even heard one of the photographers say.

"She's so much easier to work with than some big-shot models!"

Suomi: It's only a matter of time before the mission concludes in flawless success.

Suomi: But what bothers me is...

Suomi's gaze drifts over to the other side of the studio.

T-5000: Ah, how much longer will this take? If I don't get back in time to watch the latest episode of "Crimson Soul Kamen Rebirth"...

PKP: Quit yammering on about it, didn't you set a timer to record it before heading out today?

PKP: Keep your mind focused on work while you're on the job, don't let it wander.

Naturally, Suomi had not been the only one sent to take part in this wedding dress exhibition.

There was no way for one or two models to show off the sheer variety of wedding dresses on display, they were made by many elite designers to appeal to a wide range of markets afterall.

Suomi: I didn't expect that all the other Dolls would be so...off-beat. Oh yes...

Suomi: Is this what the Commander meant by improving my ability to work better with others?

Suomi: I hope the Commander simply didn't know about this. Otherwise the idea of being deliberately teamed-up with annoying Dolls is kind of distasteful.

Photographer: Alright, switch over to a kneeling pose.

Photographer: We took some extra time just now, but if things go well, we should be able to finish today's quota.

Suomi: Yes, I understand.

Suomi: I won't lose to them... I need to show the Commander know that I can perform well, even without teammates.

...The next day, in a certain photo studio.

Photographer: Alright, that's enough. Let's take a break for now.

Suomi: I'm fine, I can keep going.

Photographer: ...Ah, I understand that as a Doll, you don't need to rest, but our staff need to have their lunch.

Photographer: In any case, we'll meet back here in an hour. We need to discuss some things on our end as well.

Designer: Is the makeup too light? It doesn't seem to have the effect I was aiming for. Maybe we should adjust it after taking her hair color into consideration.

Designer: If need be, I can get the makeup artist right now.

Photographer: It's too early to tell. Let's see how the next batch of photos turn out first.

Designer: Do we have the time for that? We're kind of behind schedule already...

Photographer: If there's really no way, we'll let post-production handle it.

Designer: Are you serious? What will the audience think? They'll see through it right away!

Suomi: It seems things aren't going as well as expected.

Suomi: But I clearly followed every instruction they gave... Maybe I'm really not cut out to be a model.

As she looks at the staff members arguing about the publicity photographs, Suomi frowns and returns to the break room next to the studio.

Since they had finished the morning's schedule ahead of time, Suomi is the only one there.

The TV that was intended to help humans kill time is on, even without an audience to watch it.

TV News: ...As the dust settles on the demonstration turned riot last week , the police states that they will crack down hard on the instigators of violence.

TV News: Next up, the bill to accept a new wave of refugees from beyond the quarantine walls sparked widespread debate when it was unveiled.

TV News: According to the polls, the majority is of the opinion that the government is throwing hard-earned taxpayers' money into a bottomless pit...

Suomi stares at the television for a while. The world is every bit as chaotic as she remembered. Nothing's changed.

The world wreathed in fire and smoke that the television always shows is the workplace that Suomi is used to.

Suomi: ...What am I doing here?

Suomi: I'd clearly be able to accomplish much more if I were on the frontlines.

PKP: I didn't think anyone would be out of the studio before me. Did things go well on your side?

Suomi looks back and sees PKP enter the room. Despite wearing a wedding dress, she holds herself in her usual swagger.

Suomi: We're continuing in the afternoon. What about you?

PKP: My photographer said that we're done for the day.

PKP: T-5000 actually went home early yesterday to watch TV, so she's staying behind to make up for yesterday.

PKP: Still, my indoor shoot is pretty much done, so as planned, I'll be heading out in their vehicle for outdoor shoot tomorrow.

Suomi: I really envy Dolls who don't have a care in the world.

PKP: Oh? I thought mental restraint is a basic skill required of T-Dolls. Letting your thoughts distract you never helps.

Suomi: I had no intention of picking a fight with you.

Suomi: I just feel that the Commander may not have assigned us to where we could have done the most good.

Suomi: ...For instance, there ought to be missions more suitable for me than this extravagant and wasteful publicity stunt.

PKP: A mission is a mission. There's no good or bad about it.

PKP: A true elite doesn't pick and choose. They simply fulfill every order their Commander gives.

PKP: Surely you don't need me to remind you of that, do you?

Suomi: I know that, I'll complete this mission.

PKP: ...Is that so? Then excuse me. I'm heading back to base.

PKP leaves the break room with a "humph".

Suomi: ...This is a mission assigned by the Commander, after all... I need to complete it, even if I'm not suited for it.

...Several days later, in a certain photo studio.

Photographer: Stop, hold on for a minute. This isn't going to work.

Suomi: Hm?

Photographer: It's probably a bit strange to say this to a Doll...but your smile is too stiff.

Photographer: Could you give me a livelier, more sincere smile? The other Dolls from your company don't seem to have this problem.

Suomi: I...will try.

Photographer: Normally, we would have moved on to the outdoor shoot by now, but we can't get the ideal results from you... At this rate, we're going to be in trouble.

Photographer: Ah, that uniform...are you from Griffin? Thank goodness. As I was saying just now...

Commander: It's fine. Go take a break, I'll handle things here.

Suomi: Commander...

After sending off the staff member with some small talk, I turn to look at Suomi, who lowers her head in embarrassment.

Suomi: To think I would actually have to trouble you to deal with my problem in person... I am terribly sorry, Commander.

Commander: No, no, it's quite the opposite, actually.

Commander: The fact that I can actually be useful here — as opposed to only being worried about you girls through a monitor without being able to do anything— makes me very happy.

Commander: I heard from PKP that you've been feeling down these few days. What happened?

Suomi: She...! I can't believe she's been snitching on me!

Commander: Don't jump to conclusions. She didn't say anything negative about your performance. She was just concerned about you.

Suomi: (Groans)...

Suomi: Not only did I fail to complete the mission I was given...

Suomi: Someone like her is pitying me...

Tears start welling up in the corners of Suomi's eyes. It's not often that she shows her emotional side, so I gently pat her on the head.

Commander: ...
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: You're not happy with this, are you?
If choice 1 was picked

Suomi: Of course not! I failed to complete my mission and ended up wasting all that effort, I'm just...just terrible.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: If you want to cry, then go ahead and let it all out.
If choice 2 was picked

Suomi: Uu...uwaaaahhhhh!

Commander: There, there, it's okay now. So tell me, what's going on?

Commander: What's been bothering you so much to make you so distraught? I'm curious.

Suomi: Commander, well...may I be frank?

Commander: Of course.

Suomi: I...actually, from the very first day, I've been wondering if you had gotten the wrong idea about this mission, or if you had made the wrong decision.

Suomi: Griffin fights all kinds of dangerous battles every day, but I've been sent to put on pretty clothes like this and let people pose me like a barbie doll, without having to lift a finger myself.

Suomi: Does this...really count as a mission?

Suomi lowers her gaze, tiny teardrops sitting on her curled lashes.

Suomi: At first, I thought that I ought to be sent to carry out a more important mission, and not waste time here.

Suomi: But then, I just found out I can't even handle a mission where I don't need to do anything...

Suomi: It...hurts. It feels like every single day I've spent in the studio was pointless.

Commander: ...Pointless, you say?

Commander: I don't blame you. In fact, you're right to ask that question.

Suomi: Is...that so? I heard you're very good at lying, Commander.

Commander: I have no need to lie when it comes to something like this.

Commander: There have been debates about the subject for a long time. At least, they've been going since before I was born.

Commander: A long time ago, someone asked, "Why is mankind obsessed with launching rockets into outer space when there are children going hungry?"

Commander: And now people are asking, "Why can people live in frivolous luxury when there are still refugees suffering outside the quarantine walls?"

Suomi: Mm, yes, that's exactly what I'm wondering about.

Suomi: I just think that I shouldn't be sitting here...watching disasters unfold without doing anything to help.

Commander: It's true that there are a lot of bad things in the world, and there are a lot of things that make no sense, even to me.

Commander: But if you ask me, abandoning all the good things in life just because of the pain you see isn't a healthy attitude to have.

Commander: From your perspective, perhaps this fashion show is just a way for the upper crust to flaunt their wealth, but I see it differently.

Commander: To me, it means that even the people who live in this mutilated world haven't lost the ability to create beautiful things.

Suomi: The ability to create beautiful things?

Commander: Yes. Don't you think the wedding dress you're wearing right now is beautiful?

Suomi: Commander, s-surely you're exaggerating.

Suomi: And if what you say is true, then I don't deserve to wear this dress.

Commander: Then think about it this way. If you don't feel you deserve it, then what do you need to do to earn the right to wear such a lovely dress?

Commander: While many people are struggling to survive in hellish environments, as long as they know that there are still places in this world that are like paradise, then they won't lose hope for the future.

Commander: The fact is that you, in that dress, are not simply a mannequin.

Commander: To the people who see your photos and videos, you represent an ideal life, and all the things that are beautiful and good.

Commander: I feel that giving hope to the future is no less important a mission than risking your life in the contaminated zones.

Suomi: So...my mission...is to spread hope, huh?

As she hears this, Suomi clenches her fists and her eyes start gleaming in determination.

Suomi: Kiitos, Commander. I think I know what I should do.

Commander: Are you really alright?

Suomi: I'll be fine. Please look forward to the day I complete my mission, Commander.

Her voice is calm but filled with conviction. I choose not to probe any further.

That night, I received a picture that the organizers had chosen to be the theme image of this wedding fashion show.

In that picture, her eyes were filled with warm, tender anticipation, and her clear gaze seemed to pierce right into the beholder's soul.

That was when I knew Suomi had successfully completed her mission, and far surpassed my expectations.