When I enter the banquet hall, I find the place unusually quiet.

The T-Dolls are standing in front of the long tables like they've been waiting for me.

Commander: Why are you all just standing there? Feel free to dig in.

Springfield: We're near the end of exchanging presents, Commander.

Springfield: Everyone has received something... Now it's your turn.

Springfield: Please accept this Christmas present carefully prepared by all of us.

The T-Dolls part into two sides, making way for a large box half a person's height being wheeled out to me. It's even wrapped with a rainbow-colored ribbon.

Commander: What are you giving me...

Commander: I-Isn't this a bit too big?

Springfield: Just open it.

Commander: Okay.

Commander: Anyone got scissors?

I cut the ribbon and am just about to open the lid when I hear a faint rustle coming from the box.

Suddenly a force from within pushes the lid clean off. I dart back in reflex. The lid whizzes just past my nose and falls onto the floor.

Commander: ...That was close.

Before I even finish the sentence, I see two hands grabbing hold of the edge of the box.

Next to emerge is the flaxen crown of a certain T-Doll...

Commander: That's...Suomi?!

Commander: What are you doing in there?

Suomi: Never mind that, Commander. Please listen to me!

Commander: Uh...sure.

Suomi: Ahem, hmm...

Suomi: Then on behalf of all T-Dolls, I give you our Christmas best wishes.

Suomi presents a snow globe solemnly to me.

Still getting over my shock, I accept the ornament a little bemusedly.

At that moment, the lights dim.

Suomi: Dear Commander,

Suomi: We thank you for organizing this Christmas event for us.

Suomi: This is the first time we spend Christmas with you, the first time we experience the warmth of having a family, and the first time we receive our very own presents.

Suomi: To us, you are our special, irreplaceable Santa.

When Suomi finishes the speech, candle after candle are lit across the dim room.

She starts singing.

Suomi: Dashing through the snow...

Suomi: In a one-horse open sleigh...

Today is the first time I have ever heard Suomi sing.

Suomi: O'er the fields we go...

Suomi: Laughing all the way...

Even though I've heard that her taste in music is a little unusual...

Suomi: Bells on bob-tail ring...

Suomi: Making spirits bright...

I never knew that her singing is so beautiful.

Suomi: What fun it is to ride and sing

Suomi: A sleighing song tonight.

Suomi finishes her solo and all the T-Dolls join in on the Christmas song.

For some reason I feel like tearing up.

All I can do by the end of their performance is clap my hands off.

Commander: Thank you so much. This is honestly the best Christmas Eve I've ever had...

Before I could even finish expressing how moved I am, something unexpected happens.

Suomi: The Christmas Eve Party is about to begin.

Suomi: Let's have some music to heat things up!

Commander: Suomi! Wait-!

By the time I notice where she is, it's already too late to stop her.

She has already fed a CD titled "METAL XMAS" into the player.

Deafening heavy-metal rock music overwhelms the entire banquet hall.

Most T-Dolls are covering their ears, but a few of them aren't fazed at all, and actually seem to appreciate it.

Meanwhile, those in charge of security are displaying commendable professionalism.

FAL: I'll go handle the mixing console!

FAL: MG5, pick Suomi up and get her out of here!

MG5: Sorry, Suomi!

NTW20: I found the switch!

Under the cooperation of different T-Dolls, the playing track is promptly switched to more relaxing music.

The banquet hall soon reverts back to the warm and cozy state of when I first entered.

...Except Suomi is sulking in the corner.

Commander: Not going to eat, Suomi?

Suomi: ...No. Not hungry.

Looks like she's offended by having her track interrupted.

Commander: What music were you playing just now?

Suomi: A song from my favorite band.

Suomi: It's music that gives people strength... Why don't they like it?

Commander: That's not true, Suomi.

Commander: The music you played was a bit...niche, but I did see several T-Dolls enjoying it quite a bit.

Suomi: Really... So some T-Dolls here do have decent tastes.

Suomi: Do you like heavy metal, Commander?

Commander: Uh... How should I put it... At least not all the time...

Suomi bows her head dejectedly.

Suomi: I know that this kind of music is incomprehensible to many,

Suomi: But it's one of the best things from my home country, so I still hope...that more people can appreciate it.

Commander: Actually, it's quite interesting to try it every once in a while.

Suomi looks up and stares intently at me. Then she digs out a CD from the pile of presents next to her.

Suomi: If you want a try, give this a go.

Suomi: Beginner's level... Shouldn't be too hard to swallow.

Commander: You're giving it to me?

Suomi: Yes.

Commander: But you've already given me a Christmas present.

Suomi: That's from all of us. This one is only from me.

Suomi withdraws her hands awkwardly.

Suomi: If you don't want it...I won't force it on you.

Commander: Why would I not want it?

Commander: Every Christmas present is precious. I will try my best to enjoy it.

I take the CD from Suomi. She looks decidedly more cheerful.

Suomi: Then give it a proper listen.

Suomi: CDs like this are hard to find these days. It's the best memory of my homeland.

Commander: Yes, I promise I will.

Suomi finally smiles again and rejoins the festive merrymaking.

And thus I spent an unforgettable night with all of them.