The work of picking out bridal outfits and shooting locations is finally done for the day.

While this operation is fundamentally a protection mission, the part of it that involves the photo shoot is a novel experience for both the Dolls and myself.

Commander: Finally done with today's reports.

Commander: Huh... Is it only three o'clock?

Commander: The mission is tomorrow, but for some reason time seems to be passing really slowly...

Commander: I think I'll have a stroll around the base.

As I enter the cafe, I notice SV-98 sitting by the counter, completely engrossed in the display in front of her.

Commander: Good afternoon, SV-98.

Commander: What are you doing?

SV-98: Ah, hello, Commander!

SV-98: I'm just doing some research on our mission tomorrow.

Commander: What are you researching?

Commander: I don't recall there being anything that requires extra information...

SV-98: We're wearing wedding dresses and taking pictures tomorrow, aren't we? That's why I'm going through some literature on photography...

Commander: Well... Once we get there, all you need to do is to listen to the what the pros say.

Commander: You shouldn't need to prepare for this.

SV-98: The responsibility of taking photos does not lie solely on the photographer. The model has an important role to play too.

SV-98: Therefore, I must research the most photogenic poses for tomorrow.

Commander: I'm glad that you're so enthusiastic about this, but...

Commander: Have you forgotten that tomorrow's mission involves more than just taking photos?

SV-98: While the ultimate goal of the mission is to provide protection for our client...

SV-98: Didn't you say that the pictures would be used in publicity ads for the company and IOP?

SV-98: Since we're going to take them, then we ought to make them as effective as possible. After all, this affects our corporate image too, right?

Commander: (She hardly ever argues back like this... Looks like she's really invested in the whole picture taking thing.)

Commander: Ahem, I wanted to remind you not to lose sight of the objective.

SV-98: You're worrying too much, Commander.

SV-98: When have my calculations ever been in error?

Commander: ...You do have a point.

Commander: Since you say so, I'll just have to look forward to your performance tomorrow.

SV-98: I won't let you down!

The next day.

I hear the faint voices of a disagreement as I pass by a photo studio room while patrolling the building.

SV-98: Are you really sure that's a good pose?

SV-98: It would be better if I put my hand here, right?

Photographer: Miss, just trust me.

Photographer: As a professional, I want to make you look as good as possible.

I enter the room to see SV-98 standing in front of the backdrop while talking to the photographer.

Commander: (SV-98 in a wedding dress is night and day compared to her normal self...)

She sees me and waves at me.

SV-98: You're here, Commander!

Commander: I happen to be passing by, so I came in for a look... Did something happen?

Photographer: You must be the person in charge from Griffin, right? Can you help me talk some sense into her?

Photographer: She wants to do her own poses, but that won't bring out her best look.

SV-98: I did a lot of studying before we came here!

SV-98: Many of my poses are straight from classic photo collections, and I'm sure the angles of my arms are perfect!

Commander: ...

Commander: How about this, why don't you ask the photographer to take a shot with your favorite pose, and then do as the photographer asks for another shot?

Commander: Then we can compare them, and if the photographer's is better, then you'll have to do as she says?

SV-98: Very well. If you say so, Commander...

Ten minutes later.

SV-98 and I compare the two pictures in question.

SV-98: H-How did it end up like this?

SV-98: I followed the best pose according to my data, but why do I look so awkward?

SV-98: I spent so much time measuring the angles... The data should be correct...

Commander: If you ask me, photography isn't something you can do with measurements alone.

Commander: The same thing can look different in different environments.

SV-98: Eh...?

Commander: How should I put this...

Commander: It's just like what we normally do. We operate in different ways depending on the battlefield.

SV-98: ...Is that how it works...?

Commander: Not to mention, art isn't quite the same as war.

Commander: I'm not too good at phrasing this, but being too stiff can sometimes backfire on you... It makes you appear very unnatural.

SV-98: So the reason why the photographer keeps saying “a little to the right” and such...

SV-98: And she doesn't tell me exactly how far I should move is because of what you said, Commander?

Commander: Probably... In any case, "what looks best" isn't like target shooting. There's no absolutes.

SV-98 looks at me with confusion in her eyes.

SV-98: This is too complicated for me, Commander.

SV-98: But if I have to do whatever the photographer says...

SV-98: It makes me feel uncomfortable, like I'm just an ordinary decoration for photography.

Commander: Huh?

Commander: (Why would she think that?)

SV-98: While I was looking through the photo collections last night, a thought came up for some strange reason.

SV-98: The women in the photos looked like they were standing in front of me in real life, looking back at me...

SV-98: Seeing the expressions on their faces, I could feel how happy being able to wear a wedding dress must be for human women.

SV-98: I...I want to take pictures that convey that happiness too!

SV-98: I want pictures that fill me and everyone else who view those pictures with joy.

Commander: I see...

SV-98: Haha... Commander, you must think my neural cloud's short-circuited.

SV-98: I think it has myself...but for some reason, I just can't bring myself to delete that thought.

Commander: I don't think there's anything wrong with you, SV-98.

Commander: If you feel this way, then I'm certain you'll be able to take photos that you're pleased with.

SV-98: But I don't know how.

SV-98: Is it really enough to only do what the photographer asks?

Commander: Display those feelings of yours before the camera.

Commander: Relax a little, don't worry if your poses are a few millimeters off...and smile if you're happy. I think that'll be enough.

SV-98: Mmm... Although I don't completely understand what you mean, I'll try to do my best!

Commander: Yeah, just do your best to work with the photographer.

Commander: I'm sure they want to take the best pictures possible as well.

SV-98: I understand now, Commander.

SV-98: I'll be carrying on with my mission, then!

I continue to watch SV-98's shoot in the photo studio room.

For human women, wearing a wedding dress holds a special meaning. Is it the same for Dolls too?

I don't know the answer...

But in this very moment, I see her lips curl up ever so slightly.

And her smile is a perfect bullseye.