A terrified girl sprints along the hallway.

She's exhausted, but she dares not stop.

The phantom of what used to be her family is chasing after her, his once loving face now twisted by greed.

What to do, what to do...?

That's right, before Father passed away, he once said if I ever found myself in danger, head to the basement...

Having found a flicker of hope, the girl runs towards the basement with a burst of energy.

"So..."

"You're the little girl this time..."

An ominous yet irresistible voice.

Who is that? Who's talking in the basement? As the girl's blood is splashed onto that parched face, the dark voice talks again...

TAC-50: What do you think, S.A.T.8? Think it'll make a good warm-up for the Halloween party? Or should I change it to something else?

TAC-50: Halloween will be here soon so I've prepared quite a few ideas. If you want...

S.A.T.8: Hmm...it's definitely very atmospheric.

S.A.T.8: Sent a chill right down my spine...

TAC-50: Then should we make it a part of our Halloween event this year?

TAC-50: I can install speakers on Maple Moon to create the sound effects. As for the lighting...

S.A.T.8: Thanks for showing such enthusiasm, Miss TAC-50.

S.A.T.8: That is a brilliant idea! If you like, feel free to kick off the event with that.

S.A.T.8: But leave the rest of the planning to me, okay?

TAC-50: Oh...sure?

TAC-50: I see, a sense of mystery and suspense is also part of the fear.

TAC-50: Then do your best, S.A.T.8. Please don't hesitate to ask me for help!

S.A.T.8: Great. I'll definitely take you up on your offer if I do need help.

TAC-50: Be my guest.

After the conversation, TAC-50 returns to her dorm.

She sits in a daze for a while and her drone lands on her palm.

TAC-50: S.A.T.8... She probably wants to see how much she can achieve on her own, without any external interference.

TAC-50: I heard back in Lunar New Year, her fireworks were ruined by someone else... She must really want to make things right this time.

TAC-50 can see her own face reflected on Maple Moon's camera lens.

It overlaps with the face she sees from the drone's visual input projected directly into her neural cloud. She finally lets her tense shoulders slump.

TAC-50: I can understand her feelings, but it makes me uneasy not being able to help...

TAC-50: I want to do more. Dolls are created to help humans, right?

TAC-50: What should I do when I don't need sleep and there's nothing to do?

TAC-50: Sigh... What do you think, Maple Moon?

Silence in the room.

TAC-50 relaxes her grasp and Maple Moon floats back into the air.

TAC-50: ...Now I'm asking my drone existential questions, unbelievable. Still...doesn't the Commander do the same with me?

TAC-50: Oh...maybe I should eat some snacks, like waffles with maple syrup.

TAC-50: I haven't ingested any maple syrup in seven hours – I need to get some soon or my neural cloud will go crazy.

TAC-50: Need to stop overthinking it, I should look forward to the event that S.A.T.8 meticulously puts together!

TAC-50: It's decided then – I'm just gonna focus on making my part perfect!

...

It's been another seven hours. TAC-50 activates her visual module in a dark and unfamiliar space.

The infrared scan projects a holographic map in her neural cloud, but she remains puzzled as ever.

Right now...she finds herself lost in a different dimension because of an accident during the event.

TAC-50: Cities, forests, streets, oceans. Such illogical combinations can't exist in the real world, so this must be cyberspace.

TAC-50: I can't act rashly. Let me first try to recall what happened...

TAC-50: First, S.A.T.8 got scared by MDR's story.

TAC-50: Then there was a system notification saying that the signal synchronization was at 119.9% and there was a malfunction.

???: ...After that, we ended up here.

TAC-50: We? Who are you?

Maple Moon?: Look up, TAC-50. I've always been watching over you from up here.

TAC-50 raises her head in confusion. Maple Moon is hovering steadily mid-air.

Without her command, the lens aims itself at her, and she sees the familiar overlapping images in her neural cloud.

Maple Moon?: Have you finally noticed me?

TAC-50: Huh...?

TAC-50: Are you actually sentient, Maple Moon?

TAC-50: ...So all this time, you've been listening to me?

Maple Moon?: Halloween is all about experiencing the supernatural, isn't it?

Maple Moon?: So just for today, while we're here.

TAC-50: ...I kinda get it.

TAC-50: Then are you trying to tell me something?

Maple Moon?: Follow me, TAC-50. There's something you've got to know.

TAC-50: Hold on, I need to get in touch with my friends first! They're probably in here too.

Maple Moon?: So?

TAC-50: S.A.T.8 was terrified. It'd be dangerous if she's all alone.

TAC-50: We've got to find her ASAP.

Maple Moon?: And then?

TAC-50: What do you mean?

Maple Moon?: So...you're going to protect the Doll who refused your help and rejected all your valuable and constructive suggestions?

Maple Moon?: Don't you think...you really should just tear her apart?

TAC-50: ...

TAC-50 turns around abruptly and aims her weapon at the drone.

TAC-50: Who the hell are you? Get out of Maple Moon at once!

Maple Moon?: Can you really bear to do this?

Maple Moon?: I'm Maple Moon – a Maple Moon that only exists on a night like this.

Maple Moon?: All this time I've only been listening. There's something I really want to tell you, too...

TAC-50: Impossible. Maple Moon has always been with me. If you really are Maple Moon, you should know that!

Maple Moon?: No, YOU should know what the truth really is.

TAC-50: You're wrong!

TAC-50: S.A.T.8 did not reject my suggestions. She simply didn't wish to rely on anyone when organizing this event!

TAC-50: If you don't get out of Maple Moon this instant, I'll blast you both to pieces!

Her plan isn't actually feasible, and TAC-50's system keeps reporting an error.

Damaging Maple Moon doesn't guarantee the destruction of the consciousness that has hijacked the drone. Besides, TAC-50 isn't even sure if she can bring herself to harm Maple Moon, who has been with her ever since her creation.

But in the face of the unknown danger, she has no choice but to try to bluff her way out.

...

TAC-50: I don't care if you're a ghost or a monster.

TAC-50: Today is Halloween, I'm fully prepared to deal with the supernatural.

TAC-50: Want a taste of my anti-spirit ammo?

TAC-50: If you don't come out, I'm gonna pull the trigger!

???: We surrender! We surrender!

???: We just wanted to prank you a bit...

She has regained control over Maple Moon.

TAC-50 looks around, searching for the figure hiding in the dark.

She can't find any solid enemies, but she does notice a chilly and formless entity drifting next to her.

???: Please let us live.

???: It was just a practical joke.

???: We surrender, we surrender.

???: Please let us live.

TAC-50: Please refrain from messing with my companion. I hate that.

TAC-50: I'm contacting my friend. May I ask you to stay put for now?

???: You can't, you won't reach anyone.

???: This is our domain.

TAC-50: Who are you, then?

Ghosts: We're ghosts.

Ghosts: Ghosts that appear only on a night like this.

Ghosts: May we walk in hymns and dance in the land of fantasy...

TAC-50: ...That does sound like something Halloween-y.

TAC-50: Now what do you want with me?

Ghosts: You seem dejected.

Ghosts: If we scramble your neural cloud and take over your body...

Ghosts: We can leave this place...

TAC-50: I see. New enemies.

TAC-50: Maple Moon, mark them!

Ghosts: We told you, we told you! We surrender!

Ghosts: We have stopped jamming your signal...

TAC-50: ...

TAC-50: Nope, I can't just let you go.

TAC-50: You're too dangerous. It'd be bad if S.A.T.8 also runs into something like this!

TAC-50: I must hurry over and help her out.

Ghosts: We'll go in peace. We'll go.

Ghosts: Please don't kill us.

Ghosts: We just want to live. Even just in here.

TAC-50: ...Why would I believe you?

Ghosts: We just want to live.

Ghosts: Your friend is also strong. We will foster your connection right away.

Ghosts: Please don't kill us.

TAC-50: ...Fine. Help me get in touch with my friends and the outside world.

TAC-50: Get us out of here safely and I'll leave you alone.

Ghosts: Thank you, thanks a lot.

Ghosts: Now we can live.

TAC-50: ...Ghosts.

TAC-50: You were right, I really wasn't in a good mood.

TAC-50: But the outside world isn't as nice as you'd think. You can't just tear anyone to pieces.

TAC-50: Things aren't always so simple, and it's not just about what you like and dislike. You...won't enjoy living in a world like that.

Ghosts: Is that so? Is that so...

TAC-50: Just stay here...and live happily in a world without conflict or war.

TAC-50: You have no idea how jealous we are of you, or how happy I am to have come...

Ghosts: Happy, happy...

Ghosts: Come and dance with us again next year.

After contacting MDR, TAC-50 is transported back to reality.

In an illuminated electronic forest, the ghosts sing to her in farewell.

Commander: So that's what happened. You've had it rough, TAC-50.

TAC-50: You look like you've had it even rougher than I did. What happened while I was gone?

Commander: Ahaha... Things that I'd prefer not to recall.

Commander: Strange things happen every Halloween, so don't worry about it. Just keep telling your story.

TAC-50: I still remember some of the lyrics they sang – they sang because they could live.

TAC-50: I'm just thinking – if you can only live an incorporeal existence in cyberspace, does that still count as living?

Commander: Hard to say.

Commander: According to our forebearers, humans die three deaths.

TAC-50's eyes widen in disbelief at the Commander's words.

TAC-50: I thought humans only live once? That's what my programming tells me.

Commander: You're right, we only live once.

TAC-50: You only live one life, but die three deaths...? That sounds tough.

Commander: Not entirely.

Commander: Our first death is when our physical body ceases to function. This is irreversible. As for whether we have a soul, I don't know – I've never died before – so I won't discuss it.

Commander: The second death is when the deceased has their accounts shut down and through different procedures, has their existence removed from society.

Commander: The third is the moment when the last person who remembers the deceased also passes away. By then, no one in the world will remember the deceased has ever lived. That's when this person truly dies, for good.

TAC-50: So...those ghosts are still alive because someone remembers them?

Commander: Could be.

Commander: I remember hearing a legend – ghosts live on people's memories.

Commander: The same could also be said about Dolls. If you remember them, they'll live longer.

TAC-50: ...Which means my existence isn't solitary. I keep a lot of people alive in my memory.

TAC-50: There is meaning to everything I do and try to do because I generate more memory in the process, which in turn facilitates the existence of more people and Dolls?

TAC-50: Having to think about such stuff is seriously pushing the capacity of my neural pathways.

Commander: Oh, you're giving this a lot of thought, but you don't have to force yourself too hard.

TAC-50: Won't it be a valuable experience if I can come to any sort of conclusion?

Commander: Haha, that's true.

TAC-50: Still, there's something I don't understand.

TAC-50: Everyone is doing their best to survive. Isn't it the same for humans and Dolls alike?

Commander: It is. You've got questions about this, TAC-50?

TAC-50: ...However, is this the purpose of life – to just keep living and doing things?

TAC-50: If we all have to die some day, then how is any of this meaningful?

Commander: Hmm...we pass what we've done onto our successors?

Commander: At least this is what I think... Everything we do at Griffin will make this world a better place.

Commander: Our descendants will benefit from the fruits of our labor, or they might have to bear the consequences of our actions.

Commander: Whichever the case, we will be remembered, and what we've done will surely help someone down the line.

TAC-50: ...See, you've thought this through much more thoroughly than I did.

TAC-50: It feels like I can do and think about so much more whenever I'm with you.

Commander: Now you're making me embarrassed.

Commander: At the end of the day, it is every creature's instinct to live. As for the purpose of living, I'm sure we'll be able to find it one day, so long as we keep living.

Commander: Before that, go out of your way to try new things.

TAC-50: I understand now.

Commander: So, how about trying something new?

Commander: For example, cheers.

TAC-50: Cheers?

Commander: Here, like this.

The Commander clings cups with TAC-50.

Commander: In human customs, this is a gesture of blessing.

Commander: Then you have to drain your cup...like so...

TAC-50: I see. Being "blessed" by the Commander – that's certainly a new experience, and quite a happy one too.

TAC-50: As happy as it makes me to watch you down a drink I prepared.

Commander: TAC-50... How...how much maple syrup did you put in this...?

Commander: It's suppose to be a cup of tea...!

TAC-50: Didn't it taste good? I thought it'd taste better with maple syrup...

TAC-50: What's wrong, Commander?! Why are you clutching your throat...?

Commander: I-I'm alright... Please give me some water – just plain water!

S.A.T.8: Good evening— Whoa, are you okay, Commander? I don't have water, will pumpkin juice do?

TAC-50: Crap, the Commander seems to be in great pain...

TAC-50: Should we perform CPR?

F1: Why don't I get a can of Coke from the fridge?

Commander: Just water... PLAIN WATER...

With that, Halloween this year comes to an end in a scene of chaos.

...I'll have to keep an amulet on me next Halloween.