Griffin Control.

Helian: ...And that's the situation.

Helian: IOP discovered abnormal physical damage to parts of the data storage unit in the civilian Dolls from the opera troupe.

Commander: I understand. This sort of damage would almost never happen naturally to civilian Dolls.

Commander: So in addition to enjoying the opera...we'll also need to have a plan in store.

Helian: Yes. Apart from Contender, you'll also be bringing several other Dolls along to the venue just in case.

Helian: Anyone will do, as long as they're available.

An hour later.

Thompson: New work, Boss?

Commander: Yes, I need you to watch an opera with me.

Thompson: Oh...?

Commander: Er...and do some other things.

Thompson: Sounds like that's the important part.

I explain to Thompson the details of the mission.

Thompson: Understood, Boss.

Thompson: Looks like our opponents this time...are totally unlike anything we've faced in the past.

Commander: Exactly, which is also why I'm hoping you could take part in this operation.

Thompson: Indeed, fighting alongside humans is my strong suit.

Thompson: However...things tend to get messy when you get involved with humans.

Thompson: Do you have a plan, Boss?

Commander: We don't have enough information. All we can do is prepare ourselves and respond as the situation demands.

Commander: If fighting really breaks out, I trust you know what to do.

Thompson: Of course, in other words...you still want me to leave survivors?

Commander: (Cough)... You're kidding right?

Commander: In any case, I'll be counting on you for this mission.

Commander: Also, as we're going to the theater, do you have any appropriate clothes, Thompson?

Thompson: Don't worry, Boss.

Thompson: I may be dressed like this most of the time...but I do have one or two outfits for formal occasions.

The next day. During the theater intermission.

I meet Thompson in a hallway in the theater.

Thompson: What do you think of the show so far, Boss?

Commander: The opera's great. I'm looking forward to the second half.

Thompson: Indeed. If it wasn't for the mission, I'd love to stay for the rest of the show.

Commander: Huh? You like operas, Thompson?

Thompson: Yeah. Although I've already seen this show several times before, it really is quite different when a renowned troupe performs it...

Thompson: Does this surprise you, Boss?

Commander: For some reason...you don't look like the type who would enjoy this sort of thing.

Thompson: Boss, without a little class, what would be the difference between us and the punks that only know violence?

Thompson: Also, my hobbies don't just include operas.

Commander: Alright, at least I know one of your hobbies now.

Commander: Then, about your attire today...was it prepared for this kind of hobby too?

Thompson: Yeah, I spent a lot of my pay on it.

Thompson: Still, even with an appropriate outfit, I normally wouldn't be able to get a good seat like this.

Commander: I'll think of something. A chance to watch the opera like this isn't exactly rare, provided you don't mind going with me...

Thompson: Sounds good, Boss. Looks like I'll have a new buddy to talk operas with from now on.

Thompson: Ah, it's time for work, so...enjoy the second half for me.

Thompson salutes and leaves.

Commander: Operas, huh... I don't know if my knowledge will pass muster with her...

30 minutes later, in an alleyway near the theater.

Thompson: Alright lads, time to talk.

Thompson: How many of your little treasures did you leave behind in the theater?

Youngster: I...I...I don't know what you're talking about!

Thompson: Blowing up the theater... You think this is a game?

Thompson pulls her trigger and stitches an outline of bullet holes around the feet of the youths whose faces she had bashed black and blue.

After the gunfire stopped, the youths trapped at the end of the alleyway lean weakly against the wall and slump to the ground.

Thompson: It took a lot of effort to keep those bullets away from your body.

Thompson: So, do you feel like talking now?

After the interrogation, Thompson hands the suspects to the police and rushes back into the theater.

Thompson: Tch, dealing with the cops is such a pain.

Thompson: Those punks really got off lightly this time...

As Thompson reaches the entrance of the theater, screams from the crowd and scattered sounds of gunfire can be heard from inside the concert hall.

Thompson: Looks like the real performance is under way...

Thompson: I won't need to worry about Boss with those guys around, right?

Thompson: Then I'll be the star today, so let's put on a big show!

The battle finishes.

The government employees looking after this incident are examining and cleaning up the scene. In order to ensure safety, the Dolls involved in this operation and I remain in the theater for the time being.

Thompson leans against a wall, looking over the ruined theater as though she has something on her mind.

Commander: Penny for your thoughts, Thompson?

Thompson: Oh, it's you, Boss.

Thompson: If I'd known those punks would wreck such a beautiful theater...

Thompson: I would've been harder on them.

Commander: While I'd like very much to agree with you...

Commander: Half of the people you beat up have already been sent to the emergency room.

Thompson: Tch...so there's still half of them left, huh.

Commander: You really do love operas, don't you, Thompson?

Thompson: It's not like I can't live without them. They're just a hobby.

Thompson: I'll be leaving the rest to you, Boss.

Thompson turns and heads for the exit.

I notice the damage on her coat and its tattered edges.

Commander: Do you really have no regrets?

Commander: That's a good outfit. It's a shame it ended up like that.

...Thompson stops in her tracks.

Thompson: It's not a shame if it can be fixed.

Commander: Then...when they fix the theater, shall we finish the rest of the opera to make up for today?

Thompson: Are you sure, Boss?

Thompson: I'd be happy to, but wouldn't it be really pricy? Are you going to foot the bill yourself?

Commander: It's okay to treat yourself once in a while. Besides, I'm quite interested in the second half myself.

Thompson turns her head slightly toward me, and I see a faint smile on her face.

Thompson: In that case, I don't have any more regrets about today.

Thompson: It's a date then, Boss.

After our exchange, she waves her hand without looking back and vanishes into the street.