Inside the Griffin Command Room.

Type79: Are you there, Commander? Type79 has arrived for her appointment!

Come in.

Type79 paces towards me with her usual vigor. After she comes to a halt, she places the tablet computer that had been in her hands atop my desk.

What's this?

Type79: Commander, this is the design that I have proposed for the outfit that I intend to wear to the party. Please review them.

So that was why you were looking for me... but if I recall correctly, didn't Kalin approve of this design for the dress a few days ago?

Type79: That's right, but I felt that the previous proposal wasn't feminine enough, so I decided to seek your opinion.

Type79: How should I give my outfit more femininity, Commander?

I know you're very diligent, 79, but—
If choice 1 was picked

As a man, I honestly have no idea what suggestions I can give with regards to femininity...

Would you like to ask Kalin again?
If choice 1 was picked

Type79: Miss Kalina said that she didn't have any comments on that matter and told me to ask you directly.

Type79: Please give me some suggestions from your perspective as a man!
If choice 2 was picked

While I'm also a woman, it's still hard for me to give suggestions about femininity...
If choice 2 was picked

Type79: But I need your suggestions, Commander.

Alright, let's look at your report first...

Hmm...you've got proposals for makeup and accessories, as well as a tailoring pattern for the dress.

Your proposal is very detailed, 79. However...

Type79: Please feel free to give me any suggestions you wish. I will rectify any deficiencies, no matter what they are!

Well, I wouldn't say it's a deficiency...

I feel that femininity isn't something you obtain through specific items and accessories alone.

It ought to be a...er, how shall I put this...a kind of unique temperament that flows out from within you.

Otherwise you'll make a fool of yourself even if you dress up well.

Type79: Temperament?

Type79 wrinkles her brow after hearing what I said.

Type79: I'm sorry, Commander... I don't quite get what you mean.

It's alright if you don't get it. After all, this isn't something that can be directly quantified.

Simply put, you need to start from the way you interact with people and do things, as well as your attitude in daily life...

...

Inside the Griffin dorms.

Type79: Even if the Commander says that such a notion is "simply put", I still don't get it at all...

Type79: Argh! Why is it so hard to be a woman?!

Are you having trouble, 79?

Type79: Ah, it's Class Rep!

M99: What happened? It's rare that I see you sighing and lamenting like this.

Type79: Well...

M99: Out with it!

M99: We're comrades from the same squad, so if there are any problems, we solve them together.

Type79: (Now that Class Rep's said as much, it would be rude to keep hiding things from her.)

Type79: Actually...

Type79 tells M99 about her conversation with the Commander earlier.

M99: I see... I don't quite understand the Commander's reply either.

M99: I know, right?! What do those words even mean...

M99: While I know that the Commander wouldn't just give me an answer for the sake of it, that description was just way too sketchy!

M99: Then why don't you ask the Dolls who've been to parties like that before?

Type79: As if I needed you to tell me that, Class Rep!

Type79: The moment I got the assignment I asked everyone I could find, from Springfield to IDW!

Type79: But everyone had different opinions on the matter, so I had no choice but to ask the Commander...and in the end I couldn't get an answer either.

M99: The Commander isn't all-powerful...

Type79: (Sighs) That's true.

M99: Frankly, I think you're very well-prepared, 79. I honestly don't understand what you're hung up on...

M99: But I do know that while it's good to be diligent, being too focused on small details often leads to messing things up.

Type79: That doesn't sound like something you'd say, Class Rep...

M99: What's that supposed to mean?! I can grow up too, you know!

M99: Thanks to the Commander and working with everyone, I've managed to improve my neural cloud a great deal!

Type79: Yes yes yes, I understand — please stop glaring at me, Class Rep!

M99: While this party is fairly important, your current preparations are quite adequate, if you ask me.

M99: If you keep dragging your feet, you might not be able to get your dress made in time!

Type79: Oh no! If you hadn't brought it up I would have forgotten all about it!

Type79: I'll go look for 64 and 88 right away!

M99: Will she really be alright...she seems so panicky and all.

M99: Ah well, this is 79 we're talking about. She'll be fine!

On the day of the party.

Type79: (While I managed to finish the dress in the nick of time and even added a layer of synthetic skin for the best results...)

Type 79 drifts slowly from one table to another, boredly observing the milling crowds.

Type79: Nobody's even looking at me... I guess it's no good after all.

As Type 79 mutters to herself, her eyes fall on a female guest who is engaged in intense conversation with several people around her.

Type79: (Sigh, she seems really popular.)

Type79: (I suppose only that kind of woman possesses true femininity...)

Type79 takes a seat and imitates how that female guest crosses her legs, holding her high-stemmed glass with her middle and ring fingers.

Type79: ...

Type79: (No, this is just too awkward! What on earth am I doing?!)

Type79: (Sigh...if I'd known this would happen, I should have just refused the Commander...)

Type79: (In the end, I'm just a Tactical Doll. What on earth would I talk about at a party? This doesn't suit me at all...)

—Click.

A call comes through.

M99: Hey, 79, are you free now?

Type79: Did something happen, Class Rep? Did someone sneak into the party venue?!

M99: No, everything's fine.

M99: I met some new friends with K2, and we want to play... er, what is it again? Ohhh! It's called "Texas Hold 'Em", want to join us?

Type79: I'm not really interested. You should just go ahead and enjoy yourselves, Class Rep.

M99: Alright, then...

M99: In any case, feel free to come over anytime if you'd like to play!

The transmission ends.

Type79: (Sigh, given the circumstances, I'm in no mood to play.)

Type79: (...Forget it, I'll just sit around a little longer, and I'll head straight back to base once the party's about to end.)

Type79 decides to quietly wait away the remaining of this agonizing party. Just then, she sees a familiar figure slowly walking outside the party venue.

Type79: (Is that...the Commander?)

Type79: (The Commander doesn't look too well for some reason... I should go take a look.)

Outside the banquet hall.

Commander: Sigh...

This was supposed to be an enjoyable party, but a bunch of unexpected guests had shown up — or perhaps it would be more appropriate to call them troublemakers.

Thanks to AK-12 stirring things up, the situation has exceeded the limits of my ability to manage.

But I can't just order K2 and the others to head back to base right away...that would be cruel, and I'll have a hard time explaining it to the guests and our partners too.

Commander: Why do I have to run into headaches like these on a vacation...ah-choo!

Commander: ...

Commander: (Sighs) Looks like when it rains, it pours.

In the midst of my misery, a hand reaches out from beside me, offering a piece of tissue paper.

Type79: Are you alright, Commander?

Commander: Oh, it's 79... thank you.

Commander: What are you doing over here?

Type79: I saw you heading this way, and you looked unwell, so I followed you here, Commander.

Commander: I'm fine... (coughs)

Type79: You don't look fine at all, Commander!

Commander: It's probably just a touch of the flu, it's no big deal.

Commander: You don't need to worry about me, 79.

Type79: How could I do that, Commander?!

Type79: Human bodies are fragile, and they need to be protected... Given the present circumstances, I'd advise you to return to the base immediately.

Commander: Since I'm the Griffin representative, I can't leave before the party ends.

Commander: (And there's those hidden annoyances present... I need to resolve the matter before I can leave.)

Type79: In that case... I know, please wait for me!

Type79: Tsk, these high heels are so annoying! There's no way to run in them...

Type79 strides off, grumbling as she goes.

...Several minutes later.

Type79: Commander, I borrowed this jacket from the hotel staff, so please put it on.

Type79: The night is cold, and your condition will only turn for the worse if you get any colder.

Commander: I'm sorry for making you go to such trouble, 79...

Type79: This is nothing, taking care of you has always been part of our job description as Tactical Dolls, Commander.

Type79: Would you like to go back to the banquet hall with me? It'll be warmer in there.

Commander: Please head back first. I'm going to have a breath of fresh air.

Type79: Alright. I'll be off, then.

After bidding Type79 farewell, I spot another depressed Doll on the other end of the balcony.

It seems...I'm not the only one dealing with headaches this evening...

...

After a while, I return to the banquet hall.

There is a small cluster of people in a corner of the hall, and through the gaps between them I see Type 79 in their midst, deep in conversation with someone.

Curious, I head over to the group.

Type 79 sees me, and waves.

Type79: Commander!

I weave through the group and whisper a question into her ear.

Commander: Did something happen, Type79? Why are you surrounded like this?

Type79: I was just chatting with the others...

Just then, a female guest cut into our conversation.

May I ask if you are her superior?

Commander: Uh, yes, I am.

Please don't worry, it's nothing serious.

This Doll over here helped me out, and we've simply gathered here to appreciate her handiwork.

Type79: It-It's nothing... we just met by chance...

I look first at Type79, then at the elegant female guest before me, and I notice that the guest's dress sports a very familiar ribbon.

Commander: (That fabric ought to have come from Type79's dress...)

Commander: (I see... Looks like K5's prediction came true after all. So a dress really was torn...)

I'm surprised. I didn't expect her to mend it this well.

Her hands are so deft, I've half a mind to employ her myself.

Type79: Er, that...

Our company's services include the care and repair of high-end clothing. I believe you would make a perfect addition to our staff, Miss.

Type79: But I'm already employed with another company.

Type79: And I'm not a specialized service Doll, so I guess I'll pass...

Oh, don't be in such a hurry to refuse. Why not think about it a little more?

Our company's remuneration and benefits are quite generous.

Type79: Commander...

Type79 looks up and directs a pleading look at me.

Since things have already gotten this far, it's time for me to step in.

Ahem...pardon the intrusion.

While I thank you for your praise, all the Dolls employed by Griffin have signed long-term contracts.

If you have any other requests, please feel free to contact us. This is my business card...

...

The time and the small talk with the guests pass soon enough, and after K2's unexpectedly exciting song and dance routine, the party finally draws to a close.

The guests depart one after the other, and the hall slowly empties out.

I walk over to where Type79 is leaning against the wall. Her head is lowered and she's touching the tips of her fingers together, as though she's thinking about something.

79?

Type79: Ah, Commander! Is the party over? Is it time for us to go?

Commander: Yes and yes.

Commander: It's not often that I see you so deep in thought. Did a problem come up?

Type79: It's nothing...

Commander: Then let me guess.
If choice 1 was picked

Type79: Huh?! How did you know?
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: It was written all over your face.
If choice 1 was picked

Type79: (Sighs) I'm sorry for making a fool of myself.

Type79: I was planning to put my best foot forward today, but in the end I feel like I've lost the battle for femninity...
If choice 1 was picked

Commander: But you didn't, 79.
If choice 1 was picked

Type79: ...Huh?
If choice 2 was picked

Type79: Hm...it's true that I was thinking about it.
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Thinking of jumping ship? If you want to, it's not entirely out of the question...
If choice 2 was picked

Type79: C-C-C-C-Commander?! What are you saying ?! I-I-I-I wasn't thinking of that at all!!!
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Er...that was just a joke, you don't need to overreact like that!
If choice 2 was picked

Type79: Phew...a joke, huh. Honestly, Commander! You can't just go around making jokes like that!
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Alright, alright, I got it. Sorry.
If choice 2 was picked

Type79: I...really enjoy working with you and the others, Commander.

Type79: So, I wasn't thinking of jumping ship! Not in the slightest!
If choice 2 was picked

Commander: Alright, I understand. So what's got you worried?
If choice 2 was picked

Type79: Well, I'm not really worried. I just don't understand why she would extend that invitation to me.

Type79: I'm just a great big tomboy of a Tactical Doll, I'm not suited for delicate service work...

Commander: That's because...

Commander: Your femininity has been off the charts tonight, 79.

Type79: Really?

Commander: Yes, really.

Type79: But I didn't...feel any different than usual tonight. I didn't do anything special.

Commander: Remember what I said earlier? Femininity is a unique temperament that flows out from within you.

Commander: Even in daily life, every little thing you do highlights it. People take all of that into account, just like tonight.

Type79: ...Is that really enough?

Commander: Relating honestly to others and approaching them with a caring heart is the best way to display your femininity.

Type79: Commander, I think I'm beginning to understand...

Commander: Mm. Truth to be told, you don't need to worry too much about whether you managed to convey your charm.

Commander: Just let everything flow naturally.

Type79: Yes, Commander!

Type79: Still, even if you say that, I still think I can't let myself slack off too much...in any case, I'll continue practicing in that field!

Commander: Er, exactly how are you going to practice that...

Type79: That...that's a lady's secret, Commander.

Type79: It's getting very late now. Shall we head back to base, Commander?

Commander: Oh, yes...

Type 79 winks at me and drags me to the door of the banquet hall.

Oh yes, I need to return this jacket.

Type79: Please leave it to me, Commander!

Type79: Go meet with the others at the exit!

Type79 hugs the jacket she borrowed and heads toward the staff room.

(For some reason, running like that seems a little dangerous...)

—Crack.

Halfway through her run, Type79 stumbles, then hops a couple of steps before she finds her footing again.

After that, I see her take off her broken heels and continue running as though nobody else were around.

(...It looks like there's a lot of room for her to improve.)

I can't help but quirk up the corner of my mouth as I head to the main door.

—And just then, in a place where I cannot see, Type79's face was flushed bright red from embarrassment.

I only learned a long time later that Type 79 had avoided me for a full month because of this incident.

As for how she gathered the courage to face me once again...well, that's another story.