At the Griffin base.

Commander: Springfield's plan is quite sound at this point.

Commander: However, this event is bigger than anything we've done before, so I just hope nothing goes wrong...

???: Commander, I'm here to deliver the report.

Commander: Ah!

A voice suddenly calls out behind me.

I turn around to see Type64 with an innocent expression looking at me.

Commander: Phew...so it was you, 64.

Commander: You scared me.

Type64: Commander, this is today's logistics report.

Type64: I didn't see you in your office, so I came looking for you.

Commander: Ah... Okay, thank you.

Commander: (Type64's footsteps are always as quiet as a mouse... I guess I can't blame her…)

Type64: Then, if you'll excuse me.

Commander: Wait a second!

Type64: Do you have any other orders, Commander?

Commander: Well, there's an event...

I explain the plan for the Halloween event to Type64.

Type64: I see, so you want me to help Springfield with the costume preparations for the event?

Commander: Yes, are you interested?

Type64: Mmm... I can do it if it is required of me.

Type64: Although I am confident in my handicraft skills, I'm not sure I completely understand what this holiday is about. Is it the Ghost Festival...?

Commander: Hm, not exactly.

Type64: Well, that's okay... It's always good to give new things a try.

Commander: Okay, then I'll leave it to you.

Commander: You can talk to Springfield for further instructions.

Type64: Understood, Commander.

Type64: I'll look for Springfield right now.

Type64 leaves.

Commander: Although Type64 looks like she could easily handle the job with mastery and ease...

Commander: Her attitude of detachment makes it a bit worrying...

...Several days later. The Halloween event preparations are carried out without a hitch in accordance with Springfield's schedule.

...Up until the day of the event.

At the Griffin Cafe.

Type64: The cafe looks...very different.

Springfield: Ah, Type64.

Springfield: Welcome to the Halloween themed cafe.

Type64: Um...did you make all of these decorations yourself, Springfield?

Springfield: Yes, I just finished right before you stepped in. You are the very first to see the newly decorated cafe.

Type64: Then I must be pretty lucky to be the first.

Type64 walks over to the bar counter and looks around, poking the strange looking plush toy on the table.

Type64: So this is the atmosphere of the "Halloween" holiday.

Type64: It certainly is a bit different from the Ghost Festival.

Springfield: Haha, they are different holidays after all.

Springfield: Do you want anything to drink?

Type64: I'm fine. Are you still busy?

Type64: I'm here to deliver the finished goods to you.

Type64 hands the bag in her hand over to Springfield.

Type64: This is the last piece of the Halloween costumes we talked about before.

Springfield: Oh, if I recall, the costumes are already done.

Springfield: Let me take a look...

Springfield: Ah...sorry, 64, I made a mistake with the number of costumes... This one's going to be an extra.

Type64: I see, that's okay.

Type64: I've already made a bunch, so it's fine if I made an extra one.

Springfield: The workmanship of this piece is very detailed.

Springfield: It's a pity for it to go to waste. I'm not sure who to send it to...

Type64: I'm sure...someone will need it.

Springfield: Oh, 64, did you prepare a Halloween costume for yourself?

Type64: I haven't yet... I'm not sure what I should make.

Type64: Do you have any suggestions, Springfield?

Springfield: I think it'll be good as long as it's witch themed.

Type64: That shouldn't be too hard.

Type64: Do you have any extra materials lying around?

Springfield: I do, but what do you intend to do with them?

Type64: Make a Halloween costume.

Springfield: Ohh... Right now?

Type64: Yup, right now. It won't take long.

......

Several hours later.

Type64: Hm, this should be fine. I'll try wearing it.

Type64 wears her newly made Halloween costume.

Type64: What do you think, Springfield? Is it suitable for Halloween?

Springfield: You are very skilled, 64...

Springfield: But don't you think this costume is a bit too...random? The tip of this broom...is a dragon head? It looks very strange...

Type64: Really? Isn't it fine as long as it's bizzare enough? This costume incorporates elements of my culture. I'm sure it'll look very strange to the people here.

Springfield: Ah... But bizzareness and horror are two different things.

Springfield: Not to mention Halloween isn't the Ghost Festival...

Type64: Really? I don't think there's any problem with this.

Springfield: 64... Have you always been like this?

Type64: Eh?

Springfield: You always seem to be a bit...uncaring.

Type64: Really? I just think that a lot of things will work themselves out in the end.

Springfield suddenly receives a call.

Springfield: Huh...what's the matter?

Springfield: Don't panic, speak slowly.

Springfield: ...What? There's a power outage at the haunted house? Okay, alright...I'll be right over, don't touch anything.

Springfield: Seems like there's a situation at the haunted house. I need to go over and check.

Springfield: Why don't you wait here, 64?

Type64: I want to go to the haunted house too.

Springfield: It won't be fun if you go right now...

Springfield: The animatronics won't work if the power is out.

Type64: That's perfectly fine.

Type64: I want to see everybody's reactions to my costume.

Springfield: You're quite self-willed, huh...

Springfield: But you need to be careful. They must be panicking inside the haunted house right now. Who knows how they'll react to you.

Type64: Alright, I'll be careful.

Walking together, Type64 and Springfield head toward the warehouse where the haunted house is located.

After separating from Springfield at the entrance, Type64 steps into the haunted house by herself.

Type64: Let me test out this modified broom first.

Type64 flips a switch on the broom and sits herself sideways on it.

With a whoosh, she lifts off and flies into the haunted house.

Makarov: …

M1919A4: Did you feel that as well, Makarov...?

Makarov: Something seems to have whisked past us...

M1919A4: Did we set up that sort of gliding mechanism?

Makarov: Not to my memory.

WA2000: Where's the broken wire, damn it...

WA2000: I can't see anything in this darkness...

WA2000: ......

WA2000: It felt like something flew over me...

WA2000: Must be my imagination, haha...

Gr Mk23: Darlinggg

Gr Mk23: Where are you, Darlinggggg!

Type64: This shrill and wretched voice... Is it the cries of a banshee?

Type64: I will have to investigate...

Gr Mk23: What's that flying in the air?!

Type64: So you're the demon responsible for this mess, huh?

Type64: Hold it! I'm coming down to stop you right now!

Gr Mk23: Who the heck are you calling a ghost when YOU'RE FLYING IN THE AIR!

Gr Mk23: You must be here to stop me from searching for my Darling!

Type64: Your Darling is in another haunted house!

Type64: May the presiders over warriors be my vanguard! Eat this!

Gr Mk23: What the heck?!

Gr Mk23: I have to hurry and find Darling. I can't waste my time here...

Gr Mk23: That's right, my smoke grenade!

Gr Mk23 throws out a smoke grenade.

Type64: Ack! I can't see anything...

Type64: But...if that thing threw a smoke grenade, it probably isn't a ghost, right...?

Type64: With everyone panicking in the dark, I may get attacked again if I move around carelessly.

Type64: I should find a safe place to wait it out...

Type64 waits in the haunted house until the power is restored.

Type64: Looks like they fixed it.

???: Is anyone there... Help...

???: Let me out...

Type64: Sounds like someone nearby is asking for help...

Type64 follows the sound and finds 1919 trapped in a cage.

M1919A4: AHHHH HELP!!

M1919A4: IS ANYONE THERE! SOMEONE LET ME OUT!!

Type64: Looks like she hasn't notice me yet... This is the perfect chance.

Type64 steps back out into the hallway and connects to the comms channel.

Type64: Commander, it's me.

Type64: M1919 is trapped in a cage. Please come over to the haunted house and save her.

...

...Call ended.

Type64: That should do it.

Type64: Seems like 1919 is really frightened. I hope the Commander can get here soon.

Holding her special broom, Type64 saunters out of the haunted house, leaving M1919 alone inside.

At the Griffin Cafe.

Commander: So you're here, Type64.

Type64: Hello, Commander.

Type64: Are you having fun tonight?

Commander: If you count being shocked at what happened as having fun...then yes, I might be having too much fun.

Commander: I didn't think that 1919 would still be able to do her job tonight after being trapped in there...

Type64: Looks like you were successful in rescuing her.

Commander: Yeah.

Commander: By the way, there's something I'm curious about...

Type64: What is it?

Commander: Weren't you in the haunted house, 64?

Commander: Why didn't you let 1919 out yourself?

Type64: I didn't want her to owe me one.

Type64: Not to mention, isn't it more fitting for you to be the knight in shining armor, Commander?

Commander: I see...

Commander: But are you really okay with always being a non-participating bystander?

Type64: This is my way of participation.

Type64: Only I know what occured in the entirety of the event. Isn't that exciting?

Commander: But not everyone will like you this way.

Type64: I don't mind, Commander.

Type64: My neural cloud storage and computing power are limited, so there's no way for me to like too many people.

Commander: Is that so...

Type64: If someone likes me, then I need to return the appreciation in equal amounts...

Type64: But if I end up being liked by too many people, then wouldn't it become a burden for me?

Commander: Hm...that somehow makes sense.

Type64: So it's fine to keep it like this.

Type64: I think...there surely will be people out there that like me the way I am.