In the Griffin command room.

Commander: ...Spring Festival?

Commander: How's that different from a regular New Year?

Type 81R: It's not the same, Commander.

Type 81R: For us in the East, it's not just for ushering in the new year. More importantly, it's an occasion for us to put down our daily burdens and get together.

Type 81R: Spring Festival is fast approaching, but Type 95, Type 64 and the others have all been sent elsewhere for various missions recently...

Commander: (It seems Spring Festival is as important to them as New Year and Christmas combined...)

Commander: I see, so that's why you want to be the organizer for this celebration.

Commander: I'll think about it, but I'll need to see a list of the people involved in the preparations and a list of the resources required...

Type 81R: That won't be a problem. When we did this in the past, the Dolls from other regions thought that this Eastern festival was lots of fun!

Type 81R: And when it comes to the Spring Festival, the more the merrier.

Commander: Well, hearing the organizer say that puts me at ease.

Commander: In that case, I'll let you handle this. Hopefully Type 95 and the others will be surprised when they come back.

Type 81R: I'm sure they will! Please help us keep it a secret until then, Commander!

A week before Spring Festival...

Commander: The various prep teams for the celebration are starting to deliver results.

Commander: While progress on the fireworks is a bit behind, S.A.T.8 should have no trouble with it.

Commander: Let's see...the next item to check is...

Type 81R: Here's your ticket.

Type 81R: You need one of these to redeem your red packet at the event. Please keep it safe.

Griffin T-Doll: Yep, I will! Thank you!

Commander: So there you are, Type 81R.

Commander: Is this your Spring Festival dress? It seems a little plainer than what the other Dolls are wearing.

Type 81R: Ah, you're here, Commander!

Type 81R: I prefer subdued patterns like this. They look very soothing. Does it look nice?

Commander: Of course it does!

Commander: (Though this would actually be rather eye-catching when everyone is dressed in fiery red, wouldn't it?)

Commander: Still, what are you doing?

Commander: I know about the red packets and Spring Festival...but why are you handing out tickets to everyone?

Type 81R: Well, it's like this...

Type 81R: According to my neural cloud records, the people of my home country would use train tickets like these to get home.

Type 81R: Back then, getting the tickets to go home was a real ordeal... One practically had to fight for them.

Commander: I think...I've heard Hawk and the others talk about this before.

Type 81R: Yes, and when those people finally managed to get their tickets, their hearts must have been filled with joy and anticipation...

Type 81R: Which is why I made Spring Festival tickets like these...so that everyone can feel the same way.

Commander: I see, so that's what you had in mind.

Commander: Still, I've never taken a long-haul train before... After all, there are many more quicker means of transport in this day and age.

Type 81R: It's alright if you haven't taken a train before. Just look forward to your red packet!

Type 81R: Come, here's your ticket, Commander. Please take good care of it.

Commander: There's even one for me?

Type 81R: Everyone should have a ticket home! It's essential!

Type 81R: Even you are are no exception, Commander!

The morning of Spring Festival Eve.

Type 81R goes outside the base ahead of time to welcome her friends back from their assignments abroad, and leads everyone in a "homecoming" ceremony.

All the Dolls, both the newly returned and the ones stationed at the base, present their train tickets to Type 81R.

Type 81R: Hello! Please show your tickets.

Type 81R: Alright, welcome home! Don't forget to collect your red packets from Gd DSR-50.

Griffin T-Doll: Wow, thanks!

Griffin T-Doll: Let's go, FF FNC! We'll be able to buy lots of yummy snacks with this!

Commander: Hey! Hold off on the snacks for now. Gr Mk 23 prepared a delicious spread for dinner tonight!

Griffin T-Doll: Ticket...ticket...

Griffin T-Doll: Huh? Where's my ticket? I know I put it in this pocket, where could it have gone?

Type 81R: Did you...lose your ticket?

Griffin T-Doll: Oh no... I can't find it...

Griffin T-Doll: Ahhhh... I won't be able to get a red packet now...

Griffin T-Doll: Geez... And I made sure I put it in a safe place too... Sigh...

The Doll who lost her ticket turns away and prepares to leave...

Type 81R: Uh...hold on a minute!

Type 81R: It's okay if you've lost your ticket, I'll issue you another one!

Griffin T-Doll: Huh...?

Griffin T-Doll: But Type 81R, don't you usually...

Type 81R: The important thing is to be in good cheer when the New Year comes.

Type 81R: Besides, seeing you all come back safe and sound is more important than the ticket.

Griffin T-Doll: (Sniffs)...

Griffin T-Doll: Thank you so much, Big Sis 81!

Type 81R: Big...what?

Type 81R: Where did that nickname come from?

Griffin T-Doll: Ah, Type 97 started it, and it kinda caught on...

Griffin T-Doll: Does it bother you?

Type 81R: Well, uh, it's fine...

Type 81R: Being in good cheer during Spring Festival...is what matters most, haha...

Type 81R: (Maybe I should have a chat with Type 95...)

After the ceremony, the other Dolls have all returned to base to begin the celebrations, while Type 81R remains outside to wrap things up.

Commander: You worked really hard for this festival.

Commander: I can see your thoughtfulness in every aspect of the celebration.

Type 81R: No, the event hasn't begun yet.

Type 81R: I'll be glad to see how happy everyone is after they get their red packets.

Type 81R: But I still need some time to think about what could've been done better...

Commander: Think about that after you've finished celebrating!

Commander: You told me before that this was a time to put down our daily burdens and spend some quality time with everyone.

Commander: Here, this is your red packet!

Type 81R: Huh? Mine?

Commander: You prepared one for all of us; how could you not have one yourself?

Type 81R is slightly taken aback, but then she smiles.

Type 81R: Thank you, Commander.

Type 81R: I hope you enjoyed your journey. And of course, it would be great if you could fill out this feedback form!

Commander: I'd be happy to go on this ride a few more times.

Commander: But I'm not going anywhere during the Spring Festival...

Commander: So I suppose...this is already my stop.

Type 81R: For the people returning home at this time, some of them live close by, while others have to travel a long, long way.

Type 81R: But no matter the distance, their hometowns won't be too far off once they board the train.

Type 81R: Hmm... Still, Dolls don't really consider the factories where they were manufactured home...

Type 81R: So I guess for us, our home is...wherever you are.

And thus, the festival is kicked off with a good start.

However, my unease at seeing ART556's name on the list of preparation staff proved to be very justified.

After all, nobody had expected the festival fireworks and firecrackers to be ignited ahead of time.