...

【 Loading "Confessing to the cute and handsome Commander" Battle Plan...】

【Loading complete.】

【Starting Simulation No.357.】

4 Shiki: Commander, art thou preparing for the upcoming mission?

4 Shiki: Actually...

4 Shiki: There's something... we wish to tell you...

...

4 Shiki: Our greatest apologies for this, Commander!

4 Shiki: We... have lied to you.

4 Shiki: The intel regarding this operation is completely false!!

4 Shiki: I hadn't meant to deceive thou, Commander!

4 Shiki: We were threatened, and forced into this...

4 Shiki: Please, forgive our slight!

4 Shiki: Waaah, please don't rip our fire-control core out of us!

4 Shiki: The coal mines?! No, not the dastardly coal mines!!!

4 Shiki: Waah... please, we don't want to be sent there...

4 Shiki: Commander! Commander!! Don't goooo!!!

【 Battle Simulation No.357 failed.】

【Simulation result – Fire-control core dismantled; sent to the coal mines.】

Commander: Is something troubling you, 4 Shiki? Why are you spacing out here?

4 Shiki: Ah! Commander...

4 Shiki: W-We're preparing for the upcoming operation!

4 Shiki: It's our first time going on a mission near the sea...

4 Shiki: It's oddly nerve-wracking, haha...
If choice 1 was picked

4 Shiki: Aye! I have only the greatest amount of faith in thee!
If choice 2 was picked

4 Shiki: O-Oh, we understand!

4 Shiki: (Our neural cloud seems to be overheating a bit...)

Commander: Carry on with your preparations. I'll go and check up on the others.

...

4 Shiki: Ugh...

4 Shiki: Our Commander can't be this cute...

4 Shiki: Oh, crud!

4 Shiki: We...still couldn't tell the Commander the truth...

4 Shiki: This shan't do! We've to come clean with our honored Commander!

4 Shiki: But...

4 Shiki: If this operation gets canceled, we won't have the inspiration to draw the next arc for our manga...

4 Shiki: Our deadline is fast approaching. If we don't submit our manuscript soon, our editor will...

...

Hustling Editor: What?!!

Hustling Editor: No inspiration?! Is that your excuse for not making your deadline?

Hustling Editor: Good grief... At least give me a more convincing reason!

Hustling Editor: We editors have it hard too, you know...

4 Shiki: Our greatest apologies!

4 Shiki: But we really haven't any inspiration at all...

4 Shiki: We haven't had any opportunity to go on a mission within yesteryear...

Hustling Editor: If you don't have any inspiration, then create it yourself.

Hustling Editor: Rules are dead set in stone, but humans are alive and flexible!

Hustling Editor: Oh sorry, I forgot you're a Doll...

Hustling Editor: Right, here's what you can do!

...

......

4 Shiki: What?!!!

4 Shiki: You want us to deceive our Commander with a fabricated mission?!

4 Shiki: Nay! We could never betray thy Commander!

Hustling Editor: Don't you guys have a Griffin forum?

Hustling Editor: Just post a thread anonymously and the Commander won't know it's your doing.

4 Shiki: Nay, no way!

4 Shiki: We can't do that!

Hustling Editor: (Smiles deviously)

Hustling Editor: In that case, your cute Commander will find out tomorrow...

Hustling Editor: Who's behind the very popular shoujo manga with the Commander as the protagonist...

Hustling Editor: Oh right, this Commander actually left us a comment asking about the author's identity...

4 Shiki: Y-You!

4 Shiki: You'd sworn you'd never expose us!

Hustling Editor: If you don't want your secret identity revealed, you'd better go and get some inspiration.♪

Hustling Editor: Here, I've even written the forum post for you.

Hustling Editor: Make the topic "Viral Mermaid Sighting" or something, hahaha...

4 Shiki: Not only will our editor sell me out...

4 Shiki: If we tell the truth, the furious Commander may even have our fire-control core dismantled on the spot...

4 Shiki: Then send us to the coal mines...

4 Shiki: And whilst we're within those dark mines...

4 Shiki: We won't ever see the Commander again, nor will there ever be any new chapters for our manga thenceforth!

4 Shiki: NoooooooooOOOooooOOoo!!!

Commander: 4 Shiki? Report to the rally point now! We're about to set off!

4 Shiki: Roger! We're coming, post-haste!

4 Shiki: We...

4 Shiki: We've wronged the Commander...

...

Commander: Alright, now split into your pre-arranged groups and carry out your respective missions!

Commander: It's a relatively easy operation this time – all you have to do is search for any clues about mermaids in this area of the sea.

Commander: Prioritize your own safety and head towards your designated locations.

Commander: Remember to report to me from time to time.

Mermaid Operation Teams: Understood!

4 Shiki: Yay! We get to observe the Commander from up close!

4 Shiki: Our efforts have not been in vain!

Hiding behind a coconut tree nearby, 4 Shiki records the Commander's every move in great detail.

4 Shiki: So the Commander chose to check up on the investigation team first.

4 Shiki: That team... seems to be made up of Lewis and R93...

4 Shiki: Let us get a little closer...

Lewis: Yes, Commander!

Lewis: R93 has already started her search in the designated area!

Lewis: However, I have a tiny problem here...

Lewis takes out a tub of sunscreen.

...

......

4 Shiki: Lewis...

4 Shiki: That knave's actually asking the Commander to put sunscreen on her!!!

4 Shiki: The sheer audacity!!!

4 Shiki: When...

4 Shiki: ...will we be subjected to such an honor...?

4 Shiki: This isn't the time to think about such things!

4 Shiki: Pull thyself together, 4 Shiki!

4 Shiki: We must capture the Commander as much as we can! This is a precious source of inspiration!

Once the Commander finishes applying sunscreen on Lewis, the latter suddenly draws closer to the Commander with the sunscreen in hand.

...

......

4 Shiki: Now she wants to put sunscreen on the Commander?!

4 Shiki: LEWIS!

4 Shiki: W-We challenge you to a duel!

4 Shiki: Hold on!

4 Shiki: Phew...thank goodness we didn't run out...

4 Shiki: Haha, the Commander rejected Lewis flatly.♪

4 Shiki: Looks like the Commander is moving on to the next team.

4 Shiki: We'd better keep up with thee!

4 Shiki: What is the Commander doing in such a remote corner?

4 Shiki: Something seems to be moving there?

QJY-88: Commander...

QJY-88: I...

4 Shiki: Isn't that QJY-88 from the rescue team?

4 Shiki: I hear that gal has a defective swimming module...

4 Shiki: She's been working hard on developing some device for this mission.

4 Shiki: Still, it must be really tough on her even if she does have such an accessory that improves her ability to swim.

...

......

4 Shiki: How gentle, our Commander is!

4 Shiki: Consoling QJY-88 so patiently...

Serdyukov: QJY-88, there you are.

4 Shiki: Even Serdyukov is here.

4 Shiki: According to the database, Serdyukov has undergone professional training so she should be able to keep QJY-88 safe...

4 Shiki: Most Dolls are out on explorations these days and there aren't many of us left at the base.

4 Shiki: I suppose the Commander really didn't have a choice but to pick QJY-88 for this mission.

4 Shiki: ...

4 Shiki: Wait a minute...

4 Shiki: If it weren't for the rumors that we spread, QJY-88 would still be holed up in her chambers, messing around with her own inventions.

4 Shiki: ...

4 Shiki: QJY-88, we're going to draw you as the prettiest in the upcoming chapter!

4 Shiki: The Commander is by the sea.

4 Shiki: Huh? Who's that...?

4 Shiki: What's her name again...? Why don't we remember at all...?

4 Shiki: Did water get inside our memory module?

Commander: Z-62, why are you holding the watermelon in the sea?

4 Shiki: Oh, she's Z-62.

4 Shiki: Under the process of elimination, she must be from the reserve team.

4 Shiki: But why don't we see C-MS...?

Z-62: Commander...

Z-62: I...I'm chilling the watermelon for C-MS...

Z-62 starts telling the Commander about the reserve team's progress.

...

......

4 Shiki: Ugh...poor Z-62!

4 Shiki: Why would a Doll have "utterly unmemorable" as her defining feature? It must be absolutely horrendous to be constantly forgotten.

4 Shiki: Such a fainéant, C-MS is! How could she just forget about Z-62 after ordering her to chill the watermelon in the sea?!

4 Shiki: She's been waiting patiently in the water all this time... (Sobs)

Under the Commander's encouragement, Z-62 finally starts speaking her mind.

...

......

4 Shiki: I knew it – she says she's used to it and she doesn't really mind, but secretly she does want to be remembered.

4 Shiki: Z-62, you're going to be the main character in this new chapter!

4 Shiki: Is the Commander taking a break?

4 Shiki: Good, we can organize our drafts, too!

4 Shiki: We've gathered enough material for several chapters today~

4 Shiki: We won't have to worry about having no inspiration for quite some time!

4 Shiki: So, the Commander's itinerary for the day was...

4 Shiki: Briefed all members on the operation, checked up on the investigation team, forced to put sunscreen on that insufferable knave, Lewis...

4 Shiki: Then visited the rescue team and comforted despondent QJY-88...

4 Shiki: Next...

4 Shiki: Huh? Who did the Commander talk to after that...?

4 Shiki: Who was it with the watermelon in the sea...?

Suddenly, a piercing scream comes from the ocean.

AHHHHHHHHHH!!!

4 Shiki: Someone just screamed from the sea yonder! Something that's worth dozens of chapters must've happened!

4 Shiki: We're cominggggg—!

4 Shiki puts on a swim ring and makes a beeline for the sea. Clutching her drafts tightly in one hand and paddling quickly with the other, she approaches the source of the scream.

4 Shiki: That's...

4 Shiki: R93 of the investigation team?

4 Shiki: Has thou actually found a mermaid?!

4 Shiki: That can't be...

4 Shiki: The mermaid sighting was just some nonsense that we came up with...

QJY-88: Hang in there! We're coming to save thee!

4 Shiki: It's QJY-88! She found her courage after talking to the Commander!

4 Shiki: The Commander has such miraculous powers!

4 Shiki: Now QJY-88 is doing her best to make her way to R93... Hang in here, R93!

4 Shiki: QJY-88 is accelerating. She's cutting through the water like an invincible shark!

4 Shiki: You can do it, QJY-88! You're the bes⁠—

QJY-88: Help! Cough, cough!

QJY-88: I...(gurgles)...can't swim!

4 Shiki leans further on her swim ring to take a closer look.

4 Shiki: ...

4 Shiki: ...QJY-88?

Serdyukov: QJY-88! I'm coming to get you!

Seeing Serdyukov coming to QJY-88's rescue, 4 Shiki leans even more heavily on the edge of her swim ring.

4 Shiki: We knew you could trust the professionally trained Serdyukov to save the day.

4 Shiki: Look at that fit body, that determined stride – she radiates professionalism!

4 Shiki: QJY-88 won't be in any danger as long as Serdyu—

4 Shiki: Hmm? What's that crow doing?

4 Shiki: Serdyukov doesn't seem to be...

Serdyukov: Argh! (Gurgles) My...

Serdyukov: ...leg...is malfunctioning... (Gurgles)

4 Shiki: ...

4 Shiki: Maybe we should just keep our mouth closed.

4 Shiki: Hold on!

4 Shiki: QJY-88...

4 Shiki: She stood up!

4 Shiki: The Commander's comforting words didn't go to waste!

4 Shiki: QJY-88! Thou hath the strength to do it!

4 Shiki: Stand up! Stand up!

4 Shiki: Whoaaaaa!

4 Shiki: She's actually holding Serdyukov up in a princess carry! Isn't this the kinda stuff that comes right out of our manga?!!

4 Shiki: As we said, QJY-88, thou art the bes—

4 Shiki punches her swim ring in triumph, but forgets how much she's leaning onto the edge of her swim ring out of over-excitement...

4 Shiki: Ahhh!!!

4 Shiki: (Gurgles)

Fortunately, 4 Shiki's swimming module is fully functional and she soons climbs back onto her swim ring.

However, her drafts aren't so fortunate...

4 Shiki: ARGHHHHHHHHH!!!

4 Shiki: Our drafts!!!!

4 Shiki: All our hard work is completely...!!!

...

4 Shiki: We can't believe we actually got the worst ending possible...

4 Shiki: Next, our editor is going to sell us out since we can't submit any new chapters. Then the Commander is going to follow up on a tip and figure out we were the one behind the false intel...

4 Shiki: When that happens, the Commander will have our fire-control core dismantled on the spot...

4 Shiki: And we will live the rest of our life in the dark and gloomy coal mines...

4 Shiki: We suppose this is our justified retribution...

4 Shiki: For deceiving the Commander with fabricated intelligence just so we could get inspiration for our manga.

4 Shiki: In the end, all the drafts that we worked so hard on were ruined...

4 Shiki: (Sobs) Damn it all!

4 Shiki: We'd much rather work at a cafe than in the mines!

4 Shiki: No, wait! What are we even talking about? Is this really the time to be thinking about where to go in our exile?!

???: 4...4 Shiki!

???: ...Shiki...4...!

Commander: 4 Shiki? 4 Shiki?!

4 Shiki: !!!

4 Shiki: Commander!!

Commander: You scared me to death! I thought your neural cloud was malfunctioning due to the heat.

Commander: You've been muttering about coal mines and cafes to that watermelon for a while now...

4 Shiki: Commander...

4 Shiki: There...there's something we must tell thee...

4 Shiki: However...! Before we say anything, could you please promise us one thing...?

4 Shiki: Could thou promise...

4 Shiki: That thou won't send us away no matter what?

4 Shiki: As long as we can stay with you, we'll do anything!

4 Shiki comes clean about fabricating the mermaid sighting.

...

Commander: ...

Commander: Oh, I see.

4 Shiki: Commander... aren't thou angry with us...?

Commander: I saw it coming.

Commander: I knew all about what you did. Didn't I tell you all my plans are fool-proof?

4 Shiki: Yeah... thou did.

4 Shiki: Yet, thou still went along with it?

Commander: It was always the plan to make this a vacation.

Commander: Whether there are mermaids doesn't actually matter.

4 Shiki: Then what...does matter?
If choice 1 was picked

4 Shiki: You're right. All our inspiration comes from spending time with everyone.

4 Shiki: But today we've been so busy trying to make our deadlin...ugh, nothing...

4 Shiki: We just feel like we've missed out on all the fun.
If choice 2 was picked

4 Shiki: Commander...We...We also treasure the time we spend with you.

4 Shiki: It's just...We're so happy...that thou also thinks so...

4 Shiki: Sadly, today we've been so busy trying to make our deadlin...ugh, nothing...

4 Shiki: We just feel like we've missed out on all the fun.

Commander: It's okay.

Commander: We haven't run out of time to have fun yet. Come and get ready for dinner with us.

4 Shiki: ...Okay!

4 Shiki: Thank you, Commander!

4 Shiki: We think we finally understand...

4 Shiki: We'll be right over yonder!

4 Shiki: Manga is very important to us.

4 Shiki: Because it is a record... of many beautiful and unforgettable memories for us...

4 Shiki: Even if our neural cloud gets formatted one day, we just have to read our manga...

4 Shiki: And we'll surely remember the Commander and everyone again!

4 Shiki: But manga has never been the whole point. What truly matters is the happy times when we're with Com...uh, with everyone.

4 Shiki: We started out as a manga artist to document our happy experience, but then we ended up overlooking the joy of being with friends just to draw manga...

4 Shiki: We even got so distraught over the loss of some drafts...

4 Shiki: In the end, we're still in possession of the joy we experienced today – it's all stored securely in our neural cloud.

4 Shiki: This happiness is the only thing that's one of a kind and irreplaceable!

4 Shiki: Alright, we should go and help the Commander with making dinner!

4 Shiki: We'll start working on the new chapter when we get back to base!

4 Shiki: How could we miss out on having a good time with everyone just for the sake of drawing manga?!

4 Shiki: Guys!

4 Shiki: Here we come!!