...The week before Halloween.

In the Doll dorms.

Type 64: And then, the Commander went to rescue M1919.

Type 64: The part where the hero rescues the damsel in distress always sounds good in any story, don't you think?

Type 97S: But then...the test of courage from back then didn't work out, did it?

Type 64: Yup. But at least I had fun.

Type 64 excitedly tells Type 97S about Halloween from two years ago, but Type 97S rests her chin on her hand and looks a little vexed.

Type 97S: According to what you said, some people were still scared.

Type 64: True, it was set in a haunted house, after all.

Type 97S: What a shame. If not for those incidents, you could have had an interesting test of courage.

Type 64 thinks for a bit.

Type 64: While I think that the aged facilities in the base are going to cause some problem one way or another when the time comes...

Type 64: It'll be time for the Hungry Ghost Festival in a few days, but I haven't heard Miss Springfield mention any events happening this year.

Type97S suddenly smacks her shield.

Type 97S: Aha! I'll organize a test of courage this year, then! That'll solve the problem, right?

Type 64: Why do we have to play games like these for the Hungry Ghost Festival? We ought to stay in our rooms and not venture out at night, and definitely not look back when we hear people calling our names...

Type 97S: It's not the Hungry Ghost Festival, it's Halloween!

Type 97S: I'll go discuss it with the Commander! Want to help me out, 64?

Type 64: I'll pass, Hawk. I'd rather watch videos of the whole thing, so make sure you record it all for me...

...On Halloween.

Inside the Doll dorms.

Type 64 frowns as she stares at the display monitor in front of her.

Type 64: That Hawk... I told her I wanted to watch a video of the whole thing, but she didn't have to include this too, did she?

The shaking video image shows the Commander's somewhat startled expression.

...Several days before Halloween.

Inside the Command Center.

Commander: Um...ah...Hawk, your outfit is quite...interesting...

Type 97S: I know, right! That's what the tailors at the clothing department said too. Good thing I went to all that trouble to find the reference material.

Type 97S: NZ even wanted to help me design it, but thank goodness I managed to stop her.

Type 97S: Hehe, after I got my new clothes, I wanted to let you see them first.

Commander: Ah...um...not bad, not bad...

Commander: Oh yes, so what's this about?

Type 97S: Right, onto the main subject.

Type 97S: Commander, can you let me handle this year's Halloween event? I want to host a test of courage!

Commander: A test of courage, hm... Now that you mention it, the event we had last time degenerated into utter chaos.

Commander: Alright then, I'll leave it to you. Let Kalina know exactly what you need.

Type 97S: Yes, Commander!

Type 97S: Also, you HAVE to come for it! I'll send you a copy of the event itinerary!

Commander: Hm? I'll be taking part too?

Type 97S: Of course! And...I have something very important to tell you, Commander!

Commander: Um...huh? Something important?

Commander: For some reason, I have a very bad feeling about this...

...Back to the present.

Inside the Doll dorms.

Type 97S: I managed to borrow a miniature camera from someone! I'll mount it on my hat so you won't miss anything!

Type 64: That said, I think the camera's going to shake hard enough to show NZ as Miss Spitfire, given the way you'll be running around during the event...

Type 64: Also, what do you mean by "something very important"? Are you going to confess to the Commander? On the Hungry Ghost Festival?!

Type 97S: It's not the Hungry Ghost Festival, it's Halloween!

Type 97S: And how could this be a confession?!

Type 97S looks up at the nearby wall clock.

Type 97S: Oh look, it's about time to begin.

Type 97S: That's enough resting for now; I'm heading back to the venue to take a look!

Type 64: Alright, alright, do your best. I'll just laze around in my room and wait for your video.

...At the event venue.

Type 97S: Listen up, everyone!

Type 97S: For this event, we'll be divided into the monsters and the victims! If the monsters manage to scare more victims than not, it's a win for them; otherwise it's the victims that win!

Type 97S: I'll be keeping a close eye on your performance! Now then, let the game begin!

With her hand on the microphone, Type 97S loudly explains this year's Halloween activity and signals its beginning.

She looks to the left, then to the right, while the camera on her hat quietly starts filming.

Type 97S: Hehe, once we get into the spirit of things, I'll arrest the Commander, then I'll—

Click.

Her comms radio suddenly goes off.

Type 56-1: Hello, where are you, Hawk?

Type 56-1: The ingredient conveyor belt is jammed and there's a piece of meat that I just can't reach. Can you give me a hand?

Type 97S: What? Now?

Type 56-1: Yeah, we're about to start cooking dinner and if we don't send the meat over, they'll probably replace it with 64's lapcheungs—

Type 97S: I get it! I get it! I'll go over and help you right now for the sake of my stomach!

Type 97S hurriedly accepts Type 56-1's request before she can finish, and rushes over after verifying Type 56-1‘s position.

...Half an hour later.

Type 97S rushes back to the test of courage and runs through the activity area where both groups are taking part in the event.

Type 97S: Security... No, Model L, I was gone for a while. Did anything happen?

Model L: There were some minor nuisances but it was no big deal. I'm with MG3 now.

Type 97S: Good.

Type 97S: Oh yes, did you see the Commander come over?

Model L: The Commander? Not in our area.

Type 97S: I see... Alright, then, let me know if anything happens on that front.

Model L: Are you referring to the "minor nuisances" or the Commander?

Type 97S: ...Both!

Type 97S hangs up helplessly and walks through the event area.

Type 97S: It's been a while since the event began. I wonder if the Commander's here yet.

Type 97S: I'll just go take a walk around and see if I can capture anything fun... Who knows, I might run into the Commander too—

Click.

Once again, the sound of the comms interrupts Type 97S's monologue.

Type 80: (Shrieks) Come save me, Hawk!

Type 97S: Big Sis 80? What's going on? Calm down and tell me slowly.

Type 80: (Whimpers) 03 lost her little red book that she used for recording the Commander's words...

A ripple of unease washes through Type 97S' neural cloud.

Type 80: 03's gone mad...she's dragging me everywhere to look for it!

Type 80: I barely managed to get the free time to make this call to you...

The level of uneasiness rises in Type 97S' neural cloud.

Type 80: 03 said that if we couldn't find it, I'd have to follow her so she can copy down everything the Commander said once again...

Type 80: And she was going on about how today was the Hungry Ghost Festival, so we couldn't let the Commander wander outside alone...

Type 97S: Th-th-that can't be allowed to happen!

Type 97S: I...I'll go help 03 look for that book! You two, wait for me!

Type 97S hangs up and races off toward Type 80 and Type 03's position with the speed of a wildfire.

Type 97S: I can't let the Commander end up with that 03! Otherwise the Commander won't be able to leave all night!

...An hour later.

Type 97S returns to the test of courage, looking very exhausted.

Type 97S: Seriously, why are Dolls even taking notes by hand in this day and age? Good thing 03 found it in the end...

Type 97S: And there's all kinds of problems on this end too...

Type 97S: (Sighs) Where's the Commander? Why hasn't anybody seen the Commander?

Somewhat dispirited, Type 97S shakes her head, but just as she's about to begin recording the Dolls involved in the test of courage—

Click.

Her comms ring again, and now Type 97S' neural cloud is start to ache.

Type 97S: What is it now? Who lost what this time?! Or did something get stuck in a machine again?!

Type 97S: Don't bother me anymore! I don't care if it's salty lapcheungs, I'll just eat them—!

Type 97S roars into her comms.

After a brief period of silence, a voice comes from the other side.

MG3: Uh...Hawk?

Type 97S: ...Ahem, o-oh, it's you, MG3. Sorry, I thought you were...

MG3: That's okay... Though we have sort of a big problem over by the grove. Could you come over?

Type 97S: Hm? A problem at the test of courage?

Type 97S: Understood, I'll be right there!

...Ten minutes later.

Near a certain patch of shrubbery on the Griffin base.

MG3: Huh, your Halloween outfit is pretty special, M870.

Type 97S: So you were screaming because it was so round that you couldn't stand up?

...After the test of courage.

At the Doll dorms.

Type 64: ...So in the end you just went and shot it?

Type 64 has a helpless yet amused look on her face as she watches the footage that Type 97S is playing.

Type 97S: Yeah, that was the simplest solution, right?

Type 64: Hm...for some reason, it feels like M870's going to be traumatized because of this.

Type 64: Like, she's going to stay far away from pumpkins during the Hungry Ghost Festival or something...

Type 97S: I told you, it's Halloween, not the Hungry Ghost Festival!

Type 97S: Still...

Type 97S sighs and looks down.

Type 64: What's the matter, Hawk?

Type 97S: I couldn't find the Commander in the end...

Type 97S: I think I caught a glimpse of the Commander a few times, but I couldn't rush over to check because of things like this.

Type 64: Yeah, you sure worked hard so you wouldn't have to eat the waxed sausages I made.

Type 97S: That's the one thing I won't compromise on!

Type 64: Forget it, I'm not going to argue with you over this. Someday, you'll come to love them too...

Type 64: It's time to eat, right? Then there's no point moping here. Head over to the café, I'll be there once I change my outfit.

Type 97S nods and bids Type 64 farewell.

...Late on Halloween night.

In the Griffin Café.

Type 97S looks at plate after plate of food, but she can't muster up an appetite.

Type 97S: Truth to be told, I didn't really have a reason to go looking for the Commander...

Type 97S: I just... Ahhh, forget it. I'll go upstairs to get some air.

Type 97S heads to the staircase landing, where the moonlight shines through the railings onto a patch of the terrace.

Type 97S: I wonder if the test of courage went well—

???: With a flourish of my divine brush, may the massed deities defend me, vanquishing evil in the name of peace, swiftly, swiftly, in accordance with the statutes and ordinances!

Type 97S: WAAAAAHHHHH—!

The sudden incantation bellowed right into Type 97S' ear startles her so badly that she almost jumps out of her skin. Fortunately, the railing holds her back.

Type 97S: Who-who's casting a spell—

Type 97S: Eh? C-Commander...?

Commander: Hehe, how's that? Not bad, right? I've been practicing that for a while.

Type 97S: You-you scared the hell out of me!

Type 97S: Although, what are you doing here, Commander?

Commander: MG3, Type 03 and Type 63 all told me that you were looking for me at the test of courage.

Commander: So I came over to find you.

Type 97S: Huh? They...

Type 97S: You said you'd join the test of courage, Commander!

Commander: Sorry about that. I did go, but I think I kept missing you...

Commander: Then there was something I had to handle so I couldn't make it to your prize presentation either.

Type 97S: So you came?

Commander: Yes, I did. You organized everything very well. It seems I can count on you if I want to organize something like this again in the future.

Type 97S looks at the Commander with a certain amount of skepticism.

Commander: Oh yes, have I praised your new outfit yet? It's really good, the way it was pieced together produced a really interesting effect...

Commander: As the saying goes, women can change dramatically; I can't believe you changed so much overnight!

Type 97S: Don't try to confuse me with weird sayings!

Commander: Hehe, I always wanted to say that...

Commander: Sorry about that. Tell you what, to make up for it, why don't we watch a zombie movie after we finish eating? Type 59 recommended me a lot of weird, old movies.

Commander: Oh yeah, you said there was something special earlier. What was that about?

Type 97S: It's nothing... I just wanted to scare you during the test of courage...

Type 97S: But in the end I didn't even get to see you during the event.

Commander: Oh...um... Why is everyone so obsessed with scaring me...?

Commander: But I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you there. As your Commander, I fear nothing and no prank can get to me.

Commander: If you wanted to hear me scream in terror, then you'd have to...ahem, never mind. You'd have to wait a long time for that.

Type 97S: I'm really interested in that "you'd have to", Commander...

Commander: Haha, the less said about it, the better. Come, let's go eat!

The Commander pats Type 97S on the shoulder and turns, preparing to head down the stairs.

Type 97S nods, but the corner of her mouth curls up in a smile.

She steps up lightly, clenches her fists, then jumps with all her might and pounces the Commander—

Commander: WAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!

Type 97S: Owowowowowow—!

Thump! Thud, thud... crack.

...The next day.

In the Griffin Command Center.

Ring ring—

Kalina: Ah, hello? Yes, yes, this is the Griffin base.

Kalina: Hm? That order form needs to be signed in person? Could the adjutant sign instead?

Kalina: Ah, well, you see, our Commander is a little indisposed for the next couple of days...

Kalina: No, no, the Commander's been hospitalized. Yes, it happened last night. Yes, it's because of a broken leg from a fall...

Kalina: Ah, I'm terribly sorry. Alright. Thank you. No, it's fine, you don't have to visit...