Inside the photo studio building.

According to Helian's message...

Griffin Dolls will be the only other people taking photos in addition to our VIPs.

I patrol through the building in between photo shoots, keeping an eye out for anyone suspicious.

Commander: Alright, nothing unusual on this side.

Commander: It's almost noon already... Hopefully this day will go by without incident.

Right before I could finish my sentence, a staff member rushes toward me.

Staff Member: Excuse me, are you the person in charge of Griffin here?

Commander: Yes, is something the matter?

Staff Member: One of the ladies from your company says she's not feeling well. Could you please come with me to take a look at her?

The staff member hastily leads me to the resting area.

I see a girl sprawled lazily over a sofa.

Commander: ...56?

Commander: (Her tomboyish posture juxtaposes against her wedding dress...)

Type56-1: Ah...Commander!

Type56-1: What are you doing here?

56 sits up straight the moment she sees me, but then immediately slumps back into her seat.

Commander: The staff member called me over.

Commander: You said you weren't feeling well?

Type56-1: Uh...

Type56-1: Actually, I'm okay, just that I'm a bit hungry.

Commander: Hungry?

Type56-1: I had to sit in the makeup chair for three hours, then they posed me around like a wooden mannequin, and I wasn't even allowed to move at all!

Type56-1: I suffered throughout the entire morning... Now my stomach's empty and I can't even lift a finger...

Commander: You seem pretty lively to me...

Type56-1: I'm running on fumes, Commander!

Type56-1: They say an army marches on its stomach, you know...

Type56-1: If this keeps up, I'm afraid I'll go into a forced shutdown...

Commander: I understand.

Commander: However, it's not lunchtime yet, and it'll still be a while before the delivery gets here.

Commander: I'll go ask the studio staff if they've got any snacks.

Type56-1: They only have chocolate and biscuits and candy.

Type56-1: If it's not too sweet then it's too salty. I can't eat any of that stuff...

Commander: So you've already asked.

Commander: In that case, I think you can't be THAT hungry, then.

Type56-1: Haaah?

Commander: If you were really desperate, you'd be willing to eat anything, right?

Type56-1: Com—man—der—!

Type56-1: I had to wake up before dawn and I didn't manage to eat much.

Type56-1: These clothes are tight and heavy and I still need to make poses with my gun...

Type56-1: Surely there must be some benefits to such a difficult mission, right?

Commander: Alright, alright, I was just kidding.

Commander: I'll see if I can get something for you from nearby.

Commander: However, there aren't many restaurants in this area...so don't expect too much.

Type56-1: Anything will do as long as it's not like the weird-tasting snacks here!

Type56-1: My stomach's counting on you, Commander!

Some dozens of minutes later.

Commander: 56, I bought some food.

Type56-1: Uwah—! Thank you so much, Commander!

Type56-1: Lemme see what you've got!

Commander: Slow down, you'll spill the drink.

Type56-1: Ah... Aw...

Type56-1: Burgers and fried chicken...

Commander: I knew this would disappoint you...but there were no other options.

Commander: Everything else was beyond our budget.

Type56-1: ...Alright. At the very least, these are better than those weird snacks.

Type56-1: I'll dig in then, Commander!

Commander: Before that—

I grab 56's hand as she reaches for the paper bags.

Type56-1: What?

Commander: The staff member reminded me just now to tell you to be careful when eating.

Type56-1: ...Haah?

Commander: Take care not to mess up your makeup or get grease on your dress.

Type56-1: What a pain in the...

Commander: I'm not saying you can't go all out if you want, but you'll probably have to spend time redoing your makeup after.

Commander: If you delay the photo shoot, you might end up missing dinner.

Type56-1: Fine! I'll be careful then!

Type56-1: Geez...food only tastes half as good if you can't take big bites out of it.

Commander: It's for the sake of the mission, so bear with it.

Type56-1: Ugh, being a model is really tiring.

Type56-1: I have to hand it to those human women. You can't do ANYTHING while wearing a dress like this.

Type56-1: It's only been half a day and I already feel like I'll suffocate in this thing.

Commander: We all have a cross to bear.

Commander: Sacrifices must be made to reach our goal.

Type56-1: You're right...

Type56-1: We did accept this mission, after all, so all I can do is to bear with it...

Type56-1 quickly finishes the food.

Type56-1: Whew, I'm alive!

Commander: You sure got a big appetite...

Type56-1: If not for this dress constricting me, even twice this amount wouldn't have been enough.

Type56-1: ...What are you giving me those looks for?

Type56-1: Every mouthful I take translates into fighting power! I'm not the sort of person to eat and do nothing!

Commander: Alright, alright...

Commander: If you're still not satisfied, then I'll properly reward you after the shoot is over.

Type56-1: Hehe, hearing you say that makes me very motivated!

Type56-1: Still, food bought from the outside just doesn't taste quite right...

Type56-1: How about this...why don't you try my cooking after we get back to the base, Commander~

Commander: Oh? Can I?

Type56-1: Yup! We might not have as big of a variety as the restaurants, but I can guarantee that they'll definitely taste better!

Type56-1: And if you'll authorize the use of some rarer ingredients...

Commander: The chef herself will be cooking? Then there will really be something to look forward to.

Commander: As for the ingredients, I'll think of a way to prepare some for you.

Type56-1: Awesome! Then it's a promise!

Type56-1: As thanks for the meal you bought for me, I'll prepare my finest recipes for you, Commander!

Commander: Getting back to the topic, you'll still need to complete the mission first.

Type56-1: I'm refilled and recharged!

Type56-1: I can handle anything you throw at me!

Commander: Seeing you this motivated puts me at ease.

Type56-1: Then...

Type56-1: Type56-1, returning to unit to continue the mission!

Type56-1: I'll be heading off first, Commander~

56 swiftly rises to her feet. With her gun in one hand and the train of her wedding dress in the other, she stalks off toward the photo studio room.

She quickly vanishes down the corridor.

Commander: She's a totally different person on a full stomach...

Commander: ...

Commander: How will 56 look in the final pictures, I wonder?

Commander: I'll be looking forward to them...