Griffin Control.

Commander: ...That concludes the details of the mission.

Vector: ...

Vector: Do you really think it's a good idea to have me participate in this mission?

Commander: Why not?

Vector: You know, I'll only be wasting everyone's time.

Commander: The roster is decided by IOP and the client.

Commander: Since your name is on this list, it means they think you're capable of accomplishing the task.

Vector: ...

Commander: Do you have any other concerns, Vector?

Vector: It makes no difference if I do or not.

Commander: You wouldn't be wrong to say that.

Vector: I'll go if they insist, but I hope they won't regret it after seeing the pictures.

Commander: Vector...aren't you excited at all?

Commander: This is a wedding dress shoot.

Commander: The others were jumping with joy after hearing the news.

Vector: It's not like we're the actual brides. Having expectations will only result in that much more disappointment.

Commander: (So in other words, she DOES want to wear the wedding dress...)

Commander: Oh...alright, I can respect your opinion.

Commander: Then, the mission is...

Vector: I will complete it to an acceptable standard.

Commander: Alright, I'll be counting on you, Vector.

The day of the photo shoot.

I began my patrol of the building after watching Five-seven's shoot for a while. Although I had thoroughly examined the personnel and inspected the equipment yesterday, I feel it is still sensible to walk around the venue, just in case.

In addition to Five-seven's shoot, several other rooms are also in use.

Vector emerges from the dressing room as I approach its door.

Commander: Ve-Vector?!

Vector: What's the matter, Commander?

Vector: Do you see a bomb in the dressing room?

Commander: N-No.

Commander: It's just that you look so different from usual that I'm at a loss for words.

Vector: ...I apologize if I frightened you.

Vector: They want us to bring our weapons along for the shoot, so we must look like very dangerous brides.

Commander: N-Not at all...

Commander: I think this dress suits you very well.

Vector: There's no need to be considerate, Commander...

Vector: I take it that I'm the last one out?

Commander: Yes, the others have already started.

Vector: This is apparently the length of a proper bridal train... It was very troublesome to put on.

Vector: A lot of time was spent only on attaching the hair extensions, and frankly speaking, the dress is a little tight around the chest...

Commander: It must've been hard for you.

Vector: I can't complain if it's for the sake of the mission...

Vector: But the human women who take these photos must have it very hard.

Commander: For humans, enduring this bit of hardship in exchange for the sweet memories is worth the price.

Commander: Just being able to wear a wedding dress like this is joy in itself for some women.

Vector: ...Is that so?

Vector: That's not something that I can understand... It's too pitiful to ascribe so much meaning to just a piece of clothing.

Vector: (Quietly) Just like ourselves...

Commander: Ah...you'll understand some day...

Commander: But for now, let's focus on the mission.

I hear her voice, but she has already sidestepped the issue in a practiced fashion.

The shoot goes on as planned.

Two camera crews are changing locations at the same time as I enter the largest studio room.

We have to protect our mission objectives - the true newlyweds who are moving to the next room.

Vector watches them leave with that familiar expressionless gaze of hers.

Commander: Did the shoot go well, Vector?

Vector: Other than the photographer's complaints about my expression, it went fine.

Vector: Commander, are those two people the ones we're assigned to protect?

Commander: Yes, the true purpose of this mission is to ensure they can safely take wedding pictures.

Vector: If they're worried about being attacked then why not clear everyone out of the building so they'd be the only ones having their photos taken?

Commander: That would ruin the atmosphere.

Commander: It'd be hard to feel happy when the corridors are empty except for guards with guns.

Commander: While they're scions of high society...they still want to lead a normal life, to a certain extent.

Vector: Then why are we still carrying our guns?

Commander: They believe these are props for a special themed photo shoot for our company.

Commander: Our client went to a great deal of effort to ensure their child could have a perfect wedding experience.

Vector: ...So the two of them are being kept in the dark.

Commander: Don't tell anyone, Vector.

Vector: I'm not one to leak secrets, Commander.

Vector: Not like I have anyone to tell, anyway.

Vector looks at the door of the studio room, where the true couple are walking toward the next location with a spring in their steps.

Vector: They look very happy.

Vector: Yet they have no clue that they're being protected by a lie.

Commander: Vector...

Vector: And I'm nothing more than a part of this lie.

Vector: In any case, I ought to resume playing my part now.

A staff member and I lift up the train and veil of Vector's wedding dress and move her to the platform in the center of the studio.

The fabric is embroidered with patterns made from tiny crystals and it's quite heavy. To a true bride, it would probably be a weighty joy.

Vector stands steady on top of a short wooden box as a staff member helps her adjust her dress.

Vector: You've been staring at me for quite a while now, Commander.

Commander: Ehm... Vector, there's something I'd like to tell you.

Vector: You don't need my permission to give me orders.

Commander: It's not an order, Vector.

Commander: Although we're here on business...I still hope that you and everyone else can enjoy the experience today.

Commander: So don't think too much about the mission. Consider today to be taking artistic photos for yourself.

Commander: That way...perhaps you might feel a little better.

Vector falls silent.

Perhaps I'm imagining things, but for a moment, I thought I saw a slight hint of movement on Vector's expressionless face.

Vector: Even if you say so...I can't turn a hollow act into reality, Commander.

Vector looks at the candle stand beside her. The flickering flames leave a warm glow in her eyes.

Vector: But...

Vector: It doesn't feel too bad to have the occasional moment of fleeting bliss.

Vector: At the very least, that moment is real, right? 