...In the middle of the night.

In the Griffin dorms.

Click.

Z-62 slips silently into the room. After closing the door carefully, she lets out a long sigh of relief.

Z-62: So...that was a good start, wasn't it?

Z-62: I'd better write this all down before I forget...

Z-62 changes quickly into her casual attire and sits at her desk to write her diary.

"XX-XX-206X."

"I'd thought bringing three novels with me to the beach would keep me busy during the trip, little did I know..."

Commander: Right, that's the pairing sorted out.

Commander: C-MS, take Z-62 around and keep an eye out for anyone who needs help. Dismissed.

...At the beach.

Z-62 runs back and forth on the beach in high spirits as her comms barks out orders from time to time.

Z-62: I'm not sure how these tasks are conducive to the search...

Z-62: But since C-MS gave the orders, I'm going to carry them out properly!

Z-62: It's been a while since someone values me so much...

Z-62 deletes the last line from the document and activates her comms.

Z-62: Um...C-MS, ahem... I've completed the tasked called "Form a ‘C' with white shells, an ‘M' with pink shells, and an ‘S' with other small shells on the beach"!

Z-62: Um...is there anything else you'd like me to do?

Z-62: Huh? Ch-chilled watermelon? Okay... Um, C-MS, where are you now?

Z-62: Huh? Hello? C-MS...?

Z-62 looks bemusedly at her comms.

Z-62: Was I too long-winded with my report...?

She mutters to herself for a while but the comms remain inactive. She decides to leave it be and pulls out her electronic map to study the symbols around this stretch of the beach.

Z-62: Watermelon, watermelon...ah, here it is!

Z-62: It would be less time-consuming to reach the sea from this supply point. I wonder how many trips it'll take... And I guess I should share the watermelon with everyone after chilling it...?

Z-62 picks up a watermelon.

Z-62: Still...do I simply have to put it in the water?

She places the watermelon on the sand, soaking half of it in water.

She stares at it for a while, then turns around to get a stool.

Z-62: I've been so busy the whole morning I didn't even have time to read. Now is the perfect time for a few pages...

She is just about to relax when she freezes.

The waves are receding, and the watermelon that Z-62 placed in the water has become just a tiny black dot drifting away over the horizon.

Z-62: W-wait!

Z-62 puts down her novel and stamps her foot.

Z-62: Sigh, guess there can be no slacking for me...

Z-62: If I can just find something to keep the watermelon in place...hmm?

She claps her hands suddenly.

Z-62: That's right, I can just hold onto the watermelon!

Z-62: I hope the seawater isn't too cold... Haa!

Z-62 lifts up the watermelon and wades into the sea.

Z-62: The communicator is waterproof, right...?

Z-62: Uh, maybe I should just put it on my head. C-MS will probably be sending me new directives soon?

After some thought, Z-62 frees up a hand to hail C-MS.

Z-62: She isn't answering...

Z-62: Is she too busy with something else to pay attention to her comms?

Z-62: "Um...C-MS, I'm chilling a watermelon now. Uh...feel free to give me new directives..."

Z-62: I hope C-MS won't be annoyed by the message I left...

Z-62 looks around her.

Z-62: I must look weird holding a watermelon in the sea... I hope nobody notices me...

Z-62: But if I go back to shore now, the watermelon won't be chilled enough...

...

Even the usually unnoticeable Z-62 is very eye-catching right now— so eye-catching even the Commander, who's just passing by, stops and stares for a long while.

As Z-62 puts it herself, she looks...very weird.

Commander: Is that kid...pretending to be an otter...?

Commander: Oof, her communicator is sliding onto her face... Is she going to put it back with a hand? But in that position, her entire body will flip along with the watermelon if she doesn't maintain her balance...

Commander: No, wait, why is Z-62 holding a watermelon in the water to begin with...?

The Commander checks the time.

Commander: 43 minutes.

Commander: Hold on, I've been standing here for 43 minutes...?

SPLASH!

Z-62: Whoa! (Gurgles)

As the Commander expected, Z-62 ends up flipping over with the watermelon, causing a massive splash.

The Commander sighs and walks toward the sea.

Z-62: Oh no, my communicator! Communicator...oh, here it is!

Z-62: Where are my glasses...? I think I saw them drifting away...

Commander: Hey, Z-62.

With an arm holding onto the watermelon and the other feeling around the sand where it touches the water, Z-62 suddenly feels a figure looming overhead and hears the Commander's voice.

Z-62: Oh, C-Commander! What are you doing here?

The Commander gives the watermelon in Z-62's arm a point.

Commander: I was just having a stroll.

Commander: What about you? What are you doing with the watermelon?

Z-62: Uh, well... C-MS gave me a mission to chill some watermelons for her...

Commander: And you spent more than 40 minutes holding this watermelon in the sea...

Z-62: That...that's because C-MS has stopped giving me instructions...

Z-62: Oh, wait! How do you know I've been doing this for 40 minutes?! H-have you been watching this whole time...?

Commander: (Clears throat) Oh, I was just walking around and just so happened to have stopped here.

Z-62: You saw all that weird stuff that I did...

Z-62: Forget all about it!

Commander: Don't worry, I will never forget it. Humans are such creatures – the more they're asked to forget something, the less likely they'll forget it.

Z-62: Ugh...

Commander: Now that you mention it, didn't I put C-MS with you on patrols? Why would she give you a task completely irrelevant to your mission?

Z-62: Well...

Commander: Let me guess. Before this business with the watermelon, C-MS also asked you to do all kinds of random things.

Z-62: Yeah...but it's fine since I'm her subordinate for this operation.

Commander: It's also the duty of a subordinate to monitor their leader's work.

Z-62: I'm sorry, Commander...

Commander: You don't have to apologize to me.

Commander: I just don't want you to have such a rigid idea regarding workplace hierarchy— our base doesn't give off such an oppressive vibe, does it?

Commander: Is this what you think of me, Z-62? Have I ever behaved like a boss from hell...?

Z-62: Um, Commander...

Z-62: I know that...C-MS is probably messing around and having fun right now...

The Commander stares at Z-62 in surprise.

Commander: Hmm? Looks like I've been having the wrong idea.

Commander: But are you really okay with that? I was wondering if I should tell you...that while you were taking a soak in the sea, C-MS was having a massive water gun shoot-out with the other teams.

Commander: She has most probably forgotten all about you.

Z-62: Hmm, I see...

Z-62's face is unreadable. The Commander feels a bit flustered.

Commander: (Clears throat) Don't be upset. I'm going to give her a proper dressing-down.

Commander: I really shouldn't have told you the truth... I knew it, it's always better to keep your mouth shut whenever there's something you're not sure if you should say...

The Commander is still trying to find the words to comfort Z-62, but the latter merely looks up and smiles.

Z-62: Ha... I'm not upset at all, Commander. You don't have to feel guilty.

Commander: How embarrassing. Now you're the one comforting me.

Z-62: Though it does make me a little sad that C-MS forgot to give me new instructions...

Commander: No need to be sad. I'm going to lecture her!

Z-62: It's okay, Commander.

Z-62: I've always been unmemorable even back at the base... Just being C-MS' subordinate for a day and having her remember me as such even for just a little while...already makes me very happy.

Commander: You sound very cynical.

Z-62: Huh? B-but it's true...

Z-62: Whenever I go on a mission, my teammates often forget about me even when doing a headcount.

Commander: ...Now I feel even more sorry for you.

Z-62: Ha... I once had a teammate who almost thought I was a paranormal phenomenon!

Z-62: She was like, "Why are we missing one person? Who are we missing?", and she looked like she'd seen a ghost! Haha!

Commander: ...Um, Z-62.

Z-62: Oh, sorry! Am I talking too much, Commander?

Commander: That's not the problem...

Commander: What you went through doesn't sound right... These things don't normally happen, do they?

Z-62: You mean...how people often forget about me?

Commander: Of course.

Z-62: But I'm...simply unmemorable...

Z-62: So I've grown used to it... Is something wrong with that?

Commander: If you ask me, this isn't right at all.

Commander: Surely you'd like to be remembered?

Z-62 falls silent for a while, then nods.

Commander: In that case, why would you want to get used to this?

Z-62: That's because it's always been like this...

Instead of answering, the Commander takes the watermelon that Z-62 has been holding, cuts out two triangular slices with an army knife, and hand one to Z-62.

Commander: Not at all. Here, take this.

Commander: Today, I had chilled watermelon by the sea with Z-62. I'm going to remember this, and whenever I recall it, I'll think of Z-62.

Z-62 takes the slice of watermelon in a daze.

Commander: Don't bottle up your sadness, or even sweet things will taste bitter in your mouth.

Z-62: Yes, Commander.

The two sit like that on the beach, eating watermelon and watching the sea. After a long silence, Z-62 opens her mouth.

Z-62: I don't want to be forgotten...

Commander: Hmm?

Z-62: I don't actually care if C-MS was messing around or giving me inexplicable tasks. That didn't bother me at all.

Z-62: But she forgot about me and didn't even send me new instructions...

Z-62: I agreed to be her subordinate. I want her to remember me, so how did things turn out this way...?

Commander: Hmm...

Commander: If only it were C-MS sitting right here instead of me.

Z-62 is taken aback. She doesn't understand why the Commander would say that.

Commander: Perhaps you should tell her how you feel.

Z-62: But it seems kinda scary...

Commander: If you don't, you can only be sad on your own.

Commander: You don't often tell me how you feel either...

Z-62 bites her lip.

Z-62: Most of the time, when someone likes you, it's no different than liking a little flower.

Z-62: They just want to watch you bloom and stroke your petals, nothing else.

Z-62: But if one day, you hold onto that person, cut open your trunk, dig out your roots...

Z-62: And you tell that someone – "This is what I am inside. This is how I feel. Take a good look."

Z-62: It usually scares them away...

Z-62 pauses.

Z-62: I want C-MS to simply like me and remember me – nothing else.

Z-62: I'm afraid that if I get too close to somebody, I'll end up forgetting these boundaries and pouring out everything inside my heart...

Commander: ...I think I understand.

Commander: You're using your inconspicuousness as a kind of protective camouflage.

Z-62 stares at the watermelon in her hands and nods.

Commander: But I think...I can probably take it.

Z-62: Huh?

Commander: I'm the Commander, after all.

Commander: Open tree trunks and unearthed roots...are a common sight for me...

Commander: If I couldn't accept my Dolls for everything that they are, what good would this Commander be?

Z-62: Commander...

Commander: I know I have my immature moments, but sometimes it doesn't hurt to listen to my advice.

Commander: If you struggle to hold yourself back when you speak, then try writing instead. You have plenty of time to mull over what you want to express in the process of putting thoughts into words.

Z-62: You mean...I should write C-MS a letter to tell her that I want her to remember me?

Commander: That's right.

Commander: Just a simple letter. I'm sure C-MS won't forget a message she opens herself.

Z-62 gives the idea some thought and nods firmly.

Z-62: Y-you have a point!

Z-62: I'm going to write it now and give it to C-MS!

Commander: That's a good start, Z-62.

Commander: I'll come with you to look for her later. I remember she was spraying someone with water somewhere just now...

...

...Late at night.

Z-62 pushes her glasses up her nose and writes solemnly in her diary.

Z-62: "...When the Commander and I found C-MS, we got sprayed by her water gun square in the face. Both the Commander and the letter in my hand were soaking wet..."

Z-62: "But I had the last laugh. Lewis and the others helped me come up with a new plan and we ambushed C-MS!"

Z-62: "Though the Commander didn't witness how the events concluded, if I get the chance tomorrow, I'll definitely inform the Commander in person that I have finally conveyed my feelings to C-MS."

Z-62's writing hand suddenly comes to a halt. She gazes at the moon outside the window with her chin on her hand.

Z-62: Hmm...let me think. Maybe I can make this report a letter to the Commander instead?

Z-62: Yeah, that's what I'll do... Let me pick out a nice piece of paper...

...

And thus, Z-62's summer comes to an end, along with the taste of chilled watermelons, the humid sea air, and the blast of a water gun.

But to her, these memories will stay forever. Perhaps...it will also be the same for a few select people.