Commander: Phew, I can finally take a breather...

Ever since the Valentine's Day banquet, the Commander has been in the very center of a storm.

"In the small hours after the banquet, who exactly was the mysterious figure who appeared in the Commander's room?"

Because of this incident, the schedule of the Commander and a lot of Dolls have been thrown in disarray.

Commander: Cano insisted that my presence was needed at a wedding dress shooting session, but everyone here is somehow related to what happened that night.

I am currently standing by the corner of what seems to be some kind of flower maze – probably a set built to facilitate the photo shoot.

Well, I say "flower maze", but all the flowers are artificial, though there is a faint fragrance of perfume in the air that I find quite pleasing.

On top of the delightful scent, my mind is also soothed by the singing that's coming from somewhere behind me.

Commander: Singing?

I head deeper into the maze and finally find a Doll that's surrounded by a plethora of flowers.

Having caught sight of me, she stops singing.

Zas M21: Are you lost, Commander?

Commander: Zas, I knew I'd also find you here.

Zas M21: What's wrong? You've grown all tense at the sight of me.

Zas M21: Surely we both want to have nothing to do with this whole episode.

Commander: Am I really such an open book? But I know you'd understand how frustrating that incident has been for us.

Zas M21: Indeed. After all, we are the ones present at the very beginning of the timeline in question.

I sudden feel a little awkward. I only learned the following day that it was Zas and Grizzly who carried me back to my room after the banquet, but I have absolutely no memory of what exactly happened.

Commander: You got embroiled in this mess just because you helped me back to the dorm, and I don't even remember any of it.

Commander: It feels as if I'm not being grateful for your good intentions.

Zas M21: If you're trying to ask me about the details of that night, you don't have to be so roundabout about it.

Zas M21: Isn't it a Doll's most basic duty to answer your questions, Commander?

Commander: So you saw through me right from the start...

Zas M21: Let me review my memory logs...

Zas M21: At 23.01, we entered the Commander's dorm – Grizzly put the Commander to bed while I went off on my own to tidy up the place. At 23.10, I cleaned and organized the space outside the bedroom; it was not as messy as I expected. At 23.14, Grizzly reported back, informing me that the Commander had retired. Once I finished making the final touches, we decided to leave the dorm together. At 23.15, someone seemed to have opened the door, torn open the packaging of the chocolate on the Commander's bedside table, and taken a bite out of it. At 23.16, Grizzly and I exited the Commander's dorm. I reactivated the safety lock on the Commander's door while I was in the corridor.

Commander: Slow down, Zas... Why are you talking like you're reading off your system logs...?

Zas M21: I have been asked to repeat them many, many times. Commander, do you know what I have been through the last few days?

Zas M21: You know what? I am trying to think of a reason not to teach you a lesson, other than the fact that we are colleagues, and that you are much smaller and shorter than me.

Stechkin: You can forget about that last reason.

Zas M21: So I take it that you're fully prepared to pay the price for disturbing my peace today?

Makarov: We are willing to take any form of punishment, so could you please provide us more details regarding what happened that night?

ZasM21: Do I look like a Hollywood villain who'd reveal everything just to gloat when they seemingly have the upper hand?

ZasM21: Besides, I was only planning to tie you up in here for a while so you won't go messing around anymore.

Makarov: We are just trying to get to the bottom of the mystery regarding the unknown intruder in the Commander's room.

Zas M21: At 23.01, we entered the Commander's dorm – Grizzly put the Commander to bed while I went off on my own to tidy up the place. At 23.10, I cleaned and organized the space outside the bedroom; it was not as messy as I expected. At 23.14, Grizzly reported back, informing me that the Commander had retired. Once I finished making the final touches, we decided to leave the dorm together. At 23.15, someone seemed to have opened the door, torn open the packaging of the chocolate on the Commander's bedside table, and taken a bite out of it. At 23.16, Grizzly and I exited the Commander's dorm. I reactivated the safety lock on the Commander's door while I was in the corridor.

Zas read out her memory logs from that night in a rapid-fire, robotic monotone.

Makarov: Who-who can remember all that?!

Makarov: Can you repeat everything at a more reasonable pace?

Zas M21: I've been seeking refuge in a corner on this remote rooftop terrace, yet you still came and ruined my peace and quiet.

Zas M21: I've already been generous enough by giving you a rundown on my actions.

Stechkin: It's alright, Makarov. I've recorded Zas' account.

Stechkin: Now I can play the audio recording again at 0.1x the original speed.

Zas' Audio Recording: "At 23.01, we entered the Commander's dorm – Grizzly put the Commander to bed while I went off on my own to tidy up the place. At 23.10, I cleaned and organized the space outside the bedroom; it was not as messy as I expected. At 23.14, Grizzly reported back, informing me that the Commander had retired. Once I finished making the final touches, we decided to leave the dorm together."

Stechkin: Hm, everything seems fine so far.

Zas' Audio Recording: "At 23.15, someone seemed to have opened the door, torn open the packaging of the chocolate on the Commander's bedside table, and taken a bite out of it."

Stechkin: Stop! What was that all about?

Zas M21: I was just reading out my logs.

Zas M21: I'll leave the detective work to you two gadflies.

Stechkin: I never expected you to be so understanding, Zas, but your indifference could result in the failure of capturing a key suspect.

Stechkin: Not to mention, if you'd wanted to stay out of this, you could've just remained silent.

Makarov: Yet you have come forward with this information, probably out of your sense of duty to Griffin or the Commander.

Makarov: I understand your conflicted feelings, but since you've already taken the first step, why not go all the way?

Zas looked a bit miffed by what Stechkin said, but she had a point – she had already passed up the chance of staying uninvolved.

Zas M21: Then I'll just offer another tiny, trivial detail. When the door got opened, I think I saw a figure – someone wearing a dress with ruffles.

Makarov: A Doll in a ruffled dress...

Stechkin: Ruffled dress, a stolen bite on the chocolate... I might be onto something!

Stechkin: Alright, we won't bother you anymore, so release us and let us resume our investigation!

But Zas simply ignored Stechkin. The two Dolls were still pinned to the wall by a hunting net.

Zas M21: You say that, but how can I be certain that you won't find other reasons to disturb my day off again?

Zas M21: So you two should just chill here for a while.

Zas M21: Of course, Makarov found a way to get out of the net soon after I left them, and they continued to make mischief.

Commander: You only stayed in my room for just a short while, I didn't know your precious vacation was completely ruined because of that.

Zas M21: So you DO understand why I want to have nothing more to do with this whole business.

Commander: That's why you're in the this flower maze all by yourself – you're hiding from the aftermath of that incident.

Zas M21: If I really wanted to completely remove myself from this situation, I should've just turned down Cano's invitation.

Zas M21: Actually, I DO want to stay away, so why DID I not reject her?

Zas M21: How strange – I'm not usually this wishy-washy.

Zas lowers her head and fiddles with the skirts of her wedding dress. She seems a little depressed.

Commander: You don't have to agonize over your indecision.

Commander: Through our conversation, I have learned a lot more about what happened that night.

Commander: Even in your "wishy-washy" state, you have still been immensely helpful.

I walk up to Zas and help her smooth out her long train.

Zas also adjusts her posture and recovers her usual poise.

Zas M21: Is this your way of showing your concern for me, Commander?

Commander: What's wrong, Zas? Do you not accept my goodwill?

Zas M21: I'm still not entirely pleased.

Commander: Oh right, I still haven't thanked you for tidying my room the other night..

Zas M21: Don't mention it.

Zas M21: Still, you seem quite determined to undo the damage.

Commander: I just don't want anyone to be affected or troubled by that incident.

Zas M21: Well, aren't you also rather capricious, Commander? You were just saying you didn't want to get involved anymore, yet now you are jumping back into this mess just to stop it from affecting us.

Zas M21: Are all humans like this?

Commander: I should have dealt with the situation more proactively to begin with. It's just that...

Zas tilts her head.

Zas M21: There are things that can be conveyed through just a look, you know?

Commander: (Sighs) You have caught me in too many unseemly moments in the last few days.

Zas M21: Will a lion let its fleas bring it down?

Commander: Zas...

Commander: Alright, if I want to live up to the high esteem you hold me in, I'd better get moving.

Comforted by Zas' words of encouragement, I pull myself together once more.

She must have also perceived the change in me from my eyes, as she lets out a small chuckle.

Zas M21: Before you go, may I ask you one last question?

Commander: Go ahead.

Zas M21: Recently, you have been busy with organizing the reconstruction of the base and delegating logistics missions; sometimes you have so much work to do, you don't even leave the command room for days.

Zas M21: But when I was in your room, other than the numerous stacks of documents waiting to be read, the place appeared to have been regularly cleaned and tidied.

Zas M21: So who has been doing that for you, Commander?

Commander: Well, about that...

Zas M21: How about this – I'll let you ask me a question in return.

Zas M21: If I find it interesting enough, I'll let you off the hook.

Faced with Zas' spontaneous test, I reply with the "answer" that I have prepared.

Commander: Zas, you said you only accepted Cano's invitation very reluctantly, right?

Commander: In that case, why did you still decide to try on a wedding dress?

Zas M21: Isn't that obvious?

Zas M21: I wish I could document the face you made the moment you saw me in the dress.

Zas M21: I suppose that could be why we've been given human personalities.

Commander: So what do you think about my question?

Zas M21: I think it might have been a bit too impertinent for the final question to be asked in this garden.

Commander: Yet I received an answer that's filled with human sentimentality. Your complexity is what makes you so utterly charming.