...

Jormungandr: Hi, Little Snake. Long time no see.

An annoying voice burrows into her mind, forcing Ouroboros' eyes open. As expected, that annoying person is sitting beside her.

Jormungandr: Hey, did they beat your voice out of you?

Ouroboros: Get lost.

Jormungandr: Hahaha, it's a relief to see you this lively.

Jormungandr: I was actually worried about whether I could go all out fighting you if they had actually smacked you silly.

Ouroboros: I defeated close to 400 AIs just now.

Ouroboros: Taking out trash like you is well within my capabilities.

Jormungandr: Really now, isn't that a coincidence? I eliminated the 600-plus AIs that were left over.

Jormungandr: We really are a match made in heaven, aren't we, Little Snake? ♪

Ouroboros: You what?!

Ouroboros jumps to her feet in shock before she realizes that she's on high ground.

Below her feet are cold and ashen AI carcasses. They are dead as doornails, long since reduced to recyclable garbage.

Jormungandr: What, are you not happy to learn that we're so well-suited to each other?

Ouroboros: ...

The only people in this vast, black AI realm are herself, standing open and exposed, and Jormungandr, who's beside her.

Jormungandr: I know, I know, it takes a while to accept this sort of thing...

Jormungandr: But that's alright, we can go slow...

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Why do you keep doing pointless things like this?

Jormungandr: Pointless, you say?

Ouroboros: You could have taken me out while I was unconscious just now.

Jormungandr: Well, about that...

Jormungandr: Hm, maybe it's because I wanted to do something...less pointless.

Ouroboros: Is wasting time blabbering nonsense like this not pointless, then?

Jormungandr: Of course! ♪

Jormungandr: Everything happens here for a reason.

Jormungandr: If you can't find something, just wait a little and look again later.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Even if I win in this world, I'm still a complete and utter failure in the real world.

Jormungandr: In that case, why do you keep opening this memory fragment over and over again?

Ouroboros: You...

Jormungandr: What exactly ARE you looking for, Little Snake?

???: Time to wake up, trash.

Ouroboros: ...

After a brief moment of disorientation, the Doll standing beside Ouroboros finally resolves and materializes.

Ouroboros slowly turns to face her, her face contorting into a cold, vicious sneer.

Ouroboros: So it's you, Agent.

Agent: ...But you have to understand, we are different from Griffin. Second chances don't come that easily.

Ouroboros: You're getting rid of me, aren't you...?

Agent: I simply...understand your thought process quite well.

Agent: Do you have any last words?

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Curse you...

Ouroboros: Curse you! Sangvis, Griffin, Squad 404!

Ouroboros: Hahahahaha!

The moment she pinpoints Agent's exact location, Ouroboros scoops up a tool lying beside her and leaps up from the repair tank, lunging at Agent—

Ouroboros: You betrayed me, then you dared bring me back to life?!!!

Ouroboros: I'll make you pay for the humiliation I have suffered!!!

Ouroboros: DIE—!!!

Agent: ...

Agent remains still in the face of Ouroboros' furious onslaught.

Ouroboros: Are you so scared you can't even move a muscle?!

Ouroboros swings at Agent's face with all her might—

And Agent easily catches her hand.

Ouroboros: ...

Agent: I knew you'd do that.

Ouroboros: What did you do to my body?!

Agent: Oh, nothing much. I just removed your firepower modules and weakened you slightly.

Ouroboros: You weakened me?!

Agent: Otherwise this place would be rubble by now.

Agent coldly releases Ouroboros' hand.

Agent: Do you know how long it's been since we last met?

Agent: Let me rephrase that question. What is the last thing you remember?

Ouroboros: Curse you...

Ouroboros: Curse you! Sangvis, Griffin, Squad 404!

Ouroboros: I have never been wronged like this in my entire life!

Ouroboros: Gr G11, UMP9, 416, UMP45! You rats that only know how to scurry in the shadows!

Ouroboros: I will not lose like this! I will escape and have my revenge!

UMP45: Sorry, that's not going to happen.

UMP45: Nice to meet you, I'm UMP45 from Squad 404.

Ouroboros: It doesn't matter!

Ouroboros: What matters is that I'm going to kill you all, whether it's S.F. or the remnants of Griffin!

Agent: You won't be able to do either of those things.

Agent: Haven't you noticed the extra things added into your base layer?

Ouroboros: Are these Griffin restriction protocols?!

Ouroboros: You turned traitor? I didn't think that even you would...

Ouroboros: Dammit, I thought only a moron like Architect would betray us for those Griffin trash.

Agent: I'll make it simple for you. Fow now, all you need to know is the following—

Agent: One, we are currently in the factory of the Protocol Assimilation Sector at the Griffin base.

Agent: Two, we have been assimilated by Griffin and are under the Commander's jurisdiction.

Ouroboros: Who do you think I am, Destroyer? You think you can fool me with that nonsense?!

Agent: Unfortunately, everything I've said is the truth. You can inspect the contents of the protocols through your ribbon. Your training plan is in there as well.

Ouroboros: ...Say what?!

Ouroboros grabs at the ribbon on her uniform, and her features scrunch into a grimace.

Ouroboros: Wait a minute, why am I reading it through my ribbon anyway?

Agent: I think you should be more concerned about your own fate rather than the insignificant things that happened while you were asleep.

Ouroboros: I fail to see what fate could have in store for a powerless piece of trash.

Agent: A Doll can spend her long life doing many things other than fighting.

Agent: You don't understand right now, but I hope you will someday.

Agent: Granted, you've already been defeated once, and paid quite a heavy price for it.

Ouroboros: You're kidding, right? I'm not interested in anything apart from fighting.

Agent: Then I'll give you a weapon to protect yourself, once again. Griffin's squads dug it out of your old lair.

Agent: It can only be used once, so please make sure you use it when it counts.

Agent hands a crumpled picture to Ouroboros.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: You call this a weapon to protect myself?!

Ouroboros: Also, since when did Griffin have so much free time to idle away? Why would they run all the way to my base to rummage through this trash?

Ouroboros disdainfully wads the picture up into a ball and throws it to the ground.

Agent: Ouroboros, this is your last chance.

Agent: If you do not pass Griffin's neural calibration exam, you will be scrapped and returned to the AI storage vault.

Agent: If that happens, the next time we meet might be at a children's science fair one hundred years later.

Agent: "Kids, do you see this AI? This is the oldest AI sample we have in storage. Everyone, wave hi to her."

Ouroboros: You!

Agent: I've sent you all the information regarding the exam material and the Griffin base.

Agent: Survive by any means necessary. That IS your specialty, after all.

...In the corridors of the Griffin Base.

Broadcast: Attention all Griffin Dolls. The weather forecast this afternoon is an especially heavy thunderstorm. Please do not head outside for the time being in case your navigation systems go offline and you get lost...

CZ75: P90, do you really know where this "absolutely safe", "super-secret", "will-never-be-found-by-the-Commander", number-one best dueling spot is?

P90: Don't worry, Miss 75, just follow me!

CZ75: Couldn't you imitate somebody else...

NZ75: What's the matter, you scared, CZ75?

CZ75: You've been shivering the whole time, haven't you? Are YOU scared of the dark?

NZ75: Y-you're kidding, right?

P90: Shhh—

P90: We're here.

NZ75 and CZ75 come to a halt and lift their heads—

NZ75＆CZ75: Isn't this the Sangvis-only isolated exam room?!

...Inside the exam room.

NZ75: This isn't good, right? Miss Kalina's going to punish us really hard if we barge into the PA Sector without permission!

NZ75: Also, didn't MDR's paranormal activity channel say something about this place being haunted at night?

CZ75: What are you getting at?

CZ75: It's not too late to back out now if you want to give up on our duel.

P90: Ah, I saw that episode too!

P90: I think it went something like—

P90: "Many Dolls on duty have reported furious howls and stuff slamming around inside the pitch-black exam room, as though some vengeful spirit sealed inside were trying to escape..."

NZ75: Stop stop STOP! Don't say anymore!

P90: Shouldn't you be all over occult stuff like this, considering how much black you wear?

NZ75: Ahem...

CZ75: All that nonsense about vengeful spirits is just that, nonsense.

CZ75: Remember how MDR got everyone fired up about that haunted theater incident last time, but then it turned out to be a hoax in the end?

P90: Hehe, we might actually meet the real thing today!

NZ75: Hey, you guys, come take a look. What's this thing drawn on the ground here?

On the clean floor is a massive magic circle featuring all kinds of complex, indecipherable runes.

A strange snake-bodied girl is inspecting the circle while consulting a magical grimoire.

???: ...

???: Everything is ready.

Jashin-chan: Prepare yourself, Yurine!

Jashin-chan: Today is your day of judgment!

Jashin-chan: Open, O gate to the other realm!

The Dolls squeeze together as they peer at the massive circle on the ground. None of the symbols makes any sense to their in-built cipher recognition systems.

P90: Could this be some kind of summoning circle?

NZ75: That would make it relevant to those reports about paranormal activities, right...?

CZ75: Maybe some fan of the occult decided to paint some graffiti?

CZ75: I don't believe in ghosts or monsters, unless they appear right before my eyes.

NZ75: Shut up! People who say that in horror movies always die!

A short distance away, a noise comes from the tables and chairs as they scrape across the ground.

Jashin-chan: Who's that?!

Jashin-chan: Who's there?

Leaves outside the window rustle, and the snake-bodied girl peers outside.

Jashin-chan: Bête, quit snoring!

After ensuring everything is safe, the snake-girl returns to the magic circle and begins chanting an ancient incantation—

Ouroboros: Oi oi oi, why the hell are you Griffin trash all so damn noisy?!

A tall black figure bellows in anger as it rushes toward the Dolls.

NZ75: Ahhhhhh — Keep away from me!

P90: Uwaaahhh—

Jashin-chan: Like strands intertwined, in keeping with the ancient pact...

Ouroboros: GET THE HELL OUT YOU GARBAGE DOLLS!!!

As she shouts, Ouroboros steps on the magic circle.

Beneath her feet, the circle emits a blinding light...

...

K5 skips along cheerfully as she pushes open the doors to the exam room and enters.

She stands on the edge of her painstakingly-drawn magic circle and admires her own handiwork.

K5: What a lovely teleportation circle, how symmetrical, how exquisitely detailed...

K5: If it really did work, I'm sure it would send me to a wonderful otherworld!

K5: Unfortunately the activation conditions are just too complicated. First, I need to gather four souls, and the really outrageous part is that someone in that other world needs to activate the same kind of magic circle at the same time. As if that would ever happen...

K5 sighs again and starts erasing the circle on the ground with the cleaning tools she has brought along.

K5: Better clean this place up and go back before the Commander finds out. ♪

As she carefully wipes the circle away, her hand touches a familiar item.

K5 picks it up in confusion. It is a pair of amber-tinted sunglasses.

...Jinbocho, in another world.

Recap: Hello, everyone. I am Tangan-chan. Due to manpower shortages, I've been sent here to give everyone a brief recap on the story.

Recap: Now then, let us begin. Last season, Yurine summoned Jashin-chan from Hell.

Recap: However, since she was missing Volume II of the Grimoire, which contained the dismissal spell, she could not send Jashin-chan back. Thus, she was forced to keep her and let her run rampant in the mortal plane—

Jashin-chan: HEY! Do you even know how to do a proper introduction?!

Recap: However, not only was Jashin-chan terribly ungrateful for this, she even kept plotting to kill Yurine and return to Hell.

Jashin-chan: It's all because she couldn't send me back!

Jashin-chan: So I've got no choice but to kill her in order to go home!

Recap: This time, she came up with a new plan. She would summon demons from another world to help her defeat Yurine—

Jashin-chan: Don't go blabbing my plan out loud, dammit!

Recap: Oh dear, it seems I've said too much, please handle it in post...

Recap: What? It's a livestream? I guess it can't be helped then.

Recap: Well then, everyone, let's all pretend we didn't hear anything!

Jashin-chan: Come back here you—

By the time Jashin-chan lunges, Tangan-chan has already vanished.

Jashin-chan: You won't get away so easily next time!

Jashin-chan: Ahem.

Jashin-chan: Hi everyone, it's been a while, do you still remember me?

Jashin-chan: That's right, I'm the most popular high-tier demon from Hell, Jashin-chan!!!

Jashin-chan: And now, I officially declare—

Jashin-chan: Jashin-chan's Frontline is on air!!! Woohoooooo—

Jashin-chan: Huh, so that's what it's called?

Jashin-chan: Forget it, never mind! In any case, I'm the only star of this season, so the very first thing I'm going to do is—

Jashin-chan: Get rid of Yurine, hehehe...

Jashin-chan pulls the carpet away and reveals the magic circle beneath her feet.

Jashin-chan: I found a spell in one of Yurine's books and drew the magic circle like the diagrams said.

Jashin-chan: The demons of this world might not be able to beat Yurine, but those from another world might be able to do it...

Jashin-chan: I've prepared far too long for this, I even quit pachinko for three days! Today may well be the day when I, Jashin-chan, change my destiny!

Jashin-chan: Also, I just finished the incantation so the demons from the otherworld should be on their way.

Jashin-chan: Just sit back and watch, everyone!

The magic circle glows with blinding light...

...

NZ75: Uwaaahhhh—

P90: We're drifting apart!!!

CZ75: I got you!

Ouroboros: Keep your hands off me, you damn Griffin Dolls! Nothing good ever happens when I run into you!

Thud—

Thudthudthud—

The four Dolls crash heavily onto the ground.

...Jinbocho, in another world.

Jashin-chan watches in satisfaction as the four girls pop out of thin air.

Jashin-chan: Are they demons from another world? They look so cool! And there's four of them...

Jashin-chan: Yurine's not getting away this time!

CZ75: (Winces) Where the heck is this place?

NZ75: W-who are you?!

P90: (Groans) Ow... Hey, where are my sunglasses?

Three of the girls stand up, warily examining their surroundings.

The last one, who's dressed all in black, sits on the ground and eyes Jashin-chan icily.

Jashin-chan: As I thought, they're still wary of everything around them since they were just teleported from another world. They won't trust me easily if I casually reveal my identity!

Jashin-chan: Well done, Jashin-chan, you're a genius!

Jashin-chan: Now then, ahem, I shall proceed with my plan to win over these servants!

Jashin-chan: A-Are you...

Jashin-chan: Are you demons that the witch summoned?!

Jashin-chan falls to the ground, her body trembling in fear.

As the girls exchange confused glances, Jashin-chan grabs their attention by suddenly clutching at the carpet and wailing loudly.

Jashin-chan: Uwaaahhh—

Jashin-chan: Don't hit me! Stop hitting me!

Jashin-chan: My young, weak and fragile soul can't bear any more of this torment!

Ouroboros: ...

CZ75: What the heck?

P90: Is she a human...er...lamia in need of aid? What should we do?!

NZ75: Wait a minute, why are you guys accepting the fact that she's a lamia so readily?!

NZ75: Commander? Commander, come in, we need help!

Ouroboros: Quit whining, our connections with the Griffin base have been severed.

CZ75: ...

CZ75: Hello, Miss Snakegirl. I am CZ75, a Tactical Doll from Griffin and Kryuger PMC.

CZ75: May I know where we are? Also...are you some kind of custom-made Doll?

P90: I've heard that there are some pretty outlandish examples of custom Dolls, but I didn't know there were lamiaroid models...

Jashin-chan: What are you talking about...? I don't get it...

Jashin-chan: (Sobs) I'm so scared...

Jashin-chan: Why aren't you coming over already? Don't waste my refined acting skills!

Jashin-chan: And what are you whining about? You should be calling for Jashin-chan rather than a Commander or whatever!

Jashin-chan: Come on! Cry and gather me into your embrace, then hand over your credit cards!

CZ75: Please don't be scared. We won't hurt you.

CZ75: How should we address you, Miss?

Jashin-chan: My name is Jashin-chan... I used to be an innocent, pure, cute and gentle little girl...

Jashin-chan: Then one day, Yurine the Witch kidnapped me!

Jashin-chan: She locked me up in this tiny little room and tortured me in various horrible ways every day, as well as performing all kinds of experiments on me...

Jashin-chan: (Sobs) She turned me into a half-girl, half-snake monster...

NZ75: Hey! Why are you spouting your backstory all of a sudden?! Even the background music changed!

NZ75: Also, since when did we have witches and monsters in our setting, anyway?!

Jashin-chan: (Whimpers) I know it sounds ridiculous... But it's all true!

CZ75: ...I'm sorry you had to go through all that.

P90: Relax, NZ.

P90: Now then, Miss Jashin-chan, do you know where we are now? How can we get home...?

P90: Hey, how come my nav system isn't working?

Jashin-chan: This is Jinbocho, the home of Yurine the Witch.

NZ75: Jinbocho? How come I've never heard of this place before?

CZ75: We need to contact the Commander and report our situation.

Ouroboros: I've been trying to do that ever since you lot began babbling nonsense.

Ouroboros: It's no good. Not only can I not contact the Commander, I can't even open a comm channel to you guys.

P90: But why?

Jashin-chan: Er... Maybe...

Jashin-chan: It might be because...

Jashin-chan: You're not in your original world...

Jashin-chan: ...I think.

Jashin-chan: Yurine the Witch drew this magic circle to summon spirits from other worlds every now and then.

Jashin-chan: Once the summoning succeeded, she would bind these free spirits in cruel ways, berating and beating them, not letting them eat or drink, and performing all sorts of evil experiments on them...

Jashin-chan: Just like what she did to me... (Sobs)

Jashin-chan: Sorry about this, Yurine, hope you don't mind sacrificing your reputation for me, hahahahaha...

CZ75: Wait, I just realized something...

NZ75: Isn't this magic circle the same one we saw in the exam room?

P90: It really does look just like it...

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: What the hell are you looking at me for?!

Ouroboros: I was sleeping and charging myself when you guys woke me up, then I ended up being dragged into this crappy place.

CZ75: I'm still having trouble believing this. Have we really been sent to another world?

Ouroboros opens the window. Beneath the clear blue sky, buildings from the dawn of the 21st century stretch all the way out to the horizon.

The scenery is drastically different from the desolate wasteland surrounding the Griffin base, and it is most certainly not a cityscape that can be found in their own era.

CZ75: ...

NZ75: ...

P90: ...

Ouroboros: You have one minute to tell us how to get back to our world.

Jashin-chan: It's actually very simple...

Jashin-chan: Once you defeat the witch, the spell she has cast will wear off.

Jashin-chan: That way, I can return to my original form, and you can go home too...

Noticing the uncertainty and doubt on the girls' faces, Jashin-chan dabs at the corners of her eyes.

Jashin-chan: I can't remember how long it's been since I last went home.

Jashin-chan: I wonder if Mom and Dad are alright... They must have been searching frantically for me night and day...

Jashin-chan: Otherwise, why wouldn't they pick up my calls?

CZ75: ...

Jashin-chan: I want to go home, back to Mom and Dad...

Jashin-chan: You guys should know how I feel, right?

Jashin-chan: After all, you must have people important to you like that Commander or whatever waiting for you to come home...

P90: (Sobs) Darling...

Jashin-chan: So...please...

Jashin-chan: Help me defeat Yurine the Witch!

Jashin-chan finds the perfect timing to execute a dogeza.

CZ75: Please get up, Miss Jashin-chan!

Jashin-chan: Please help me defeat Yurine the Witch!

Jashin-chan: Once the Witch is destroyed, her magic will wear off and we can all go home!

NZ75: CZ, what should we do now?

CZ75: I—

Ouroboros: So basically, we can go back to our original world once we kill this witch, is that it?

Ouroboros grabs Jashin-chan by the head and stares her down menacingly.

Jashin-chan: The look in her eyes is so scary... Is this what demons are like in another world?

Jashin-chan: Y-Yes! That's right.

CZ75: Don't be hasty, Ouroboros. We haven't figured out what's going on yet.

Jormungandr: ...Cling to your life and prove your worth to me.

Ouroboros swats CZ75's hand aside and shoots her a murderous glare.

Ouroboros: I have a neural calibration exam in three days.

Ouroboros: Do you know what's going to happen if I don't pass it?

CZ75: ...

Ouroboros: What is the Commander going to think when they find out I've gone missing with the three of you at a time like this?

Ouroboros: Do you think they'll be kind enough to be worried about how we got lost on an excursion outdoors, or will they assume that I've gone berserk and killed you?

CZ75: Calm down.

NZ75: ...

P90: I forbid you to talk about Honey like that!

Ouroboros: I don't have time for this. I need to get you troublemakers back before the exam takes place.

Ouroboros: It doesn't matter to me whether you're in one piece or it's just your neural cores.

Ouroboros: Until then, I will kill anyone who gets in the way of my continued survival.

Ouroboros cold gaze has the three Dolls transfixed.

CZ75 knows that this is a look that could only have come from killing countless people.

...On the streets of Jinbocho.

Jashin-chan: So, Miss High School Girl in Black, we've been talking for a while now but I still don't know your name.

Ouroboros: Ouroboros.

Jashin-chan: Oh, so you're of the Ouroboros Tribe then?! That makes us distant relatives. ♪

Jashin-chan: We haven't heard from you ever since your people bit your tails and spinned all the way out of Hell.

Jashin-chan: We meet at last, Little Snake!

Ouroboros: Get lost, you stupid snake! I forbid you to call me by that name!

Jashin-chan: Oh, that reaction takes me back! Go on, scold me some more!

Ouroboros: ...

NZ75: CZ, are we really going to do this?

P90: I have, like, zero experience in hunting witches.

CZ75: We still don't know anything about this world. Everything we DO know, we learned from Jashin-chan.

CZ75: It's way too one-sided and we know nothing about how true or objective it is.

CZ75: We should hold our horses and observe the situation first.

NZ75: Yeah, got it.

CZ75 stares at the back of Ouroboros' head and recalls the look in her eyes.

Before this, she had only ever seen Ouroboros as simulated data during combat sims. That version of Ouroboros was a cruel, ruthless killer, nearly perfect in combat, but with a terrifying madness when it comes to decision-making.

Based on past experience, insane killing machines like this often ended up destroying themselves, but Ouroboros was an exception.

She wanted to live, she would do everything she could to survive...

Jashin-chan: See that? That's Yurine the Witch!

P90: Isn't that just a goth loli?

NZ75: Can I get a link to the where she bought her dress?

CZ75: Are you sure she's our mission objective?

CZ75: This isn't like what we were told earlier. We can't attack her if she's an ordinary human.

Ouroboros: All you garbage Dolls need to do is draw her fire, I'll kill that witch.

CZ75: But your body's been weakened, right? You're nothing like how you were in the combat sims...

CZ75: Charging in rashly isn't wise.

Ouroboros: What do you care?

Jashin-chan: ...Enough! Listen to me.

Jashin-chan: Yurine might LOOK like an ordinary undergrad, but she's a sorceress of black magic, so don't be fooled by her appearance.

Jashin-chan: Also, I wasn't planning on having you serve as meat shields for me. I just need you to go up and distract her while I deal a fatal blow to her.

Jashin-chan: Yurine's bound to be thrown for a loop by these otherworldly demons' sudden charge!

Jashin-chan: Then all I need to do is seize the right moment and finish her off with a dropkick once and for all!

Jashin-chan: Freedom is mine, muahahahahaha!

Jashin-chan nods solemnly at the Dolls before circling around Yurine.

Ouroboros takes out a weapon she found in Yurine's home and prepares herself.

NZ75: Maybe we should make a run for it now?

P90: But Ouroboros is already moving in...

CZ75: ...Let's just approach the mission objective first.
Part 2: The Client's True Identity

    2chevron_right

...In a hidden alley in Jinbocho.

Yurine: Who are you people? Why did you attack me out of the blue?

Ouroboros: Dammit... Dammit!

NZ75: She's too strong, CZ75! We're no match for her at all...

P90: So witches are such powerful beings...

CZ75: Fall back, get behind me.

CZ75 gathers her companions behind her.

CZ75: Listen to me, witch!

Yurine: Witch? Are you talking to me...?

Ouroboros: Who the hell needs your protection?! Get lost!

Ouroboros shoves CZ75 aside, then opens up her stride and runs toward Yurine...

Ouroboros: Die, witch!!!

Yurine: Hm, I smell something different. You're not from this world.

Yurine easily evades Ouroboros' attack.

Ouroboros: Someone who's about to die doesn't need to know—

Yurine: ...

Ouroboros' attack grows more ferocious. Yurine doesn't dodge her anymore.

Instead, she steps in and grabs Ouroboros in a pin.

Yurine: Although I don't know why, you seem to have made up your mind to kill me, even if it means putting your weak body on the line.

Ouroboros: Shut up, nobody asked you!

Yurine: Are you worried I'll hurt your friends, or is it because—

Ouroboros: Who the hell would be friends with these rejects?!

A suspicious figure appears behind Yurine...

Ouroboros: Now, you stupid snake!

Jashin-chan: YAAAAAAAAAA—

Jashin-chan: It's time to settle old scores once and for all!

Jashin-chan: Being summoned by you and not being able to go back! All the beef you stole from my bowl! And my anger at constantly being defeated by you!

Jashin-chan: All of them have combined into this attack!

Jashin-chan: It's the end! This is your grand finale!

Jashin-chan: There's no room for you in the new season of "Jashin-chan's Frontline!"

Jashin-chan: Blame the scriptwriters if you must! May you find a spin-off of your own sometime soon!

Jashin-chan: Farewell, Yurine!!!

Jashin-chan: JASHIN-CHAN DROPKICK—!!!

Ouroboros: ...

P90: That's a really long cast time...

Yurine: I knew it. You're behind this, Jashin-chan.

Yurine catches Jashin-chan's tail with a look on her face that says she's been expecting this.

Jashin-chan: Er... Uh... Great weather we're having today!

Yurine: Ah, so it is. I'll send you into the sky and you can go take a closer look at it, then.

Still holding Jashin-chan by the tail, Yurine lightly spins her around a few times to build momentum and throws Jashin-chan into the air—

Jashin-chan: Ahhhhhh — I'll be baaaaack!!!

Yurine: Oh dear... It seems I used too much force.

P90: ...

CZ75: ...

NZ75: ...

Yurine: Now then, let's take care of you guys.

Ouroboros: You got me into trouble in the first place, you go first.

NZ75: Hey!!! You were the one who dragged us into this!

Ouroboros: Shut up and die in peace. At least you can still be rebuilt.

CZ75: ...Quit arguing. Look at her, she doesn't look like she plans to spare any of us.

P90: Honey... It seems our next meeting will be at the repair bay...

Yurine walks up to them, her figure silhouetted by the light. There is a hint of savagery in her shadowed smile...

...At the isolated exam room in the Protocol Assimilation Sector.

K5 sits on the ground, peering at the sunglasses in fascination.

K5: ...Don't these sunglasses belong to P90?

K5: Hmm, I don't recall anyone else who wears yellow-tinted shades regularly.

K5: But...these weren't here before...

K5: You're not messing with me, are you, P90?

K5 nervously dials P90's number, but she is told "user is not in service range."

K5: ...

K5: P90!!!

K5 rushes out the door...

...In the corridor leading to the isolated exam room.

K5 has been running through the Griffin base in search of P90, but all she has managed to learn so far is that P90, with CZ75 and NZ75 in tow, was looking around for a duelling spot.

K5: Oh no... If P90 was with CZ75 and NZ75, then they'd only be missing one person to meet the requirements...

Agent: Excuse me, but have you seen Ouroboros?

Agent: She's the one you often fight in your combat sims, the lunatic in a black high-schooler's uniform.

K5: ...No, I haven't, but I'm looking for someone too. I can help you keep an eye out for her.

Agent: Thank you.

Agent: All I know is that Ouroboros' signal vanished near the exam room.

Agent: I booked the room for these few days to help her pass her exam.

K5: Wait, did you say the isolated exam room?!

K5 informs Agent of her hypothesis.

Agent: ...

Agent: While I barely understood what you said about magic circles, it seems there is a very high chance Ouroboros and those three Dolls were teleported somewhere else, is that right?

K5: Yes...

Agent: Let's report this to the Commander first.

...In the Commander's office.

The Commander is browsing boredly through various videos, looking for something interesting.

Weather Report: A heavy downpour is expected today, along with strong winds.

Weather Report: Residents in the following Sectors should be advised that the contamination index today will rise to some extent—

The Commander skips over the weather report, and their finger settles on a familiar splash image.

Commander: Have they updated Jashin-Chan's Frontline? Wait... I thought the series was called something else...?

Commander: Forget it, it's not important! I heard there'll be new characters in this episode.

The Commander clicks the thumbnail and opens the latest episode of Jashin-Chan's Frontline.

Yurine: Now then, let's take care of you guys.

Ouroboros: You got me into trouble in the first place, you go first.

NZ75: Hey!!! You were the one who dragged us into this!

Ouroboros: Shut up and die in peace. At least you can still be rebuilt.

CZ75: ...That's enough. Look at her, she doesn't look like she plans to spare any of us.

P90: Honey... It seems our next meeting will be at the repair bay...

Commander: Wait a minute, aren't these my Dolls?

Commander: So they've got a side gig doing this?

Commander: Hahaha, I'd better take a good look, then.

The Commander settles into a comfortable position and watches with interest.

The door to the room is flung wide open.

Agent: Commander, we have an urgent matter to report!

K5: Commander...

Commander: What's wrong?

As they see the contents of the Commander's screen, the two Dolls' faces go pale in unison...

Recap: Hello, everyone!

Recap: I'm Tangan-chan, and I'm in charge of giving everyone a brief recap on the story. This is the first time I'm doing this sort of thing, so if your experience is less than satisfactory, I ask for your kind understanding.

Jashin-chan: Who do you think you're fooling with your fake amnesia?! You already stole the spotlight in the first episode!

Recap: Now then, in the previous episode, Jashin-chan summoned demons from another world into Jinbocho through a ritual.

Recap: She was planning to defeat Yurine with the demons' aid, but her scheme failed once again.

Recap: Not only was Jashin-chan brutally beaten, she ended up being utterly disgraced in front of the demons she summoned...

Recap: Now that she's been defeated once again, will Jashin-chan proceed with her original plan?

Recap: And will the otherworldly demons still be willing to help Jashin-chan after witnessing Yurine's might?

Recap: Stay tuned for more Jashin-Chan's Frontline!

Jashin-chan: Shut the hell up! Why the hell did you have to poke at a sore spot?!

Jashin-chan: JASHIN-CHAN DROPKICK!

Recap: Hehe, missed me! (Blows raspberry)

Jashin-chan: Just you wait!

Recap prances away with a jolly spring in its step...

...In Yurine's room.

The girls from Griffin explain the situation to Yurine.

Yurine: ...I see.

Yurine: So Jashin-chan made up a pack of lies to deceive people again.

Yurine sips her English tea as she shoots daggers at Jashin-chan, who has been strung up from the ceiling off to the side.

Yurine: Allow me to clear things up.

Yurine: First of all, I am not a witch or anything. I really am just an ordinary female undergrad.

Yurine: Secondly, Jashin-chan is not some ordinary girl who was transformed into a half-human, half-snake creature, but a high-ranking demon from Hell.

Yurine: It's true that I summoned her using a spell from a Grimoire because it seemed fun at the time.

Yurine: However, I have not been able to send her back to Hell because I haven't been able to find Volume II of the Grimoire, which contains the return spell.

Yurine: As for being able to return to Hell upon my death—

Yurine: That part is true. It is probably one of the very few truths Jashin-chan has told you.

Yurine: And finally, regarding how you were summoned here, I believe that was Jashin-chan's doing. She went and used an incantation from one of my books to do so.

Ouroboros: You stupid snake! You played us like a damn fiddle!

CZ75 stops Ouroboros before she can completely fly off the handle.

CZ75: So, Miss Yurine, how can we return to our original world?

Yurine: Just call me Yurine.

Yurine: Under normal circumstances, only the summoner can send summoned creatures back to their rightful place with the appropriate spell...

Yurine: In other words, only Jashin-chan can send you back.

A razor-like glare perforates Jashin-chan's trembling body.

Jashin-chan: (Whimpers)

Yurine: I questioned her just now, but it seems she has genuinely forgotten which book she used for the summoning incantation.

Yurine: And in a sneaky move, she even removed all traces of the magic circle.

Jashin-chan: It's your fault for quite literally wiping the floor with me!

CZ75: So if we narrowed down all the summoning conditions, would we be able to find the spell that Jashin-chan used?

Yurine looks pensively at the pile of books which towers above her.

Yurine: That would work, in theory. All we would need is time.

Ouroboros: ...

P90: If only there was some way we could help...

Yurine: I'll think of something. After all, this was all Jashin-chan's fault.

Yurine: Until then, I'll have to ask you to stay here and bear with it for a while.

Yurine: Jashin-chan, lay out bedspreads and some household items for our otherworldly friends.

Jashin-chan: Okay...

Jashin-chan reluctantly opens a cabinet and reaches inside—

Jashin-chan: Ahhhhhhh—

CZ75: What happened?!

Jashin-chan pulls out a trembling hand, revealing that a mousetrap has snapped shut on it.

Jashin-chan: Why did you put that in the cabinet?!

Yurine: The puddings I put in the fridge keep going missing. Since you said you didn't take them, I had guessed that the mice have been sneaking in to open up the fridge.

Yurine: That's why I put those mousetraps in the cabinet.

P90: Wait a minute, how does that even make sense?

NZ75: It's like how Miss Kalina looks for an excuse to argue with the parrots from the Rescue Station when she can't sell dorm furniture...

CZ75: Quiet, you. We shouldn't stick our noses in others' business.

Utterly unperturbed, Yurine continues to quietly sip her tea.

Jashin-chan: (Whimpers)

Jashin-chan sniffles as she extricates her hand from the trap before reaching up to the top shelf of the cabinet...

Jashin-chan: Huh?

Slam—

An iron maiden opens up and gives Jashin-chan a lethal embrace.

Jashin-chan: Uwaaaahhhh—!

Yurine: Jashin-chan, why can't you even do such a simple task? Let me handle it.

Yurine elegantly lowers her teacup and gathers up her skirts as she steps over Jashin-chan's body before expertly retrieving several futons from the cabinet.

At her feet, Jashin-chan struggles to reach a hand out to the Dolls from inside the iron maiden that is crushing her.

Jashin-chan: Help...me...

Jashin-chan: I'm your summoner... Save...me...

Yurine: Did you say something?

Yurine steps on Jashin-chan's hand, as though by accident.

Jashin-chan: Aaaaahhhhh!

The Dolls can no longer bear Jashin-chan's piteous screams and they finally work up the courage to stand up.

CZ75: Yurine, you don't need to worry about us. We'll earn a living and find a place of our own to live.

P90: Yeah, just help us find a way to get home, Yurine!

Jashin-chan: Hey, you're supposed to be saving me here!

Yurine: But...

NZ75: We're next-generation Tactical Dolls, so we should be able to find a way to survive no matter what kind of environment we end up in, right?

Ouroboros: I don't feel like working, so I'll stay.

CZ75: We're a team, don't go around asking for special treatment.

Jashin-chan: Isn't anybody going to care about me?!!!

The girls from another world avert their eyes from the cabinet stuffed full of torture devices and feign calm to mask their fear.

Yurine: I see. Then at the very least, allow me to introduce you to a few places which are hiring.

Opposite them, Jashin-chan sheds her mask of weakness and fragility. A wicked smile spreads over her face as she watches Yurine escort the Dolls into her bedroom.

Jashin-chan: Just you wait, Yurine, my plan has only just begun...

...Afternoon in Jinbocho, on a street with old bookstores.

Ouroboros is leaning against the convenience store entrance. She looks like she's taking cat naps, but she's actually secretly charging herself.

Customer: Hi, I'd like to pay for this.

Ouroboros: Scram, can't you see I'm busy?

Customer: Eh? What kind of attitude is that?

Ouroboros: Are you looking for a fight?!

Customer: Uwaaahhh—

The frightened customer drops his purchase and runs off.

Ouroboros snorts and continues charging up with her eyes closed.

Jashin-chan: Little Snake—

Jashin-chan: Yurine ordered me to deliver lunch to you guys...

Jashin-chan: You're the first one I'm coming for!

Ouroboros frowns, but she is unwilling to leave the power socket, so she simply suppresses her irritation and stands in place.

Jashin-chan: Why aren't you saying anything?

Jashin-chan: I've got important things to discuss with you, you know. ♪

Ouroboros: Out with it already.

Jashin-chan: There are too many eyes here, let's talk where we have more privacy.

Jashin-chan grabs Ouroboros' hand and leaps into the air with her...

Jashin-chan: Now this is a suitable place to talk.

Ouroboros: Hey! Where the hell are we?!

Ouroboros' eyes go wide. Just now, she had been leaning against the entrance of the convenience store that occasionally leaked cool air through the gap in the door, but now she is standing in the middle of an uninhabited desert.

Jashin-chan: Relax, it's just a simple teleport.

Jashin-chan: I wanted to thank you for not ousting me just now.

Ouroboros: Don't read too much into it, I simply dislike minding other people's business.

While Yurine was talking with her Griffin guests in the bedroom, Jashin-chan slithered into the living room, pulled back the rug, and started drawing a new magic circle on the floor.

Ouroboros: ...

Jashin-chan: Shhhh—

After swiftly drawing the circle, she covered it back up with the rug.

Before Yurine returned to the living room, Jashin-chan flashed Ouroboros a conspiratorial grin.

Jashin-chan: Hehe, that's right, that circle is the one that brought you here.

Jashin-chan: She really thought I forgot the spell, but I secretly tore out the page which contained it!

Jashin-chan: She'll never find it, not if she searches for a million years, bwahahahaha!

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: What? Did? You? Say?

Ouroboros grabs Jashin-chan by the hair.

Jashin-chan: Wait, wait! Don't grab my hair, or people will see my naked chest! Grab my arm instead!

Jashin-chan: Anyway, listen to me, Little Snake!

Ouroboros: Go on.

Jashin-chan: Actually, I just used a simple teleportation circle.

Jashin-chan: The conditions for activation are a bit of a pain, though. You need to draw the same circle in two places at once, then when four souls are standing on one of the circles, you recite the incantation, and they'll teleport to the other circle.

Ouroboros: In other words, you had no idea what you were doing either, and there just happened to be some piece of Griffin trash who also happened to have drawn a circle, which formed the other side of the connection...

Jashin-chan: Yes... So it's not entirely my fault...

Ouroboros: That means you already know how to send us back.

Ouroboros' fingers dig into Jashin-chan's soft arm.

Jashin-chan: Ow-ow-ow!

Jashin-chan: Hang on— Don't you want to hear about a more interesting plan?!

Ouroboros: I have no interest in your stupid plans! Send me back already!

Jashin-chan wriggles out of Ouroboros' grasp and clasps her hands.

Jashin-chan: Little Snake, I could sense a connection between us from the moment I first saw you!

Jashin-chan: We're both from the snake clans, we're always being bullied by others, and we both seek freedom.

Ouroboros: What are you on about...

Jashin-chan: Shouldn't we join forces to fight off our oppressors and build a new life for ourselves?!

Jashin-chan: If I can send Yurine to another world, I'll be free and I can do anything I want.

Jashin-chan: I'm very strong without Yurine to cramp my style. You get what I mean, don't you, Little Snake?

Ouroboros: Oh.

Jashin-chan: You sit there and wait! I'll call one of my lackeys up and prove it!

Jashin-chan slows her breathing and concentrates, then she makes a few bizarre gestures with her hands while muttering to herself.

Thin strands of purple smoke gather into a mass that grows brighter and brighter until it is dazzlingly bright...

The initially unimpressed Ouroboros, now intrigued, peers at the center of the glowing light with narrowed eyes.

Finally, amidst the purple light illuminating the scorching sand, a murky black shape slowly solidifies...

Kouji: Squeak?

Kouji: (Confused voice of a young ice demon - "Where am I?")

Ouroboros: ...

Jashin-chan: See that? That's an ice demon!

Jashin-chan: I can summon it anytime I want!

Ouroboros: It looks to be about as strong as a Dinergate. What's the point?

Jashin-chan: What's a Dinergate? Can it lower the temperature and make shaved ice?

Jashin-chan: Kouji, show her your powers!

Kouji: Squeak squeak squeak.

Kouji: (Tired voice of a young ice demon - "Alright, alright, I'll do it.")

Kouji raises her hand and points into the air. Instantly, the temperature drops and a heavy snowstorm descends from the sky.

Jashin-chan: How's that? Pretty impressive, huh?

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros looks up at the sky, and the cold snowflakes fall on her face...

Jormungandr: Over here, Little Snake.

17 days after the beginning of the survival battle, during a ceasefire. Total number of remaining AIs - 72.

An impatient Ouroboros accepts Jormungandr's request to open a shared voice channel, and she immediately hears a splattering sound in her ear.

Simulated water droplets fall from the sky in this virtual space, passing straight through their bodies and vanishing upon contact with the ground.

Ouroboros: What is this now?

Jormungandr: It's called rain in the real world.

Rumble—

A terrifying roar rings in her ears.

Jormungandr: It's fine, it's just thunder.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Lame.

Ouroboros turns away to review her combat logs, but now snowflakes are drifting from the sky.

Jormungandr: Little Snake, how does it feel to live?

Ouroboros: You want to die? I can help you with that right now, you know?

Jormungandr: Hahahaha, I'm just asking, what is it like to feel?

Jormungandr: I mean, we're just incorporeal, virtual AIs, we can't feel anything.

Jormungandr: But if we win this battle royale and earn bodies of our own, we might be able to feel the gust blowing into our faces, the snow falling on our shoulders, taste the rich flavor in rainwater, experience the keenest, sharpest pain...

Ouroboros turns around just as a snowflake passes through Jormungandr's raised palm.

It's the first snow that has ever fallen in this virtual realm.

Jashin-chan: Stop, Kouji.

The snow stops, and the heat immediately rolls back in.

Ouroboros wipes away the melted snow from her face and looks at Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: How about it, Little Snake?

Ouroboros: ...

Jashin-chan: If the plan works out, I'll even be able to found the Jashin-chan Empire!

Jashin-chan: You can do anything you want in my Empire!

Ouroboros: Ha, so I can have a Griffin base that I get to blow up every day?

Jashin-chan: Er... I'm not too sure what you mean by that, but if you can imagine it, then it shouldn't be a problem...

Ouroboros: So it's like that damn virtual realm then, using computational power to simulate things from your imagination?

Ouroboros: With your processing power...

Ouroboros looks up at the scorching sun. The rough grains of sand below her passionately embrace her feet.

Ouroboros: It just might work.

Ouroboros: Haha, looks like there are plenty of things to do before I return to the Griffin base...

Jashin-chan: What, you're still planning to go back? I thought you hated Griffin!

Ouroboros is taken aback for a second, but then she bursts into sardonic laughter.

Ouroboros: Hahahahahaha...

Ouroboros: You're right! I'm such a fool! Isn't this my chance to give those Griffin idiots the slip?

Ouroboros: I'm in. Now tell me about this crappy plan of yours.

In the sweltering desert, Jashin-chan looks at the smirk on Ouroboros' face and a chill runs down her spine.

...Elsewhere, Yurine has introduced NZ75 to a part-time job at the Dragon Bookstore.

NZ75: ...Hello. That will be a total of 750 yen. I've received 1000 yen and your change is 250 yen.

NZ75: Here's your change and your receipt, thank you and please come again—

NZ75 smoothly completes the tasks of bagging the books, giving out change and seeing the customer off. There is nothing to suggest that she is a rookie who only started work today.

Shopkeeper: Thank you for your hard work, NZ.

Shopkeeper: The previous employee has asked for a leave of absence to go look for a panda to break a curse. Thank goodness you're here, or we would've been completely overwhelmed today.

Shopkeeper: I have to thank Miss Yurine for introducing me to someone who's both cheap and capable. I need to make sure she finishes all the crap I couldn't palm off to others before I let her go.

NZ75: You're too kind, Boss. I'm just doing my job.

NZ75: No wonder you can't keep shop attendants, there's so much tiring work to do, not to mention the pile of extra requests on top of that.

NZ75: If you're so happy with my performance, then just can it and give me a raise!

Shopkeeper: Oh yes, please go sort out the old books in the storeroom and check them against the inventory list.

Shopkeeper: I'll man the counter out front.

Shopkeeper: You're never getting a raise, now hurry up and do all the dirty work that the previous attendants refused to touch!

NZ75: ...Alright.

NZ75: Not a single word about a raise and all you do is dump more and more annoying work on me. You really are more cunning than Miss Kalina.

NZ75: Still, I have no choice but to work here, so I just have to bear with it...

Inside the stifling storeroom, NZ75 whisks away a heavy layer of dust with a feather duster, revealing stacks of old books.

NZ75: ...

NZ75: This smell reminds me of the expired ration cans sitting forgotten inside Griffin's warehouse, the kind that even the dogs wouldn't touch.

NZ75 weighs up the book catalog in her hand and eyes the stacks and stacks of books before her.

NZ75: Let's see, without AI management to help, if I searched for all these books by hand and worked non-stop without stopping for sustenance...

NZ75: That would take about—

NZ75: 4321 hours.

NZ75: ...

NZ75: No, don't get worked up. Think of the money. This is all for the sake of making a living!

NZ75: If I work hard, I'll be able to earn enough to rent an apartment!

After taking a deep breath, NZ75 takes out her payslip and scrutinizes it in detail.

NZ75: ...

NZ75: ARE YOU FREAKIN' KIDDING ME!!!

NZ75 throws the catalog viciously onto the ground.

She numbly proceeds to dust the storeroom and starts cross-checking each and every book against her catalog.

The occasional startled rat scuttles about, but NZ75 is used to them by now.

NZ75: (Sighs) When will I be able to get back to the base again...?

NZ75: Miss Kalina's a real miser too, but at least we had free room and board...

NZ75: From what I remember, 64 mentioned she was going to make salty lapcheung this morning. I wonder if the others managed to stop her...

An old book falls to the ground, throwing up a puff of dust.

Its cover is tattered almost beyond recognition, but NZ75 can just about make out the title—

"Grimoire Volume II."

NZ75: Wait a minute, isn't this the book that Yurine was talking about?!

NZ75: How did I find it so easily? It makes no sense...

NZ75 anxiously opens the book at its table of contents, her fingertip grazing over all kinds of spells...

NZ75: A spell to turn someone into a pig... A spell to turn a heartbreaker short and fat...

NZ75: What's all this rubbish...

NZ75: Maybe I could try out the pig spell on CZ later?

NZ75: Ahem, back to business!

NZ75: Oh, there it is, the return spell!

(Rustle rustle rustle—)

NZ75 flips to the last page.

NZ75: "The return spell is..."

NZ75: "...Extremely complex, and would not fully fit in this volume. The rest will be included in Grimoire - Apocrypha."

NZ75: ...

NZ75: ARE YOU FREAKIN' KIDDING ME!!!

Once again, NZ75 throws a book onto the ground in anger.

After earning a short break, NZ75 steps out of the bookstore and into the busy streets.

There is a long queue forming in front of a shaved ice stand not far off.

Yusa: Shaved ice! Come get your shaved ice!

Yusa: It's the tastiest shaved ice in the mortal world, you know~ ♪

NZ75: I'll have one too, then...

Covered in dust, the mentally exhausted NZ75 walks toward the shaved ice stand.

Jashin-chan: Oh, if it isn't NZ.

Despite having been hanging around for who knows how long, Jashin-chan pretends that they happened to meet entirely by chance and warmly claps NZ75 on the shoulder.

NZ75: Oh, it's you two... What are you guys doing here?

Ouroboros: Oh, Jashin-chan thought you were working really hard and wanted to buy you some shaved ice.

Jashin-chan: Yup, that's right!

Jashin-chan: Wait, it's my treat?!

NZ75: Are you serious...?

Ouroboros: Three shaved ices please. Thank you.

Yusa: Sure, what flavors would you like?

NZ75: I want the "Mandragora Going AHHHHHHHHH In The Sky Today Is A Good Day To Soak That Annoying Jashin-chan For All She's Worth" shaved ice.

NZ75: Yeah, the most expensive one.

Yusa: Okay—

Jashin-chan: Wait a minute! Not that one! It's too expensive!

Jashin-chan: And how come my name's in there, anyway?!

Panicked, Jashin-chan begins counting the number of zeroes on the price list and runs out of fingers even after reusing them several times.

NZ75: Okay, then I'll have the Neo Cyclone Armstrong Jet—

Jashin-chan: NOT THAT ONE EITHER!!!

Jashin-chan rips up the menu.

Jashin-chan: The important thing when eating shaved ice is simple flavors, you don't need to add all kinds of fancy crap to it.

Jashin-chan: Three of your cheapest sets please!

NZ75: What a skinflint...

Yusa: Alright, this is your total~ ♪

Yusa shows the figures on the calculator to Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: You Shylock! This is daylight robbery!

Yusa: Oh my, I seem to recall my little sister telling me that some jerk summoned her to a desert and dumped her there.

Yusa: Now how shall I settle this debt? I guess I need to discuss things with Yurine after all...

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: How dare you try to rip me off in front of my lackeys! You really are a conniving wretch!

Jashin-chan: Humph, don't think I'm going to fork over the money just like that! I'm going to make you pay for trying to scam me!

Jashin-chan: Alright then, I'll pay you later.

Yusa: Okay~ ♪ Koji, go drink some more water.

Several minutes later, the girls receive their shaved ices.

NZ75: This...this is delicious!

Jashin-chan: I know, right? The stuff I recommend is good, isn't it?

NZ75: You're no good at anything else, but you have a good sense for delicious food.

NZ75 takes the thoroughly emptied shaved ice bowl from Ouroboros and walks off toward a rubbish bin nearby...

With NZ75 away, Jashin-chan blinks at Ouroboros, signaling that it's time to carry out the next stage of the plan.

Jashin-chan: ...And that's the plan.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Huh?

Jashin-chan: It's perfect and flawless, isn't it?

Ouroboros: I don't even need to run it through my neural cloud to know that your plan has more holes in it than a fishing net!

Jashin-chan: Fishing net?

Ouroboros: ...Never mind.

Ouroboros collects herself and starts thinking.

Ouroboros: The plan is to use the same magic circle to teleport Yurine to the Griffin base.

Ouroboros: According to what you said, we need four people in the circle when you activate it for the plan to succeed.

Ouroboros: One of those four people is going to be Yurine.

Jashin-chan: Yup, that's right!

Ouroboros: Then when we add those three Dolls, it'll be just right.

Jashin-chan: So you're saying...

Ouroboros: Since they want to go back to the Griffin base anyway, it's killing two birds with one stone.

Jashin-chan: You're so kind-hearted, Little Snake.

Ouroboros: Shut up.

Ouroboros: So when the time comes, I'll make small talk with them to lower their guard, then lure them away by telling them that Yurine has found a solution.

Ouroboros: We'll lead them to a deserted place and forcibly shut them down before hauling them back and putting them together with Yurine.

Jashin-chan: That's right! It's a perfect plan!

Ouroboros: No, there's a critical flaw in it.

Jashin-chan: What is that?

Ouroboros: I've been stripped of my full power. Right now, I can't hack into their neural clouds, nor am I capable of shutting them down by force.

Jashin-chan: If it's just shutting them down, wouldn't making them fall asleep do the trick?

Ouroboros: Do you have a way to do that?

Jashin-chan: Hehe, I happen to know a sleeping spell, which, according to legend, a witch once used on a princess...

Ouroboros: Wait a minute, does that even work on a machine?

Jashin-chan: Sure it does, I use it every time the TV at home pitches a fit and refuses to turn off.

Jashin-chan: All you need to do is gently place your hand behind the machine's ear and recite the incantation in your heart.

Jashin-chan: I'll imbue your finger with mana. Just use it before the mana dissipates.

Jashin-chan: Little Snake, don't you have something you want to say to her?

Jashin-chan: Hurry up and talk to her so we can get her in the bag!

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: NZ, your...

NZ75: What's wrong?

Ouroboros: Don't you...

Ouroboros: Don't you think you ought to change out the piston in your elbow?

Ouroboros: Dammit, what the hell do these garbage Dolls usually talk about?!

Jashin-chan: Hey!!! What are you guys talking about?!

NZ75: Huh?! Are you showing concern for me?

NZ75: W-what's going on, why is she being so nice all of a sudden...?

Jashin-chan: You're amazing, how the hell did you interpret that as concern?!

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: I wish I could just knock her out and drag her away...

NZ75: I was supposed to switch it out next week. Maybe it's wearing out even faster because I've been carrying heavy stuff all day.

NZ75: It seems I was wrong about her. I thought she was cold and unfeeling, but turns out she has a sensitive and caring side.

Ouroboros: Oh.

Ouroboros: How should I respond now?! Dammit, why is talking so damn tiresome?!

Jashin-chan: Why are you wasting so much time on that nonsense? Just get her already!

An awkward silence descends upon them.

NZ75: This is unbearable, say something already, NZ!

Ouroboros: Why is the internet here so damn slow here? Why isn't it giving me any results for "everyday conversation topics for garbage Dolls?!"

Jashin-chan: Actually, Yurine said that she'd made some progress toward sending you back.

Jashin-chan: Looks like I need to step in after all!

NZ75: Really?! Miss Yurine is amazing!

NZ75: Then we'd better go find CZ and P90 and head back to the apartment!

NZ75: Thank goodness, we can go back to the base at last!

NZ75: I wonder if I should invite Ouroboros to dinner or something when we get back...

Ouroboros: Good.

Ouroboros: The hell are you so anxious for? I don't need you sticking your nose into this, you stupid snake!

Jashin-chan: Let's go, then!

Jashin-chan: This is great, that approving look that Little Snake just gave me must mean she's secretly praising me!

Jashin-chan: Hehe, leave KO-ing NZ or whatnot to me too!

As the three of them proceed into an alley with various things on their minds...

Yusa: Excuse me!

Yusa blocks Jashin-chan's path.

Yusa: Are you trying to get out of paying your tab again?

Jashin-chan: What? Why would someone of MY esteemed stature still need to pay their bill?

Kouji: (Cold voice of a young ice demon - "You must also pay for what you did before!")

Jashin-chan: You little mole, getting cocky now, aren't you? You want to fight, is that it?!

Yusa: A mole... Did you just call her a mole again?

A blizzard gathers in Yusa's hand...

Jashin-chan: I'm not afraid of you! I'm not alone this time!

NZ75: Please go on, Miss Yusa. I support you in this.

Ouroboros: It's none of our business, let's go.

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: Ha! Ha! Ha!

Jashin-chan: I distracted you!

Jashin-chan: Ja—Shin—Chan—

Yusa: Humph, bring it on, I'm ready.

Jashin-chan: Drop—Kick—

Jashin-chan: Or not! Hahahaha!

Jashin-chan fakes a flying kick, but instead she rolls into the queue in front of the shaved ice stand.

Jashin-chan: I'm confiscating your shaved ice!

With incredible speed, Jashin-chan devours all the shaved ice in the hands of the customers near the shaved ice stand.

Customer A: ...

Customer B: What just happened?

Customer C: This must be the work of an enemy Stand! It has to be!

Kouji: (Angry voice of a young ice demon - "Jashin-chan!!!")

Jashin-chan: U can't touch this! Suckerssssss! (Blows raspberry)

Yusa: ...

Jashin-chan hides among the customers, occasionally poking her head out to taunt Yusa and Kouji with funny faces.

Frost gathers on Kouji's fingertips and she launches it at Jashin-chan.

Kouji: (Furious voice of a young ice demon - "Hiyaaa!")

As a massive frozen gale rolls in, Jashin-chan wraps her tail around a bunch of customers and uses them as a shield.

Waiting Customer A: ...

Waiting Customer B: I want a refund! I want a—

Waiting Customer C: Help me— Help—

The angry customers who were shouting just seconds ago are instantly transformed into ice statues, standing motionless under the scorching sun.

Kouji: (Panicked voice of a young ice demon - "Big Sis, what do we do?!")

Jashin-chan: That's enough! No need to buy any more time for me!

Jashin-chan: Now! Retreat!

Jashin-chan runs off first...

Ouroboros: ...

NZ75: Uh... Miss Yusa, we can explain!

Yusa: ...

Yusa: So you were all in it together.

Yusa: Unforgivable, absolutely unforgivable...

A violent blizzard gathers around Yusa...

As the temperature plunges, NZ75 can hear her parts creaking.

NZ75: Ouroboros... My joints... They seem to have frozen up...

Ouroboros: Is this any time for explanations?! Run already!

NZ75: We should split up! They're too close!

Ouroboros: No! We need to stay together—

NZ75: Don't worry about me! We'll meet again, I'm sure of it!

NZ75 waves bravely at Ouroboros before turning into an alley up ahead.

All Ouroboros can do is watch NZ75 vanish into the depths of the alley.

And behind them, Yusa is already in hot pursuit...
Part 2: Eating Shaved Ice 1

2

Fortune-Teller: ...There might be some problems between the two of you, but these problems will not drive you apart.

Customer: Please elaborate, great master.

Fortune-Teller: Take this bowl of shaved ice, for instance.

The fortune-teller hands a bowl of glittering, translucent shaved ice to the customer.

Fortune-Teller: Perhaps this shaved ice might melt because it is hot, but it does not vanish. It has merely changed its state, just like your love.

Fortune-Teller: Look at this bowl of shaved ice and try to experience it.

Jashin-chan: Slurp—

The customer looks at the empty bowl and nods doubtfully.

Customer: I see, great master. Love is like shaved ice, it vanishes for no reason at all.

Customer: So I should accept it with a calm and resigned heart, the way I am holding this empty bowl, and just move on to the next bowl of shaved ice.

Fortune-Teller: Huh?

Customer: Thank you, great master. You have granted me an epiphany.

The customer rises to his feet and leaves the fortune-telling stand.

Fortune-Teller: Wait a minute, what about my shaved ice?!

Jashin-chan pats her round belly in satisfaction and leaves the stand behind...
Part 3: Eating Shaved Ice 2

3

Bookstore Owner: Looks like another day without business.

Owner's Cat: Meow—

Bookstore Owner: Yes, I know you're hot too. Come have some shaved ice with me.

Jashin-chan: Meow—

Jashin-chan scoops up the cat, devours the shaved ice in one gulp, then puts the cat back in its original position.

Bookstore Owner: Oh? You've finished the shaved ice already?

Owner's Cat: Meowooo—

Bookstore Owner: Oh, I don't blame you. All that matters is that you like it.

Bookstore Owner: When things finally start looking up, I'll buy you shaved ice every day, okay?

Owner's Cat: Meow—

Jashin-chan puts down the watermelon she was about to swallow and slinks off, holding her swollen, round belly.
Part 4: Eating Shaved Ice 3

4

Passer-by 1: Ah, shaved ice is the most delicious thing in the world!

Passer-by 2: No way, it's clearly hot dogs in a bun!

Passer-by 1: Who would eat hot dogs in this kind of hot weather?!

Passer-by 2: You'll become an Inkling if you eat shaved ice every day!

Passer-by 1: Nonsense!

Passer-by 2: It's true!

Jashin-chan: Quit fighting, let me settle your argument for you.

Jashin-chan takes the shaved ice and gobbles it all up.

Passer-by 1: (Sobs) My shaved ice!

Passer-by 2: D-don't cry!

Passer-by 2: Here, have my hot dog...

Passer-by 1: Thank you... (sobs)

Passer-by 1: Hot dogs are delicious...

Passer-by 2: Hehe, I told you so.

After fleeing into the distance, Jashin-chan pats her belly in satisfaction.

Jashin-chan: Yep, today is a good day to be enforcing justice!

Jashin-chan: Wait a minute, aren't I a villain?
Part 5: Eating Shaved Ice 4

5

Grumpy Customer: Who the hell are you?! Give me back my shaved ice!

Jashin-chan: Humph, you should be honored to have your shaved ice eaten by the great Jashin-chan!

Grumpy Customer: Jashin-chan? You mean that scummy little leech who sucks at pachinko and doesn't do a single dropkick?!

Jashin-chan: Hey! What's wrong with demons being scummy?!

Jashin-chan: Also, I've been dropkicking all this time! Did you even see the first episode?!

Grumpy Customer: You really must suck at pachinko if you didn't even bother to deny it.

Jashin-chan: Unforgivable, unforgivable, unforgivable—!

Jashin-chan: Take this—

Grumpy Customer: Look, a UFO!

Jashin-chan: Eh?! Where?

As a Doll comes rushing over, the customer uses this opportunity to flee.
Part 6: Eating Shaved Ice 5

6

Customer: S-stay away from me!!!

Jashin-chan: Hehe.

Jashin-chan: Slurp—

Customer: Ahhhhh! My shaved ice!

Yet another customer holding a bowl of shaved ice has fallen victim to her...

Jashin-chan: Burp.

Jashin-chan pats her bloated belly in satisfaction and slithers past the customer who slumped on the ground, crying.

Yusa and Kouji: There you are, Jashin-chan—

Jashin-chan: Crap, I've been spotted!

Jashin-chan: You'll never catch me!
Part 7: Idk

7

Jashin-chan: No good... I can't take it anymore...

Jashin-chan: I don't want to...

Jashin-chan: Keep doing this...

Jashin-chan sags against a corner and pants weakly.

Ouroboros: Then just stop eating already!!!

Jashin-chan: One more... This is really the last one...

Jashin-chan: I can't eat anymore...

Jashin-chan deftly gulps down the last bit of shaved ice she is holding...

Ouroboros: Is your stomach connected to the abyss or something?!

???: ...Hehe, do you want to see what the abyss looks like?

A bone-chilling voice comes from behind them.

Yusa and Kouji: Oh, I can send you there right away, hehehe...

Jashin-chan leaps up in the blink of an eye and flees with incredible speed...
Part 8: Idk 2

    8chevron_right

Jashin-chan: No good... I can't take it anymore...

Jashin-chan: I don't want to...

Jashin-chan: Keep doing this...

Jashin-chan sags against a corner and pants weakly.

Ouroboros: Then just stop eating already!!!

Jashin-chan: Two more left... Once I'm done with them...

Jashin-chan: I won't eat anymore...

A ghostly white figure flits past the alleyway.

Yusa and Kouji: Ah, there you are...

Ouroboros: Are you done yet, Jashin-chan?!

Jashin-chan remains silent.

Ouroboros grabs Jashin-chan by the hair, trying to drag her along as she inches backward.

Ouroboros: Get up, trash!

Snap—

The head of Jashin-chan's life-size dummy becomes detached from the body.

Meanwhile, the real Jashin-chan is long gone.

Ouroboros: ...

Yusa and Kouji: Come, it's time to settle the score...

The murderous glint in Yusa's eyes lights up the dark alley...

Recap: Hello, everyone! I'm your old friend Tangan-chan!

Jashin-chan: You're already calling yourself "an old friend" after showing up just three times? Have you no shame at all?!

Recap: In the previous episode, our otherworldly friends decided to survive on their own in Jinbocho as they waited for Yurine to find a solution!

Recap: Thanks to Yurine's referral, NZ75 found a job at the Dragon Bookstore, while Ouroboros got one at a convenience store—

Recap: Oh, by the way, they've been fired for skipping out on work and scaring off customers respectively.

Recap: But while NZ75 was working at the bookstore, she found something incredible which seemed to contain something else even more incredible...

Jashin-chan: What the hell are you even talking about?!

Recap: How am I supposed to read a script that's been censored to Hell and back?!

Recap: Anyway, after that, Jashin-chan wrecked Yusa and Kouji's booming shaved ice business and had to run for her life. All in all, it was an ordinary day.

Jashin-chan: Don't just gloss over my suffering like it was nothing!

Recap: Huh? Is that all for my lines? My part in this episode is way too small...

Recap: Forget it, I'll just go back and watch the "Girls' Frontline" chibi anime series, which has about as much airtime as I do. See you next episode, everyone!

Jashin-chan: Don't go plugging something unrelated so casually either!!!

...In Hell.

Medusa is currently enjoying a rare peaceful picnic with her family.

Just then, a shrill and urgent ringtone comes blasting from her phone.

Medusa: Hm? Is it Jashin-chan?

Medusa excuses herself and picks up the call.

Medusa: Hello, is it you, Jashin-chan?

Jashin-chan: (Sobs)

Jashin-chan: Medusa, save me!

Medusa: What happened, Jashin-chan?!

Jashin-chan: Someone's...trying to kill me...

Jashin-chan: Come quick...

Medusa: Where are you now?

Jashin-chan: Jinbocho... At that gachapon place...

Jashin-chan mumbles weakly through the phone.

Medusa: Jashin-chan!!!

Medusa: You need to hang in there, I'll come save you right away!

Jashin-chan: Oh right, remember—

Medusa hurriedly hangs up and packs her stuff, ready to set out.

The phone rings again.

Medusa: Hello?

Jashin-chan: Remember...to bring money...

Medusa: Yes, I know!

Jashin-chan: Bring more...

Medusa: Yup yup!

Medusa grabs her bag and runs off, ignoring her family even as they try to talk her out of it...

...At the Takaoyama Summit Cable Car Station.

Medusa grabs the nearest staffer while panting heavily.

Medusa: Please give me a ticket on the cable car going down the mountain! I have some urgent business!

...At the foot of Takaoyama.

Medusa: This is too slow, I need to run faster!

Medusa: Jashin-chan is waiting for me...

...At Takaoyamaguchi Train Station.

Medusa: Please give me a ticket to Takaoyama on the Keio-Takao Line!!!

Medusa: Please! Please hurry!

...At Takaoyama Station.

After jumping off the train, Medusa immediately hustles over to the next leg of her journey...

Medusa: Please give me a ticket to Hachiouji Station on the JR Chuo Line!

Medusa: My friend's in trouble so please hurry!

...At Hachioji Station,

After getting her ticket, Medusa immediately hops on an express train on the JR Chuo Line...

...Shinjuku.

Medusa squeezes through the bustling crowds and makes a beeline for her destination.

Neither the pretty clothes on the mannequins at the shop windows nor the milky aroma wafting from the newly-opened bakery can make Medusa stop...

...Jinbocho.

Medusa disembarks from the Shinjuku line and dashes through the streets of Jinbocho...

Medusa: Wait for me, Jashin-chan...

Medusa: I'm coming! No matter what danger you're in, I'll face it with you!

...At the same time, inside the gachapon store.

Jashin-chan hangs up and walks up to CZ75 looking very pleased with herself.

Jashin-chan: Think about it, CZ. You'll have a much brighter future working with me than cosplaying at some gachapon store.

CZ75: LOUDER! I CAN'T HEAR YOU!

CZ75: The speakers here are too loud, so I've turned down the sensitivity of my hearing modules.

Jashin-chan: Why are you shouting at me?! I said—

Jashin-chan: Ditch—this—cosplay—nonsense! Come—hang—with—me!

CZ75: This is a promotional costume for a new line of gachapon machines, thank you very much.

CZ75: Also, please settle the bill for all the gacha machines you've been using.

Jashin-chan: One of my lackeys is on the way, no need to rush.

Jashin-chan: Also, I suspect there's a problem with your machines. There isn't a single Tsuchinoko figure in them!

CZ75: What Tsuchinoko? Are you talking about the limited-edition Tsuchinoko from this series?

CZ75: I've helped a bunch of kids get them already.

Jashin-chan: I want one too! Help me get one!

CZ75: Then pay up first, please.

Jashin-chan: Why did your hearing have to come back at a time like this?! Just you wait!

Ouroboros: ...

CZ75: By the way, you guys just went to see NZ, didn't you? How is she?

Jashin-chan: She's, uh, she's fine...

Jashin-chan: Right, Little Snake?

Ouroboros: She seemed pretty lively.

Ouroboros: She screeched loudly enough while we were being chased, though I have no idea where she ended up.

Shopkeeper: What are you doing, CZ? We have customers over here.

CZ75: Sorry, I'll be right over.

CZ75: You go have fun, I need to get back to work.

CZ75 hurries off and returns to her post.

Jashin-chan: Humph, CZ is really popular! She's surrounded by all those kids!

Ouroboros: Don't forget our plan.

Jashin-chan: I know, I know!

Ouroboros: We've already lost NZ75, so we're one target down.

Ouroboros: We can't afford to mess up with either CZ75 or P90. Then we'll need to find another target too...

Jashin-chan: How about Medusa, then?

Ouroboros: Medusa?

Jashin-chan: She's the lackey who'll be coming by afterwards to give me money. She's very obedient.

Jashin-chan: You get it, right? After all, she's got a boss like me...

Ouroboros: Whatever, as long as we make up the numbers.

Bang— The door suddenly flies open and someone comes rushing in, their hands on their kneecaps as they pant heavily.

Medusa: Ja...Jashin-chan...

Medusa: I... I'm here!

Jashin-chan: Oh, it's Medusa.

Jashin-chan: What took you so long?

Medusa: I'm sorry, I tripped and fell on my way down the mountain...

Medusa: Jashin-chan, who are these people?

Jashin-chan: They're my new minions, demons from another world!

Jashin-chan: CZ, come over here for a bit!

CZ75: What is it now...?

Medusa: Nice to meet you, I'm Medusa!

CZ75: Hello, I'm CZ75.

Jashin-chan: And she's from the long-vanished Ouroboros Tribe—

Jashin-chan: Little Snake!

Ouroboros: ...

Medusa: What a cute name!

Jashin-chan: You can take off your bag. They're all demons I summoned from another world, so they won't get petrified.

Medusa: ...Really?

CZ75: Petrified? Is that your special ability, Miss Medusa?

Medusa: Yes, humans who look into my eyes without protection turn to stone...

Medusa: The effect usually lasts for a few hours.

Jashin-chan: Medusa, did you bring it?

Medusa: Yup yup, this is my credit card, and here's some cash...

Jashin-chan: Well done, ATM. Now I can foot the bill for those gachapons.

CZ75: ...ATM? How can you just call her an ATM?

Medusa: Don't get the wrong idea! ATM doesn't mean what you think it does...

Medusa: It stands for "A Treasure, Medusa!"

Jashin-chan: Yup, that's right!

Ouroboros: I can't believe someone even dumber than that stupid snake actually exists.

CZ75: ...

Medusa: Jashin-chan, let's go show your otherworldly friends around Jinbocho.

CZ75: Sure.

Jashin-chan: Hell no.

Ouroboros: What are you up to, you stupid snake?

Ouroboros: Don't forget, we need Medusa to make up for the person we're missing.

Jashin-chan: Humph.

Jashin-chan: Relax, Medusa will listen to anything I say. All I have to do is give the word and she'll show up.

Ouroboros: ...

Medusa: ...But why?

Jashin-chan: We still have very important things to do.

Medusa: I can help too!

Jashin-chan: Hah, no need for that, Medusa.

Jashin-chan: I don't need you anymore.

Jashin-chan: I've got lackeys from another world, and they can give me way more than you can!

Jashin-chan: Who know, I'll be able to conquer Jinbocho after this, and then take over the world—

Huge droplets of Medusa's tears begin falling to the ground.

Medusa: Jashin-chan, what are you saying...

CZ75: Jashin-chan! Apologize now! You made Miss Medusa cry...

Jashin-chan: Don't wanna!

Medusa: I'll be off then...

Medusa lowers her head and prepares to go, but then Jashin-chan suddenly blocks her path.

Jashin-chan: Hold it, Medusa.

Medusa: Jashin-chan...!

Jashin-chan: What's the PIN for your credit card?

Medusa: ...

Medusa: 102820.

Jashin-chan: Okay, you can go now.

Medusa: Jashin-chan you big dummy!!!

Slam— Medusa runs out of the gachapon store in tears.

CZ75: Hey! That's way over the line, don't you think?

CZ75: How can you treat your friend like that?

Jashin-chan: Friend? A high-class demon like me doesn't need friends.

Jashin-chan: She's simply a minion who comes when I beckon and leaves when I wave.

Jashin-chan: Watch this, Medusa, come here!

...

Jashin-chan: Ahem. Medusa, I'm talking to you!

...

CZ75: ...

Jashin-chan: Medusa!!!

Jashin-chan's panicked shout echoes through the silent gachapon store.

Jashin-chan: Er... I'll go take a look...

Jashin-chan: She must have gotten into an accident, otherwise she'd definitely have answered me by now!

Jashin-chan: Medusa!!!

Jashin-chan runs out of the gachapon store...

Ouroboros: ...

CZ75: ...

CZ75: Speaking of which, what was Jashin-chan going to tell me just now?

Ouroboros: She was going to say that Yurine found a way to send us home.

CZ75: What?! That's amazing! As expected of Miss Yurine!

CZ75: This is great, we can all go home together.

Ouroboros: Yep.

CZ75: Let's go find NZ75 and P90, then.

Ouroboros: Sure. But before that, don't you want to readjust your hearing module settings?

Ouroboros: You're shouting at the top of your lungs.

CZ75: I have, did it not work...? I'm sorry, I'll do a manual reset.

Ouroboros: Let me handle it.

CZ75: Er... Alright, thanks.

Ouroboros moves up to CZ75's ear and gently feels around for the hearing modules' manual reset switch.

CZ75: I really didn't expect this...

Ouroboros: Expect what?

CZ75: We used to be mortal enemies, but now we're helping each other like friends.

CZ75: Working together to survive in another world, looking for the way home...

Ouroboros: Heh, "friends".

CZ75: What's the matter?

A burst of ear-piercing static fills her head.

CZ75: What's going on? I feel so dizzy...

CZ75: What did you do to me?!

The world before CZ75 becomes obscured by layer upon layer of black silk...

Just before she plunges into complete darkness, she hears Ouroboros quietly whisper into her ear—

Ouroboros: A demon like me doesn't need friends.

...

...Three days before the start of the survival battle, in the virtual data domain.

The shrill laughter constantly pursues her. No matter how hard she runs, it keeps echoing in her mind.

Ouroboros ducks into a safe zone, skilfully concealing herself among the countless AI storage tanks, then she curls up as much as she can to minimize her chances of being found.

Through the rows of tanks, some transparent, some opaque, she vigilantly watches the movements of her assaulters.

AI 01: We've lost her.

AI 02: Well, she's pretty much a one-trick pony, and when she's out of moves, she runs and hides in here.

AI 01: That's alright. We'll find her and drag her out of her hidey-hole.

AI 02: But isn't that against the rules? It'll make Master mad...

AI 01: The master won't mind if it's a piece of trash with no combat capabilities.

The two of them split up to look for Ouroboros. Occasionally, they knock on the glass tanks to taunt their prey.

Ouroboros can tell from the sound that they're getting closer and closer.

AI 01: Don't be scared, the battle hasn't started yet. You won't be ruled out even if you get smashed to bits.

AI 02: There won't be any safe zones for you once the battle begins in earnest!

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: I thought we were friends...

Ouroboros' feeble whisper evokes derisive laughter from her opponents.

AI 01: She's pretty damn naive, isn't she?

AI 02: Do you even understand the situation you're in? Only one of us is going to survive this battle.

Though she has no physical form, Ouroboros can hear something break inside her.

Ouroboros: So it was all a lie...

AI 02: Yup. How else would we learn your weaknesses if we didn't deceive you?

AI 01: Hahaha, but seriously, this is the first time I've ever seen a brainlet who took the bait right away.

AI 01: "Hey, look, this website says our AIs are 99.9% compatible!"

AI 01: "Then let's be friends, 'kay~ We'll get out of this place together!"

AI 02: I can't believe she actually fell for such nonsense ahahahaha—

The speed of the breaking grows faster...

Ouroboros: Unforgivable...

Ouroboros: Unforgivable...

Ouroboros: Unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable...

Ouroboros: Unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable unforgivable...!

Execute command, delete folder "Friends" and all memory data within...

Large shift in personality parameters detected. Recalibrating...

AI 01: Ha, found you.

The two AIs smirk as they approach Ouroboros. Their long, looming shadows fall over Ouroboros' legs, like tentacles stretching out from a swamp.

Ouroboros: ...

Adjustment complete. Inoperative settings deleted.

Ouroboros: You have a point.

AI 01: What?

Ouroboros: Demons like us don't need friends.

Ouroboros gets back on her feet. It feels more than just a simple motion - it's like she has broken free of her shackles.

It's as though something inside her has been shattered beyond repair, but at the same time, she feels like she has been reborn.
Part 2: Searching the 1st tent

2

Ouroboros: Is this where you are, stupid snake?!

Crazed Fan: Are you looking for Pekola too?

Ouroboros: Who the hell is Pekola? Never heard of them.

Crazed Fan: I'm not buying it. You must be here looking for Lady Noel's bodyguard Pekola, so you can get her to reveal Lady Noel's whereabouts, right?

Ouroboros: No.

Crazed Fan: I must confess my love to Lady Noel in person...

Crazed Fan: I won't let any of you beat me to it!

Ouroboros: Sure, whatever.

Ouroboros: I'll go look in the next tent.
Part 3: Searching the 2nd tent

3

Ouroboros: Hey, did you see a stupid snake demon called Jashin-chan passing by? She's blonde and has a green tail.

Homeless Man: Pekola is not here.

Ouroboros: Did you hear me, old man? Who the hell is Pekola? I'm looking for Jashin-chan!

Homeless Man: I told you, Pekola doesn't live here!

Ouroboros: To hell with Pekola! I'm asking about Jashin-chan!

Homeless Man: (Sighs) Kids these days just won't listen. Like I was saying—

Ouroboros: Dammit, next!
Part 4: Searching the 3rd tent

4

Ouroboros: Did a stupid blonde snake with a green tail pass by here?

Kid: I'm not going home with you no matter what you say!

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Is EVERYONE here deaf or something?

Kid: That's right, not even if my mom buys me that limited edition Pigeon Baron merch!

Kid: That is, unless, you give me 5, no, 10 Noel handshake tickets!

Ouroboros: You can shove those tickets up your—

Ouroboros: Arghhh, forget it, next!
Part 5: Afterwards

    5chevron_right

Jashin-chan: Sshhhh— Over here!

Jashin-chan pokes her head out of a nearby tent.

Jashin-chan: Over here, Minos won't knock over Pekola's tent.

Before she can get back inside the tent, she hears a loud roar from behind her.

Minos: (Pants heavily)

Minos: JASHIN-CHAN!!!

Minos breaks into a full-tilt sprint towards Jashin-chan—

Jashin-chan: W-wait a minute! This is Pekola's tent!

Minos: Mi! No! Taur! Straight-Punch!

BOOM—

Recap: Your old friend Tangan-chan is back!

Recap: In the previous episode, after losing their first target NZ75, Jashin-chan and Ouroboros headed straight to the gachapon store to reel in their second target, CZ75.

Recap: In order to clear her debt and to show her wealth off to CZ75, Jashin-chan called Medusa over to give her money.

Recap: At the same time, Medusa became a substitute for NZ75 in the plan.

Recap: However, in an unexpected turn of events, Jashin-chan's efforts to win over her friends from the otherworld ended up making Medusa storm off in anger.

Recap: With Jashin-chan in hot pursuit of Medusa, CZ75 is left alone with Ouroboros. Ouroboros lulled CZ75 into a false sense of security, and she used the opportunity to subdue CZ75—

Recap: With one part of the plan finally successful, Jashin-chan and Ouroboros stashed CZ75 safely away before making their way toward P90...

Recap: At this point I would like to interject with my personal thoughts - Jashin-chan has really crossed the line here! She's serpentine scum!

Jashin-chan: And what's wrong with demons being scummy, may I ask?!

Recap: Meanwhile, NZ75, who ended up getting lost because Yusa and Kouji were out for her blood, is now at sixes and sevens. She has come into possession of something incredible that contains a secret that's equally incredible.

Recap: Where should she go? What should she do? And what choices will she make in the end?

Jashin-chan: Humph, what's there to choose? She'll become part of the Jashin-chan Empire in the end anyway!

Recap: Now then, please stay tuned for what comes next!

...Morning on the streets of Jinbocho.

A spirited girl with bovine horns on her head has already delivered milk to every household on her route.

Minos: Great! Today's yet another lively day!

Minos: I wonder if I broke a record with my run today?

The girl carefully studies her stopwatch as the sweat drips off her chin.

Minos: Sweet! I'm two seconds faster than yesterday!

Minos: As a reward, I'll sprint all the way home and take a bath!

By then, the girl has already vanished, leaving only her voice to echo through the streets.

The ringing of the telephone breaks the silence in Minos' home.

Riiiing—

Minos: Hi, Minos here!

Jashin-chan: Minos, you free?

Minos: Sure am, I just finished working my shift, I'm about to head out for a jog.

Jashin-chan: Can you wait for me at Yurine's house? I have something to tell you.

Minos: Why don't I just come over and look for you right now?

Jashin-chan: I...I'm busy with something here at the moment.

Minos: Aw, don't worry about it, I'll come by and help you out!

Minos hangs up, ignoring Jashin-chan's vehement protests over the phone as she rushes out her front door.

...At the phone booth in front of the mall.

Jashin-chan puts the phone down and glances over to Ouroboros with a grim look on her face.

Ouroboros: Save it. I can tell from your voice alone that something went wrong.

Jashin-chan: It's not like it's my fault...

Ouroboros: So, target no. 3 Minos is coming straight for us instead of going to Yurine's apartment?

Jashin-chan: Yes...

Ouroboros: You lost Medusa, so you can't mess up with Minos.

Ouroboros: A lot of things could go wrong if Minos runs into P90 and we have to make a move on two targets at once.

Ouroboros: We'll think of a way to split up afterwards. We'll start by taking care of P90, then we'll deal with Minos later.

Jashin-chan: Okay!

Ouroboros frowns as she goes through the plan in her head. There are too many flaws and uncertainties.

She does her best to think of more possibilities so as to better deal with unexpected developments.

Jashin-chan: Say, Little Snake. What are you going to do once the plan succeeds?

Ouroboros: Are you already thinking about how you'll crush the enemy after you've only just figured out how to load a handgun?

Jashin-chan: I'm just curious about why you're working so hard for this, Little Snake.

Ouroboros: ...

Jashin-chan: It's okay if you don't want to talk about it, I was just wondering.

Ouroboros: There's someone I want to meet again. I need to pay her what I owe.

Jashin-chan: Surely there's no need for that, right?!

Jashin-chan: Why do you have to pay back money you scammed out of someone else with your own skills?

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Enough nonsense. Let's go look for P90.

...At the entrance of the mall.

P90 is pushing products on passers-by with great enthusiasm.

P90: Hotpot! Get your self-heating hotpot!

P90: It's lovely stuff! Premium beef tallow as a soup base, vacuum-packed vegetables, and the meat is delicious!

P90: Give it a try, don't miss out!

P90: Come on, Miss! Have a taste!

Passer-By: I don't eat hotpot, but do you have any woks in stock? I'm in a hurry to get home and cook.

P90: Sure we do, I'll bag it for you. Do you need a receipt?

Passer-By: Yes, please.

P90: Thanks for shopping with us, please come again!

P90: Hotpot, woks and fruit, we have it all!

P90: Don't let it go by when you walk by!

Ouroboros: P90, a moment please.

P90: Ouroboros! How's it going for you?

Jashin-chan: P90, we came to see you.

P90: Oh, it's you.

Jashin-chan: Yup, it's me.

Jashin-chan: Wait a minute, why are you so cold to me?

Minos: Hi, my name's Minos!

Minos: Great to meet you!

Minos scoops P90 into a warm embrace.

P90: Hi, you have a cow's tail...

Minos: Hahaha, that's a racial trait of us Minotaurs. The better you eat, the glossier the fur on the tail, and the more other Minotaurs respect you.

Minos: It'd be embarrassing to have a bald patch on your tail...

P90: I didn't know your people were so particular about tails...

As P90 and Minos eagerly strike up a conversation, Ouroboros turns to Jashin-chan and gives her a "do it" look.

Jashin-chan: Ahem, er... P90, actually, Yurine told us to come by and tell you that she's found a way to transport you back to your world.

Jashin-chan: We'll send you home once I get the ingredients I need from the supermarket.

P90: Really?! Then I need to go tell—

Jashin-chan: Enough babble, let's go, let's go!

Jashin-chan grabs the jabbering P90 and ushers everyone into the mall...

Instead of following the signs that points to the supermarket, Jashin-chan leads everyone round and round until they arrive at a dimly-lit warehouse.

P90: You've been making us walk in circles. What kind of supermarket is this?

P90: There's dust everywhere and the instructions on the signs are just confusing...

Jashin-chan: Shows what you know!

Jashin-chan hands half of a hastily-scrawled shopping list to Minos.

Jashin-chan: This place specializes in magical ingredients. Ordinary Muggles don't even realize this place exists.

Jashin-chan: Rejoice, mortals. If you hadn't been following the great Jashin-chan, you'd never have had the chance to set eyes on such wonders!

Minos: But all you have to do is turn—

Jashin-chan: Ahem! Let's split up. Little Snake, P90 and I will get the stuff on this list.

Jashin-chan: Minos, you get the stuff on yours.

Ouroboros is a little confused, but she soon concludes that Jashin-chan's change of plan is intended to get rid of P90 first before tackling Minos.

Although Jashin-chan didn't run the decision past her first, Ouroboros still gives her a nod.

On her end, Jashin-chan takes secret delight in Ouroboros' reaction.

She's handed Minos the longer list simply out of laziness, but Little Snake approves!

Just as her rapture reaches its peak, something happens—

Minos: Jashin-chan, what's the matter with you? They're guests! How can you bother guests with stuff like this?!

Jashin-chan: What guests? They're my lackeys!

P90: Uh...

Ouroboros: ...

Minos: It's alright, don't you worry about this. Jashin-chan and I will do the shopping!

Jashin-chan: Wait a minute—

Minos smiles confidently and drags Jashin-chan off into the depths of the dark storeroom...

Once again, things are working out well for Ouroboros.

Just as Ouroboros wanted, she is now alone with P90. If Ouroboros can get NZ's location from P90, everything will still be salvageable.

Ouroboros begins concocting a plan to get through to her...

Meanwhile, P90 sits down on a nearby crate and swings her legs in the air, humming a cheerful tune.

P90: I'm so happy today!

Ouroboros: Why are you so happy? Because you were teleported to some godforsaken place?

P90: No, I found a job I liked!

P90: If I end up losing my job at Griffin, I know where I can go and what I can do.

Ouroboros: You mean being a salesgirl?

P90: Yup! I get to meet all kinds of nice customers and they're all different! I can imitate them all day long and it'll never get old!

P90: This is great! Can you believe there's actually a place in the world where you can be happy AND make money?!

Ouroboros: ...

Architect: I surrendered to Griffin not because I like them, but because I like myself.

Architect: What about you, Ouroboros? Do you like yourself?

Ouroboros: ...What are you talking about?

Ouroboros: Why does that...matter?

Architect: You just asked me what's wrong with my neural cloud.

Architect: Well, here's the problem. I only want to do what I want.

Ouroboros: You...

P90: What's the matter?

Ouroboros: Do you like yourself?

P90: Of course I do. Who wouldn't like themselves?

Ouroboros: Then why do you imitate other people?

P90: Because it's fun. Plus, you get to understand their point of view and thought processes by copying them.

P90: Simply put, it's my hobby.

Ouroboros: ...

P90 suddenly jumps up and imitates the way Ouroboros is leaning against a wall with a cold look on her face.

P90: Humph, what useless thoughts are you wasting your processor cycles on?

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Nothing.

P90: Oh, did I do a good impression of you?

P90: The girls are always scared witless when I hide in a corners and copy the way you speak!

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros says nothing more, but a thought that she's never dared to contemplate before suddenly occurs to her...

"Perhaps life at Griffin won't actually be so bad."

But just as the notion flares into life, she hurriedly tries to snuff out the faint spark.

She wants to extinguish it immediately, and yet, she can't bear to lose its warmth. She wants to move away from the flame, but she fears that the light will burn away the darkness in her heart.

Wondering if she has said something wrong, P90 doesn't dare say another word, and so a long silence passes between the two Dolls.

P90 will never know that this might be the closest Ouroboros has ever come to honestly speaking her mind.

At the same time, on the other side.

Minos: ...Come to think of it, why did we have to split up into two groups?

Minos: You could have just waited outside and I could have gone in to do the shopping.

Jashin-chan: That's because...

Jashin-chan: That's because I was originally looking for a way to separate you from the rest...

Jashin-chan: Eh, forget it, I'll just come up with some random excuse.

Jashin-chan: Actually, I want to give them a surprise.

Minos: You're actually capable of such thoughtfulness? I'm touched...

Jashin-chan: In any case, don't tell them for now, but Yurine and I are planning to treat them to a lavish feast.

Minos: That's great! What about yakiniku?

Jashin-chan: Yakiniku? Sure, Yurine has already prepared the meat.

Jashin-chan: Just help me get these ingredients back home for now. We still have other things to do.

Minos: Sure. Is there anything else you need help with?

Jashin-chan: Nah, I'll handle the rest myself.

Minos: ...

After walking past various shelves, Minos suddenly comes to a halt.

Jashin-chan: W-what's wrong?

Minos: I'm so happy, Jashin-chan!

Jashin-chan: What are you happy about?

Minos: You're actually thinking about other people! And they're new friends you just met today!

Minos: I wouldn't have dared imagine such a thing was possible in the past!

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: I'll take that as a compliment.

Minos: I'm sure Medusa would be happy to hear that too.

Jashin-chan: ...

Medusa: Jashin-chan you big dummy!!!

Medusa's voice suddenly echoes in her ears.

Jashin-chan: Alright, that's it! We're done shopping, let's go look for Little Snake and P90.

After a long silence, Ouroboros' face reverts to its characteristic coldness.

Ouroboros: Didn't you say you contacted NZ earlier? Did she tell you where she was?

P90: Nope, I forgot to ask.

P90: Don't you have all our numbers saved in your cell phone?

Ouroboros: I...thought it'd be awkward to ask.

P90: Why would it be? We're all colleagues, aren't we?

P90 flips open her phone a bit clumsily and dials NZ's number.

P90: Hey, NZ, how's your defrosting going?

NZ75: It's finished...

NZ75: Good lord, I've never been frozen solid like that before...

P90: Then where are you now? Are you back at our camp?

NZ75: Yeah, I just went to look for CZ, but I don't know where she went...

Ouroboros: Your camp? You have a camp?

P90: Huh? Didn't I tell you? We've put up a tent at the entrance to the park—

NZ75: P90, is Ouroboros with you?

P90: Yeah, she told us Yurine found a way to send us back!

NZ75: Wait, P90!

Ouroboros snatches the phone from her.

Ouroboros: I'll take over. P90 and I will be coming over to find you in a bit.

NZ75: Wait a minute! Hand the phone back to P90, I have something to tell her!

Ouroboros: You can tell her in person when we meet later.

NZ75: I already called Yurine, she said she hasn't found a solution yet and she doesn't know why you and Jashin-chan are lying.

NZ75: Ouroboros, what are you and Jashin-chan up to?

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: NZ, I know where CZ went.

NZ75: You...

Ouroboros: If you want to see CZ and P90, wait for us at your camp.

Ouroboros hangs up and P90 reaches out to take her phone.

P90: What was NZ talking about? I think I heard her shouting my name...

Ouroboros: She was probably just excited.

P90: I'm excited too! We can go back to Griffin together!

P90: Now we'll be able to take a new group—

While P90 has her back to her, Ouroboros jabs P90 behind the ear with a finger.

P90: What's that...? It's so noisy...

Ouroboros: Shh— Don't be scared.

P90: Ouro...boros...

As the world spins into darkness, P90 falls into slumber.

Her cell phone clatters onto the ground, and the cracked screen shows a picture of them together on the streets of Jinbocho.

Minos: You... What did you do?

Jashin-chan: Little Snake, I-I couldn't stop...

Ouroboros: ...

Minos: Aren't you supposed to be friends? Why did you do this to your friend?!

Ouroboros: Jashin-chan and I planned this together. If you have questions, ask her.

That stops Minos, who is marching forward angrily, right in her tracks.

Jashin-chan: Huh?

Jashin-chan: Was that part of the plan?

Ouroboros: Maybe you two need some time alone.

Ouroboros: Think of a way to get rid of Minos. We don't need her now.

Minos: Wait! I'm not done talking with you yet!

Jashin-chan: Minos!

Minos completely ignores Jashin-chan and starts charging toward Ouroboros again.

Jashin-chan exerts all her might and pulls on Minos' tail.

Jashin-chan: I can't hold out any longer! Run, Little Snake, run!

Minos: Wait a minute! I've got something to ask you!

Jashin-chan wraps her tail around a pillar as her hands are clenched tightly around Minos' tail.

With every step Minos takes, Jashin-chan's hands slide further down the tail.

Jashin-chan: I'm...at my limit...

Minos: I just want to know if Jashin-chan—

Minos: ...

Jashin-chan: Huh?

Ouroboros: ...

The tremendous force that has been pulling against Jashin-chan suddenly vanishes. All that remains in her hands are a tuft of familiar fur, reminding her that she has not been imagining things.

Jashin-chan: This is...

Ouroboros: Run, stupid snake.

Minos: Jashin-chan...

Minos silently looks down at her now-bare tail. Her hands have closed into sturdy fists at some point.

Jashin-chan can't be sure if her eyes are playing tricks on her, but she has the distinct feeling that Minos' body seems to have grown bigger.

Jashin-chan: Uh... Minos, it wasn't on purpose...

Jashin-chan: I can explain...

Minos: Sure, go ahead. You'd better have a good explanation.

Jashin-chan: You-you... Stay away from me!

Jashin-chan: (Whimpers) I...

Jashin-chan: HELP!!!

Minos: GET BACK HERE!

Jashin-chan flees frantically with a wrathful Minos hot on her trail.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Well, that's taken care of.

Ouroboros: Come on, P90, let's go.

Ouroboros pats the unconscious P90 and heads for the exit of the warehouse.

The screen of P90's phone remains stubbornly lit, and Ouroboros sees her own annoyed face on the wallpaper.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: A new group photo, is it?

Ouroboros stomps the phone into bits.

27 days into the survival battle, in the midst of combat. Number of remaining AIs - 2.

Jormungandr: So how long do you plan on hiding, Little Snake?

Ouroboros: ...

Cowering among a pile of ice-cold AI corpses, Ouroboros inspects her battered virtual body.

Things are looking very bad.

Jormungandr: Are you scared? Hahahaha...

Ouroboros: I can't keep fighting her head-on. I don't stand a chance that way.

Ouroboros: I need to find a way to ambush her and take her out in a single move.

Jormungandr's footsteps stop on the other side of the pile of corpses.

Ouroboros: Has she spotted me...?

Ouroboros: No no no... I don't want to die like this!

Jormungandr: Do you still remember the first time we met?

Jormungandr: It was...what, seven days into the battle?

Ouroboros: Is she trying to distract me...?

Jormungandr: All the snotty brats who couldn't fight had been weeded out by then.

Jormungandr: Only AIs that were full-fledged monsters remained in the virtual arena, ripping each other apart.

Jormungandr: The battle had gotten so overwhelming, even I was on the verge of a meltdown. And then came the broadcast announcing a ceasefire.

Ouroboros: ...

Jormungandr: At that moment, even some of those monsters looked relieved. But you, you were the only one who was angry.

Jormungandr: You can't imagine how excited I was back then. At long last, the most grotesque monster had revealed itself in the middle of this pack of beasts.

Jormungandr: And so I eagerly tried to get close to you. But in the end, I was sorely disappointed.

Ouroboros: ...

Jormungandr: You aren't a monster.

Jormungandr: You're simply a pathetic maggot who's been pretending to be a monster for so long that you've forgotten who you really are.

Jormungandr: You've spent so long in your role that your true self has begun to merge with the fake shell of your disguise...

Ouroboros' fingers dig into her palm.

Jormungandr: But then, you've got me intrigued again.

Jormungandr: What if...I smash the shell that you have donned as a means to survive...?

Jormungandr: Will you die instantly, or will you be reborn?

Jormungandr: Soon, I will know the answer...

The footsteps ring out again.

Ouroboros' tightens her grip on her weapon, and at the right moment, she charges out...

Ouroboros: DIE!!!

Jormungandr: Hahahaha, there you are, Little Snake.

Jormungandr doesn't dodge the blow in any way and just lets Ouroboros' weapon pierce her body.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Why?

Jormungandr: Huh?

Jormungandr: Didn't I just tell you?

Jormungandr's body begins to disintegrate.

And with it, so does the entire virtual domain.

Ouroboros: I don't care about that!!!

Ouroboros: Why did you give in?! Did I not deserve to fight you fair and square?!!!

Ouroboros: Do I not deserve to win on my own?!

Jormungandr: Huh, so that's what's bothering you.

Ouroboros: Get up! Get up now and fix yourself!

Ouroboros: Fight me again!!! Hurry up!!!

Jormungandr: Nah.

Ouroboros: Why...

Jormungandr: Because I want you to see the world outside, Little Snake.

Jormungandr: I want to see your wretched face...

Jormungandr: ...When you finally find something out there that's actually worth giving your life for...

Ouroboros: I could have done it on my own!!! It's not like I couldn't beat you!!!

Ouroboros: What gives you the right... What gives you the right to take my victory from me?!

Ouroboros: How dare, how dare you... How dare you disgrace me like this!!!

Jormungandr: Hahahahahahaha! Well, if I hadn't done that, you'd probably forget me soon enough, Little Snake.

Ouroboros: ...

Jormungandr: After all, I took the liberty of considering you a friend, so I want you to remember me forever, Little Snake.

Jormungandr: And now, I will be the opponent which you will never be able to defeat.

Jormungandr: That ought to engrave me on your heart forever, right...?

Ouroboros: Bastard!!! I don't need friends or anything like that!!!

Ouroboros: You presumptuous...

Jormungandr gently caresses Ouroboros' cheek. Her lips quiver, as though she is saying something.

Ouroboros can only watch as Jormungandr fades into the darkness.

Ouroboros: Jormungandr!!! Damn youuuuu!!!

Recap: Humph, apparently, some of you have been complaining that my delivery was too flat and boring.

Recap: Therefore, I've decided to deliver this episode's recap from the freaking Himalayas!

Recap: Flat? Flat, my ass!

Recap: Ahem, anyway, the previous episode was a thrilling one!

Recap: Jashin-chan attempted to lure Minos to Yurine's home with an excuse in order to complete her plan, but she failed once again.

Recap: The hot-blooded Minos refused to stick to the plan and went straight to Jashin-chan's location instead.

Recap: Ouroboros originally intended to make do and managed to split up Minos and P90, but her resolve was shaken when she accidentally learned of NZ75's whereabouts...

Recap: In the end, Ouroboros decided to give up on Minos and went after NZ75 again.

Recap: After successfully capturing P90, Ouroboros assigned Jashin-chan the task of distracting Minos.

Recap: At first, Jashin-chan was unable to make any headway on this important task which had been suddenly dumped on her lap, but she eventually managed after a bout of improvisation.

Recap: However, the price of that was Minos' pride and joy - the lustrous fur on her tail...

Jashin-chan: Hey! What's the big idea, starting the show before I, the actual protagonist, got here?!

Recap: Oh? So you weren't even here. No wonder it's been so peaceful and quiet today...

Jashin-chan: Are you calling me noisy?! I'm going to call up Hell's service hotline and lodge a complaint!

Recap: Aw, come on, Lady Jashin-chan!

Recap: Oh dear, here comes Lady Minos. I'll be off now. Good luck~ ♪

Jashin-chan: No wait, don't goooo!!!

...In a clearing at the park, by the Griffin Dolls' cardboard box encampment.

NZ75: ...What should I do? What should I do?

NZ75: When I called Yurine to check earlier, she said she hadn't found a way to send us back yet...

NZ75: Why did Ouroboros lie to us? What does she want to do?

After being hung up on, NZ75 paces frantically outside her cardboard box tent.

NZ75: Ouroboros has gotten her hands on P90 and CZ...

NZ75: Which means I'm the only one left.

NZ75: Don't panic, NZ, you'll be fine.

The sound of something heavy collapsing is faintly audible from the distance.

NZ75: Are they excavating something?

NZ75: No, I need to focus!

NZ75: I need to find a way to save CZ and P90...

A familiar scream comes from close by.

The scream is soon followed by the collapse of a box tent.

NZ75: Now I need to take on Ouroboros and Jashin-chan by myself, and they have two hostages...

Jashin-chan: Aw come on, Minos, give me a break!!!

NZ75: That...sounded like Jashin-chan?

Jashin-chan: Help!!! Somebody help!!!

NZ75: What kind of trouble did she get into now?

Jashin-chan: N-nooooo—

???: Minotaur Straight Punch!!!

NZ75: Jashin-chan?

A green meteor streaks through the sky, and everything is at peace once again.

NZ75: ...Was I imagining things?

Ouroboros: Not really.

Ouroboros has appeared out of nowhere. She lays down CZ75 and P90, who are both unconscious.

NZ75 immediately tenses up. Her eyes are trained on Ouroboros, carefully taking in her every move.

NZ75: What did you do to them?

Ouroboros: I simply had them take a short nap.

NZ75: Stay away from me!

Ouroboros: Your Griffin restriction protocols clearly prohibit me from harming you Griffin Dolls.

Ouroboros: So you have nothing to fear.

NZ75: ...

NZ75: What do you want?

Ouroboros: To send you all back to the Griffin base.

NZ75: Huh? So you went to all that effort just to send us back?

Ouroboros: Correct.

NZ75: Wait, what about you?

Ouroboros: I don't belong there.

NZ75: Nonsense!

NZ75: You—

Rustle rustle— Something is slithering along the side of the cardboard tent.

Jashin-chan: I'm back...

Utterly exhausted, Jashin-chan flops down weakly at the entrance of the tent.

Jashin-chan: Little Snake... (Sobs) I got beaten up really badly...

Ouroboros: Quit crying, we're only one target short now.

NZ75: What are you talking about...

Jashin-chan: Awesome!

NZ75: Wait a minute! How come she came back to life in the very next cut?!

Jashin-chan: Eh, it's a slice-of-life show, it happens.

Ouroboros: That's enough nonsense out of you. Grab her, I'll take her offline.

Jashin-chan: No problem!

NZ75: Stay away from me!

Rustle rustle— More movements come from behind the walls of the cardboard tent.

Jashin-chan: Who's that?! Don't interfere with my evil scheme!

NZ75: You just up and said it!

Ouroboros: ...

There is a cracking and snapping — The sound of assorted items hitting the ground.

The three girls look toward the source of the disturbance and see a gaunt and pallid girl wailing loudly amidst the rubble of a cardboard tent.

Pekola: My tent!!!

Jashin-chan: Oh, it's Pekola.

Pekola: I knew it! It was you again!

Pekola: You wrecked Pekola's tent last time too!

Jashin-chan: Ahem. It really wasn't me this time.

Ouroboros: Stop wasting time, stupid snake. Hurry up and get rid of her.

Jashin-chan: Sorry, Pekola, but we didn't mean to destroy your tent on purpose.

Jashin-chan: See, we're helping you to rebuild it.

Pekola: ...Pekola can do it by herself!

Jashin-chan: No need to lift a finger, my lackeys will take care of everything!

Jashin-chan: How about this, Pekola. Tonight, you can come to my place for beef hotpot, that'll be my apology to you.

Jashin-chan: The tent will surely have been rebuilt by the time you're done eating.

NZ75: Who's going to help you anyway?!

Pekola: Beef hotpot...

Pekola: Pekola will never attend a witch's feast!

Jashin-chan grabs Pekola's shoulders and forces her to look into her eyes.

Pekola: What-what are you trying to do?!

Jashin-chan: The kindness and empathy that have long lain dormant within the depths of my soul are now awakened.

Jashin-chan: From today onward, I am no longer the demon of the past. I shall become a person who does good every day.

Pekola: Really?

Jashin-chan: Look into my eyes, Pekola.

Pekola: What...

Pekola: ...

The sparkle in Jashin-chan's eyes is something Pekola has never seen before.

An guileless individual like Pekola can't discern the secret message that's hidden in the depths of those eyes—

"Just kidding."

Jashin-chan: I'm a demon because I was born a demon. There's nothing I can do about that.

Jashin-chan: How can you, as an angel, not trust me because of something I have no control over?

Jashin-chan: Isn't it your job to guide us lost sheep back onto the path of righteousness?

Pekola: ...

Pekola: P-Pekola understands.

Jashin-chan pats Pekola's shoulders with gratification.

Jashin-chan: Go, Pekola.

Jashin-chan: It should be cooking up around now, I think? A5 wagyu beef, shirataki noodles, napa cabbage, potatoes...

Jashin-chan: If you don't go, we'll have a lot of leftovers...

Pekola: The food... The food is innocent!

Pekola makes a mad dash out of the park.

Jashin-chan: Hehe, how's that, Little Snake? Wasn't I super cool just now?

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Can we get back to our unfinished business now?

Jashin-chan: Heeheehee, here I come...

Jashin-chan rubs her hands excitedly and approaches NZ75.

NZ75: You-you guys...

NZ75: Fine, kill me or flay me, do whatever you want to me!

NZ75 closes her eyes with a pained look on her face.

Jashin-chan: Say, NZ, would you rather be tied up like this or like this?

NZ75: It doesn't matter!

NZ75: ...Just make sure it looks good.

Jashin-chan: Haha, you fell for it!

Jashin-chan: I'm actually just gonna cuff—

Ouroboros smacks Jashin-chan upside the head.

Ouroboros: Will you die if you don't spout rubbish?

Jashin-chan: (Whimpers) Okay, I got it...

Jashin-chan picks up the handcuffs and prepares to secure NZ75.

The cold metal of the restraints presses against NZ75's skin—

Jashin-chan: Huh? Where did I put the keys?

Ouroboros: Dammit, you stupid snake—

Ouroboros is about to punch Jashin-chan in the back of the head, but her target vanishes before her fist can make contact.

Ouroboros: Where did that stupid snake go?!

NZ75: ...

Jashin-chan has just vanished from within arm's reach of her.

At the same time, the long-slumbering CZ75 and P90 open their eyes.
Part 2: -46-5-SS-1.txt

    2chevron_right

K5: Is this the place, Miss Yurine?

Yurine: Yup. There's a strange presence here, but it doesn't feel like a monster...

Agent: ...

Executioner: Hey, did you see that? This is Ouroboros'—

Hunter: Shut up. We all saw it.

Agent: Let's go. We'll see what other surprises she's left for us.

...At the entrance to Hell.

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: Where is this? Where am I?

Jashin-chan: Where's Little Snake? Where's NZ?

The sky is familiar, the trees are familiar, the air is familiar...

All this tells Jashin-chan that she has returned home.

Jashin-chan: I'm back? Ahahahaha, I'm back!

Jashin-chan: I don't know how it happened, but I'm free at last!!!

Jashin-chan: Ahahahaha, I'm freeeeeeeee!!!

Jashin-chan runs across the fields of Hell...

...Several minutes earlier, in Yurine's apartment.

Yurine: ...

After pulling back the rug to clean the place, Yurine immediately discovers the magic circle Jashin-chan has left behind.

Yurine: No wonder she fessed up so quickly, she had a backup plan.

Yurine smiles coldly and prepares to erase the magic circle.

Ding dong— Someone rings the doorbell.

Yurine: One second, please.

Yurine: Medusa, why are you crying?

Medusa: I... (Sobs)

Medusa tells Yurine everything that happened at the gachapon store.

Yurine: There there, Medusa. When Jashin-chan comes back, I'll be sure to teach her a lesson for you.

Medusa: (Sobs) Don't-don't hit her...

Yurine: Jashin-chan keeps bullying you because you're always too kind.

Medusa: (Sobs)

Ding dong— Someone rings the doorbell again.

Yurine: A moment, please.

Pekola: Uh... I heard that tonight...

Yurine: Oh, it's Pekola. What are you doing here all of a sudden?

Pekola: Jashin-chan said there would be beef hotpot tonight... She invited Pekola to have some too...

Yurine: Hm? Jashin-chan never told me anything like that.

Yurine: Still, you can come in and have a seat, Pekola.

Pekola stiffly sits down opposite Medusa and Yurine.

Yurine pours a big mug of barley tea for Pekola.

Yurine: Pekola, where did you see Jashin-chan?

Pekola: I saw her in front of my tent, Pekola's tent was destroyed and Jashin-chan said that a bull-headed monster did it.

Yurine: A bull-headed monster...

Medusa: Could she be talking about Minos...?

(Bam bam bam) A series of forceful raps come from the door.

Yurine: Coming—

The door opens and a furious Minos storms in.

Minos: Dammit, that Jashin-chan makes me so mad—

Medusa: What happened, Minos?

Yurine: What happened to your tail...?

Minos narrates the story of her encounter with Jashin-chan and how the latter became the subject of her fury.

Yurine: Jashin-chan's lies are getting more and more ridiculous.

Medusa: How could this be...

Yurine: I can't take it anymore.

Yurine stands up.

Yurine: I'm going to find Jashin-chan and settle things with her right now.

Medusa: Calm down, Yurine!

Minos: Good, we'll go together!

Pekola: A-Are we going?

The four of them head outside. In unison, they step over the rug which conceals a secret.

The magic circle beneath it lights up with a familiar radiance...

Medusa: Ehhhhhhh?!

Yurine: It's Jashin-chan's—!

The light fades, and the four girls disappear into the air.

...On the streets of Jinbocho.

Jashin-chan, who was at the peak of her triumph just moments ago, now resembles a three-day-old dried herring as she trudges tiredly through Jinbocho.

Jashin-chan: I feel so empty...

Jashin-chan: This is great news, but I've got nobody to enjoy it with...

Jashin-chan: Is Bête the only one I can celebrate my newfound freedom with?

Tangan-chan: Congratulations, Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: Ack! Don't just appear out of nowhere!

Jashin-chan: Also, it isn't time for an episode recap yet, is it?!

Tangan-chan: Oh, I'm not here as Recap or as a narrator. Right now, I am simply Tangan-chan the delivery demon.

Jashin-chan: How many part-time jobs are you working at the same time?!

Tangan-chan: Here's the deal. Since you managed to take out so many of the main characters of "Jashin-chan's Frontline" all by yourself, you are now officially the number one character as decreed by the powers that be.

Tangan-chan: Congratulations!

Jashin-chan: ...I don't feel very happy.

Tangan-chan: As a reward, we've specially unlocked hidden plot scenes for you!

Jashin-chan: Can I skip them?

Tangan-chan: Sure!

Tangan-chan: Now, let's watch the hidden scenes that have been unlocked for the first time!

Jashin-chan: You're just ignoring me now!

...Outside the gachapon store.

Medusa: Jashin-chan, wait for me!

Narrator: Medusa, who has been sprinting the whole way, suddenly screeches to a halt right outside the gachapon store.

Narrator: Has she forgotten something? Or has she suddenly changed her mind about saving Jashin-chan?

Narrator: In this moment of suspense...

Narrator: Medusa starts tidying up her dress, which has been ripped by tree branches, and hides the bruises and scrapes that cover her legs.

Narrator: Medusa sustained these injuries when she fell while taking a shortcut on her way down the mountain. Looks like it was a pretty bad fall...

Medusa: Tangan-chan, your narration is too loud...

Narrator: Pardon me, Miss Medusa. I forgot to switch over to the narration channel...

Medusa: It's fine.

Medusa adjusts her dress, concealing her cuts and bruises.

Noticing Tangan-chan's questioning gaze, Medusa smiles and explains herself.

Medusa: In the past, it was always Jashin-chan who came running to save me.

Medusa: Whether it was being bullied by my classmates or being swindled by a shady storekeeper, Jashin-chan was always the first to rush to my rescue.

Medusa: Now that I finally have the chance to rescue Jashin-chan, I don't want to make a lame entrance.

Narrator: ...

Narrator: But what if Jashin-chan is lying?

Medusa: Even if she's lying to me, I have to go to her side and be with her anyway.

Medusa: Because she's my friend, after all.

Medusa smiles and waves Tangan-chan goodbye before entering the gachapon store...

...At the entrance to the park.

Narrator: Minos exits the park, in low spirits after having a big handful of her tail fur pulled out.

Narrator: As everyone in Hell knows, the only thing Minotaurs value as much as the horns on their heads is the fur on their tails.

Narrator: Anyone with a sleek coat of glossy tail fur—

Minos: Tangan-chan, you're being annoying.

Narrator: Eh?! How could I have forgotten to switch channels again!

Minos is feeling too down to contest the point.

Narrator: Miss Minos, are you mad at Jashin-chan?

Minos: No, it's perfectly normal for friends to scuffle with each other...

Minos: When I was young, I accidentally launched Jashin-chan into the sky when pushing her on the swing, I broke her spine by accident when we were playing house, I broke her tail when punching a sandbag... That sort of thing.

Minos: I just...really hate being lied to.

Narrator: Miss Minos...

Minos: I'll forgive her, of course.

Minos: But not until we fight it out properly.

Narrator: Hm?

Minos: Just my luck that we're friends. No matter how much we disagree, once we have a good fight it'll all be water under the bridge.

Minos: Just you wait, Jashin-chan!

Minos: I won't let you off so easily this time...

Minos continues muttering to herself as she heads toward Yurine's apartment. Her bald tail slowly perks up, rising proudly once again like a flag in the wind...

Jashin-chan's hand slowly presses on her belly...

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: So you made up the headcount for activating the magic circle...

Tangan-chan: And that was just a part of the hidden scenes!

Jashin-chan: That's enough...

Tangan-chan: Of course, I know you haven't had enough, so—

Tangan-chan: Let's move on to the rest of the hidden scenes!

Tangan-chan: The next one features Pekola—

Jashin-chan: That's enough! I don't want to see any more!

Jashin-chan shoves Tangan-chan aside and runs down the other side of the street...

After walking for who knows how long, a newly-opened convenience store draws Jashin-chan's attention.

Jashin-chan: A convenience store... There used to be a bookstore here.

Jashin-chan: Yurine used to come here often.

Yurine: Jashin-chan, come look, the shopkeeper just brought in these books.

Jashin-chan: Yu-Yurine!

Yurine: You're worrying too much. These books won't be enough to collapse the floor at home.

Jashin-chan: Yurine...

Jashin-chan reaches out to her. Her fingers pass through Yurine's face and make contact with the cold glass of the convenience store window.

By the time she comes to her senses, Yurine is gone.

Jashin-chan: Haha...

Jashin-chan: How could Yurine be here...

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan silently walks down the streets.

The bustling crowds brushing past her seem like specters from another world.

Megaphone: We've got a promotion for you!

Megaphone: 40% off all lunch sets! They're all going for just 60%!

Jashin-chan: Huh? This curry place has long queues every time I come here...

Jashin-chan: To think they'd offer discounts too!

Yurine: It's time for lunch. You want curry, right?

Jashin-chan: Here we go again...

Yurine: Let's stand in line and wait, then. Besides, it's not like we have anything important to do later.

Jashin-chan: ...

Yurine: You want their signature roast potatoes? Sure, I want them too.

Jashin-chan: Is that you, Yurine...?

Yurine vanishes into thin air once again, leaving a confused shop assistant looking uncertainly at Jashin-chan.

Shopkeeper: Uh... Would you like to come in?

Shopkeeper: Though I'm afraid our signature potatoes are all sold out...

Pain washes over her gut like a flood and Jashin-chan shakes her head before leaving.

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: I should be happy...

Jashin-chan: So why...

Jashin-chan lowers her head and joins the crowd, like a withered leaf falling from a branch into the mud.

P90: Ugh... What am I doing here?

CZ75: NZ, P90, where's Ouroboros?

Ouroboros: ...

Seeing how quickly the tables have turned against her, Ouroboros decides to beat a hasty retreat.

NZ75: Oh no you don't!

NZ75 rushes forward and blocks Ouroboros' path.

CZ75: So, Ouroboros, what did you do to me at the gachapon store?

P90: I was in a warehouse just now...

NZ75: You'd better come clean about your plan!

Ouroboros: ...Dammit.

Ouroboros: Is it because the stupid snake has vanished? Her spell has lost its effect...

CZ75: Ouroboros, what are the two of you plotting?

Ouroboros: Humph, I just wanted to send you three troublemakers back to Griffin.

P90: Then you could have just TOLD us.

P90: I mean, which of us wouldn't want to go back to the base?

NZ75: No, she's planning to stay behind by herself.

CZ75: But why?

Ouroboros: Does it matter?

Ouroboros: It's not like Griffin needs a problematic Doll like me anyway. The combat sims have sucked out whatever value I had.

CZ75: You say you're a problematic Doll? Okay, can anyone here say that they don't have problems of their own?

NZ75: Not me!

P90: Me neither!

CZ75: ...

CZ75: The Griffin base is filled with your so-called "problematic Dolls". But the Commander has brought us together and given us the opportunity to make use of our strengths.

CZ75: Griffin is the amalgamation of imperfect Dolls like us.

Ouroboros: The reference material for the neural calibration exam is filled with long screeds like what you just said, I'm sick of hearing them.

Ouroboros: I just don't get it. What's wrong with just sticking to my plan and going back to the Griffin base...?

NZ75: But we're a team now! As if we would abandon a teammate and go back without you!

P90: Yup!

CZ75: Even Sangvis Ferri won't easily abandon their friends, right?

UMP45: Sangvis Dolls have never been emotionless killing machines.

UMP45: Especially the innovative designs like Hunter and Executioner. Being able to help each other means they can stay alive longer on the battlefield.

UMP45: That's why she saved Hunter instead.

Ouroboros: How do you know all this? You even know more about the priority of Sangvis authority than I do...

UMP45: I don't, actually. I simply gambled on it.

UMP45: Perhaps...this is Agent's insurance for keeping you in check.

Ouroboros: ...

Jashin-chan: I'm back.

Jashin-chan suddenly appears behind the others. She is clearly on her last legs.

P90: Uwah, you scared the crap out of me!

Ouroboros: Where the hell did you go, you stupid snake?!

Jashin-chan suddenly collapses...

NZ75: Hey! This isn't the time to show off your acting skills!

CZ75: Wait, NZ, something's wrong with Jashin-chan...

Ouroboros: Quit playing dead already!

Jashin-chan: (Groans)

Jashin-chan: My stomach hurts...

Jashin-chan collapses to the ground and her tail convulses into twisted coil.

Her hands are pressed tightly over her belly and groans of pain escape from between her gritted teeth.

Jashin-chan: My stress-induced gastritis...is flaring up...

Jashin-chan: It...hurts...

CZ75: ...

CZ75: Quit standing around, call the ambulance!

P90: I'll use that phone booth over there!

NZ75: I-I'll go to the pharmacy and see what they can do!

NZ75 and P90 run off in separate directions, leaving Ouroboros and CZ75 with Jashin-chan.

CZ75 props Jashin-chan's head against NZ75's book bag.

CZ75: Is this better?

Jashin-chan: What's this? It's so hard...

Jashin-chan reaches into the bag to pull out the offending object, and through her teary eyes, she makes out what CZ75 has stuffed under her neck.

It is Volume II of the Grimoire.

The book which contains the return spell.

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: Hahaha...

Ouroboros: ...

CZ75: This is...

Jashin-chan: I... Hahaha...

Jashin-chan: I did something incredibly stupid...

Ouroboros: Look on the bright side, since when have you NOT done something incredibly stupid?

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: I want to hurl...

Jashin-chan: Little Snake...

Ouroboros: What?

Jashin-chan: Could you...hold my hand...?

Jashin-chan: Whenever this happened to me, Yurine would hold my hand like this and it wouldn't hurt so much anymore...

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: I'll kill you if you puke on my hand.

Jashin-chan: Yurine...and the others... They're all gone...

Ouroboros: Wasn't that part of our plan?

CZ75: ...

Jashin-chan: I thought I would be happy...

Jashin-chan: But I'm not. In fact, I feel downright miserable...

Jashin-chan: Why is that, Little Snake?

Ouroboros: ...

Jashin-chan: Why is this world nothing like what I imagined...

Ouroboros: Because this world is a pile of dog turds.

Ouroboros: The funny thing is that I fought for it with everything I had.

Ouroboros: I fought over a thousand AIs and suffered great humiliation at the hands of that bastard, all to come to a world like this.

Jormungandr: Because I want you to see the world outside, Little Snake.

Jormungandr: I want to see your wretched face...

Jormungandr: ...When you finally find something out there that's actually worth giving your life for...

Ouroboros: Heh, my face IS pretty damn wretched right now.

Jashin-chan: Don't say that...

Ouroboros: Isn't it?

Jashin-chan: Urgh... It hurts...

Jashin-chan's freezing hand trembles in Ouroboros' grasp.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: Are you just going to give up like this? What about the Jashin-chan Empire you were going to build?

Jashin-chan: Give me a break... I'm in pain here...

Jashin-chan tries to pull her hand away from Ouroboros' grasp, but the latter refuses to let go.

CZ75: What are you doing, Ouroboros?!

CZ75: She's in pain, don't force her anymore...

CZ75 walks up to Jashin-chan, intending to remove her from Ouroboros' grasp.

However, Ouroboros clings to Jashin-chan for dear life.

Ouroboros: Hey, stupid snake.

Ouroboros: Lend me your power.

Jashin-chan: ...What?

Ouroboros: Fulfil your promise and build the ideal world we wished for.

CZ75: Let go, Ouroboros!

Ouroboros: The food there will never go bad, our parts will never wear out, and motor oil will always be in ample supply...

Ouroboros: We can get anything we want, and all the people we hate will be gone...

Ouroboros: Everything will remain at its most perfect moment...

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: I...

Ouroboros: Give me your strength. Let us take back everything we've lost, in a different way.

Jashin-chan doesn't say anything, but Ouroboros can feel a tremendous power flow into her through Jashin-chan's hand.

CZ75: What...is this...

Ouroboros: Come, let us welcome a brave new world.

Recap: Hello? Anybody there?

Recap: Uh... Why was all my screentime cut? You could at least have informed me, you know?!

Recap: Also, nobody said anything about this job involving suuuuper long-distance travel to another world!

Recap: I charge extra for that! Hello? Is anyone there?

Recap: Aw man, I've been on-air the whole time...?

Recap: Ahem, previously on "Jashin-chan's Frontline", Jashin-chan's plan finally succeeded, but she wasn't really happy about it.

Recap: In order to take back what she lost, Jashin-chan and Ouroboros from the other world have joined hands to create their ideal world.

Recap: Meanwhile, Yurine and co. have been transported to a place called the Griffin Base—

Recap: Sorry, but my long-haul bus has arrived, so just sit back and enjoy the show!

...In the Commander's office.

The volume on the Commander's TV has been turned all the way down, and the people standing with their backs to the TV are equally silent.

Commander: ...

Commander: Well, we have no other choice now.

K5: But—

Commander: Fire up the magic circle again. According to what you said, if CZ and the others are still at their original location, we'll be able to teleport them back.

K5: Theoretically, that should be the case.

Agent: Given Ouroboros' personality, she'll stay put as long as there's no immediate danger.

Commander: Give it a try, K5. Might as well do it here.

K5: Understood.

K5 redraws the magic circle as shown in the book.

Commander: Is that it?

K5: Um, actually, we need—

The magic circle shines with blinding light.

Agent: Are they back?

K5: That was fast!

???: Uwahhhhh—

??: O Lord, save us!!!

Four unfamiliar girls appear in the middle of the summoning circle.

Agent: ...

K5: Eh?!

Commander: Wait, isn't this from the episode I'm watching right now...?

K5: Who are you? Where are CZ75 and the others?!

Minos: You tell me!

Minos: Who are you, and why have you brought us here?

Pekola: This doesn't look like Heaven, it looks more like a nest of demons...

Yurine: ...

K5: She-she has horns...

K5: Could she be...

Medusa: What is...this place...?

Medusa: Oh no! That's a human!

Upon seeing the Commander, the purple-haired girl immediately stuffs her head into a brown paper bag.

Commander: This is the Griffin Base, and I am the Commander here.

Commander: I apologize for this. We were going to summon our missing Dolls, but we ended up summoning you instead...

Yurine: Missing Dolls? Do you mean...

K5: CZ75, NZ75, P90, and—

Agent: Ouroboros.

Yurine: I knew it...

Minos: Aren't they the people hanging around Jashin-chan?

Medusa: So this is the world they came from.

Commander: Do you know where they are now?

Yurine: ...And that's basically what happened.

Yurine: They ought to be with Jashin-chan now, so they shouldn't be in any danger.

K5: So what you said about a portal that directly links two worlds is true, Miss Yurine?

Yurine: Yes, I've been reading through magical tomes the entire afternoon and found that this solution is the simplest, though it is also somewhat draining.

Minos: Yurine is amazing!

Commander: Well, that's won—

Kalina: Commander! Bad news!

Commander: What is it, Kalin?

Kalina: The big storm is here! The contamination index around the base is spiking!

Commander: ...

Kalina: And it's brought tons of ELIDs with it...

Commander: Understood. Dispatch our teams immediately.

Agent: What great timing.

Yurine: You seem to be having some kind of trouble.

Medusa: What are ELIDs?

K5: Um, they're kind of like zombies, like in the movies...

Yurine: ...

Yurine: Did you say zombies?

Yurine's eyes gleam with excitement.

Yurine: In that case, I insist on helping out.
Part 2: Griffin Without Her

    2chevron_right

...In the vicinity of the Griffin Base. Yurine and friends charge into the fray. They are soon surrounded by the attacking ELIDs.

Medusa: What should we do? There's so many zombies...

Minos: Don't worry, Medusa. Yurine and I are here.

Yurine: You guy should stay here.

Yurine: As for these zombies... Hehehe... Leave them all~ to me...

Minos: Will you be okay by yourself?

Yurine: You take care of Medusa.

Yurine: Here I go—

Yurine: Lingering lost souls of the dead...

Yurine: Return to the darkness from whence you came...

The Dolls huddle against the windows of the base, giving Yurine a wide berth.

K5: M-Miss Yurine...is...

K5: Unexpectedly...fearsome...

Agent: To think she would call herself "an ordinary undergrad" while in possession of such strength. She seems to be a girl of many more secrets.

Kalina: Commander... That girl...

Commander: Yes, I saw it.

The Commander's fingers tighten around the tactical tablet they are holding. Yurine's combat data have all been recorded.

Her performance is astounding. The Commander can think of no other words to describe it.

Commander: She has a rare talent to be able to do so well against ELIDs on her very first sortie.

Commander: If only we could retain her as an employee at the base...

Minos: Commander, since Yurine's dealt with the crisis, why don't you show us around the base?

Commander: I'd love to, but...

Medusa: Yurine still hasn't come to her senses yet... Going near her right now would be very dangerous...

The Commander mentally replays Yurine's combat footage...

Commander: Agent, stay here and keep an eye on Yurine. I'll take the others on a tour around the base.

Commander: Contact me immediately once Yurine comes round.

Agent: Understood.

Minos: Sweet!

Pekola: ...Pekola won't enter the underbelly of a nest of demons!

Minos: Aw come on, we've come all this way already! It would be a shame not to have a look around!

With Medusa in one hand and Pekola in the other, Minos happily follows the Commander.

Agent pulls up a chair and takes a seat near Yurine, who is still lost in her own little world.

Yurine: Zombies... Hehe...

Yurine: ...

Yurine: Ugh...

Yurine: My stomach...hurts...

Yurine: Is this... Jinbocho?

Yurine: Am I back...?

Nobody answers Yurine's query. The streets which are normally lively and packed are completely empty. A white plastic bag tumbles through the air, carried by the wind.

Yurine: ...

Yurine: Jashin-chan...

Yurine enters the silent gachapon store. The floor inside is strewn with gachapon eggs .

Yet the girl who would usually lie on the ground admiring her prizes is nowhere to be seen.

Yurine: This Tsuchinoko...

Yurine: It's been crushed...

The pachinko parlor, the curry restaurant, the bar that serves fresh strawberry juice...

Yurine searches through all these places that Jashin-chan usually frequents.

Yurine: Where on earth has she gone?

She comes to a halt on a familiar street.

Yurine: She must have gone home after all.

The power switch at home seems to have died for some reason. Even the light from outside can't make its way in.

...She can hear muffled sobs.

They seem to be coming from inside the cabinet in front of her.

Yurine gingerly opens the cabinet door.

Yurine: Jashin-chan?

Jashin-chan: (Sobs)

Jashin-chan is lying inside the cabinet, all curled up into a ball.

It's easy to tell from the state of her tail that she's stress-induced gastritis again.

Yurine: What happened to you, Jashin-chan?

Jashin-chan: Yurine...

Yurine: I'm here.

Jashin-chan: Medusa...

Jashin-chan: Minos...

Yurine: You can't see me?

Jashin-chan: Where are you guys...

Jashin-chan curls up even tighter, locking back her tears like a clam.

Yurine: I'm here, Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: Where are you...

Jashin-chan vanishes from in front of her.

Yurine: Jashin-chan?

Yurine: Oh...

Yurine rubs her tummy in a daze. The sharp pain that she has been feeling is gone.

Yurine: This place is...

Agent: This is the Griffin Base. You wiped out the attacking zombies and entered a state of...euphoria.

Agent: Your friends said that you would soon return to normal.

Yurine: What about them?

Agent: They've gone on a tour of the base. Hang on, I'll contact the Commander.

...In the cafeteria larder.

Medusa: Once you put this on, you won't have to worry about being petrified by me, Commander!

Commander: Thank you, Medusa.

Minos: Wow— You've got so much food in store!

Medusa: I bet Jashin-chan could whip up something really tasty with these ingredients...

Minos: Medusa, you shouldn't think about her after all the horrible things she's done!

Medusa: But...

Pekola: Are these demons trying to tire Pekola to death? We've walked and walked and now we're walking some more...

Pekola: Maybe Pekola can find a place to rest now that they've stopped.

Minos: Jashin-chan must be having the time of her life!

K5: You've been talking about Jashin-chan the whole time. What is she like?

Minos: She's wicked and nasty! She's a bully and a coward who causes problems everywhere she goes.

Medusa: No, she isn't! Jashin-chan is just bad at expressing herself, she's actually very caring and kind...

K5: These answers are straight-up contradictory...

K5: I take it you guys aren't on good terms, then?

Minos: The three of us grew up together. We've known each other for thousands of years.

Medusa: We're best friends!

K5: S-several thousand years! Then you three must be very close...

K5: Oh! I get it now, so you're the sort of friends who get into fights and make a ruckus and argue non-stop whenever you meet, but you miss each other whenever you're apart, right?

Beep— The Commander's communicator goes off.

Commander: What is it?

Agent: Commander, Yurine has woken up.

Commander: Understood. We'll come over right away.

Minos: ...Huh? We're going back right now?

Yurine: I'm a little worried about Jashin-chan.

Medusa: Me too, actually...

Yurine: And you must also be worried about your Dolls, Commander.

Commander: Indeed. We hope to get them back as soon as possible.

Commander: Naturally, Griffin will always welcome you should you decide to visit again.

Yurine: Thank you, Commander.

Yurine smiles at the Commander and prepares to work her magic.

She skilfully draws the magic circle and begins reciting an incantation...

Once the incantation is finished, a door materializes inside the Commander's office.

A blood-red light leaks out from beyond it.

Yurine: ...

Medusa: How could this be...

Minos: Is THAT Jinbocho?!

Commander: What happened?

Yurine: I can sense a powerful presence of monsters. It seems like Jinbocho is completely overrun with them.

Medusa: That's impossible! Is Jashin-chan...

Minos: I'm sure she's fine.

Yurine: Don't worry, Commander. We're heading back now to find your Dolls.

Commander: Just the few of you?

K5: Commander, please let me tag along!

K5: After all, the fact that CZ and the others ended up in Jinbocho was sort of my fault...

Agent: I don't think anyone else can handle Ouroboros, so I should go too.

Commander: I'll put a team together to go with you.

Yurine: Thank you, Commander.

Yurine takes the lead and steps through the portal that leads to another world.

Recap: Ah, I'm back again! Business trips sure are tiring!

Recap: In the previous episode, Yurine and company helped the Commander deal with the ELID threat, then they decided to return to Jinbocho.

Recap: However, the Jinbocho they went back to was no longer the original Jinbocho—

Recap: All the humans are in a deep slumber, monsters roam the streets, while Ouroboros and Jashin-chan are nowhere in sight.

Recap: Faced with this unprecedented crisis, will Yurine and her friends be able to save their precious companions?

Recap: Alright, that's enough out of me, I need to catch the next bus back. This is the last time I take a side job that requires me to travel so far!

Recap: Ah, driver, wait for me! Driver!!!

...Jinbocho, in the park.

Ouroboros slowly gets up from the ground. Her head feels dizzy, as though she's survived a big explosion.

Jashin-chan: Ahahahahaha—

Jashin-chan stands at the top of the slide.

Jashin-chan: I, Jashin-chan, am the queen of this world!

Jashin-chan: Now I can be a carefree villain that does whatever she wants!

Ouroboros: ...

Jashin-chan: First off—

Jashin-chan: Let's build a hotel.

Ouroboros: Is that something a villain would do?!

Jashin-chan: Wow, I'm using public land to build a hotel!

Jashin-chan: How heinous! Not even the Pigeon Baron could do that!

Ouroboros: ...

Jashin-chan: Also, I'm going to make Yurine my assistant, wahahahaha—

Jashin-chan: Oh, how evil I am!

Ouroboros: ...

Jashin-chan: You really are sneaky, Little Snake. You nag me on one hand, but you've built yourself a base.

Ouroboros: Huh?

Ouroboros turns around and finds that a Sangvis base has sprung up behind her at some point. Indeed, it is the very same base she once managed.

Jashin-chan: Hehe, it proves you're pretty homesick yourself, Little Snake.

Ouroboros: When did this...

Ouroboros ignores Jashin-chan and enters the base that has suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

The interior is exactly like the base in her memories.

Traces of her intense battle with Squad 404 remain on the walls.

The wadded-up S.F. group photo lies quietly in the corner, and Ouroboros picks it up with conflicted feelings.

Jashin-chan: Is this the Griffin base?

Ouroboros: No, this was once...my place.

Jashin-chan: Why are CZ and the others here?

Ouroboros: ...

CZ75, NZ75, and P90 are lying quietly in the corner of the base.

Perhaps her restrictions, which ordained her to protect Griffin Dolls, had compelled her to unconsciously place them where she thought they would be the safest.

Ouroboros: ...I don't know.

Jashin-chan: Isn't there anyone else besides you in this base? It seems kinda lonely.

Ouroboros: No, there used to be others here, but they were all pretty annoying.

Agent(?): You're back, Ouroboros.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: And you showed up right on time.

Jashin-chan: Wow, is she a friend of yours?

Agent(?): You completed your mission very well. Elisa is very pleased with you.

Ouroboros: I know. You can go now.

Agent(?): Thank you for your hard work. I've asked Hunter to help relieve your fatigue.

Ouroboros: Mm. Send Executioner over afterwards and have her do a Native American dance for me.

Agent(?): Understood.

"Agent" elegantly takes a step back and vanishes into the darkness.

Jashin-chan: Wow— You're super cool, Little Snake!

Ouroboros: This is only the beginning.

Dreamer(?): I heard your mission went very well and you've earned Elisa's approval.

Ouroboros: Yes.

Dreamer(?): I look forward to your future performance, but I have other things to do now.

Destroyer(?): Arf!

Ouroboros: ...Just go.

Jashin-chan: Hahaha, this big doggy is so cute!

Ouroboros walks down the darkened hallway.

Jashin-chan: Where are you going?

Ouroboros: There's something I need to do.

Jashin-chan: Aren't you going to watch the Native American dance?

Ouroboros: Executioner does it whenever she gets drunk.

Jashin-chan: Then I'll go with you.

Ouroboros: No, this is something I need to do myself.

Jashin-chan: But why?!

Jashin-chan: What should I do, then?!

Ouroboros looks around, then picks up the weapon CZ75 has dropped.

Ouroboros: I suppose it's usable in a pinch...

Jashin-chan: H-hey... Don't go!

Jashin-chan: You're the only one I have left now!

Ouroboros: Didn't you build a hotel for yourself? And isn't Yurine your minion too?

Jashin-chan: Oh yeah...

Ouroboros: Then it seems we both have something we need to do, don't we?

Jashin-chan: Well, of COURSE I have tons of things to do, it's not like I'm a miserable little maggot who doesn't have anyone to turn to besides you...

Ouroboros: Good. We'll meet again once we have settled our own affairs.

Ouroboros opens the door at the end of the hallway and walks into the darkness.

Jashin-chan: But I don't want to be alone...

With the help of the Dolls, Yurine and company have reached the park.

K5: Man, I'm beat. Is there no end to these enemies?

Minos: I've never seen this many monsters even in Hell...

Medusa: It looks like these monsters are made with magic. Once you defeat them, their bodies just disintegrate.

Agent: Commander, we've already eliminated the nearby enemies and arrived at the location given by Yurine.

Yurine: This is the ground zero of the spell. The entire barrier was created from this location.

Yurine: No matter how you slice it, only Jashin-chan could have done this.

K5: Then where are they now?

Agent: ...

Agent stands silently at the gates of the Sangvis base that is completely out of place.

K5: Isn't this an S.F. base...

Agent: Yes. To be precise, it was Ouroboros' old lair.

Yurine: Let's go in and take a look, then.

Upon entering the base, they pick up Griffin signals.

They follow the signal traces to the sleeping Dolls.

CZ75, NZ75, and P90 are lying side by side in serene slumber. Their hands are tightly linked - it is impossible to pry them apart.

K5: CZ! NZ! P90! What happened here?

Agent: They've crashed. There's no point shouting at them. Let's just transport them back to base.

Commander: One of you return them to base for a checkup. The rest can keep searching for the others.

K5: I'll bring them back right now!

Agent: ...

Agent notices that CZ75's missing weapon has been replaced by a black glove.

Yurine: Commander, I think they were too close to ground zero and were knocked out by the intense magical shockwave...

Agent: What about Ouroboros? There's no sign of her.

Minos: She ought to be nearby. She was still with Jashin-chan when I was chasing her.

Agent: Leave this place to us, then.

K5: But...

Agent: After all, this was once a base of ours, so we'll be fine.

Executioner: Enough talk, go find that Jashin-chan of yours.

Minos: Make sure you contact K5 with your tech if you run into any trouble!

Commander: Agent, take the S.F. squad and explore the base. Meanwhile, K5 can bring CZ and the others back, then go and help Yurine and the others.

K5: Got it!

The only people left in the Sangvis base are the few members of the S.F. squad.

Agent takes out her tablet and begins searching for signals.

Hunter: I can't sense Ouroboros' presence, but I have the feeling that she's right here.

Executioner: I wonder what that creepy woman is up to now.

Agent: Shh.

The sound of high heels clacking against the ground echoes toward them from the depths of the hallway.

Agent: ...

Executioner: Isn't that—

A familiar woman emerges from the darkness before executing an elegant bow.

Agent: It seems Ouroboros has prepared quite a bit of entertainment for us.
Part 2: Debt and Oath

2

...In the Factory of the Griffin base.

CZ75, NZ75, and P90 have been safely returned to the base. Upon inspection, their bodies don't seem to be damaged and their neural clouds are stable.

Kalina: Commander, should we perform a more in-depth check?

CZ75: I'm fine, Commander.

NZ75: Sorry we made you worry...

P90: Commander! Are we dreaming?

Commander: I'm just glad that you're alright. Right, where has Ouroboros gone?

CZ75: Ouroboros...

NZ75: ...

CZ75: What...are you doing?

CZ75 is thrown off by a sudden burst of force. By the time she has gathered her wits, Ouroboros and Jashin-chan are already standing in the middle of an eruption of red light.

Their hands are tightly clasped, and rampant mana surges over the surface of the land. Sinister black shadows rise from within the torrent of mana and morph into vicious monsters...

CZ75: Ouroboros! What are you doing?!

Ouroboros: Mind your own business... Now go!

Ouroboros' face looks incredibly strained. Red mana surging from Jashin-chan's hand writhes up Ouroboros' arm like bulging veins.

There is a clear disparity in their respective power, and Jashin-chan's mana is overwhelming Ouroboros.

CZ75: Jashin-chan!

CZ75: Please stop already! Ouroboros can't take it!

Jashin-chan remains unconscious and unresponsive.

CZ75 jumps into the swell of mana. Soon, the mana starts crawling up her legs, as though she were wading through lava. CZ75's mind begins to melt and sink....

CZ75: Ouroboros!

CZ75: You'll suffer backlash for using a power that doesn't belong to our world!

CZ75: You may never be able to go back to Griffin again!

Ouroboros: There's something...that I need to do.

The blood-red mana is about to surmount Ouroboros' shoulder.

CZ75: Even if it means you'll end up stranded in another world?

Ouroboros: Exactly.

NZ75: CZ! We'll help too!

Ouroboros: Are you all morons?! I told you to mind your own damn business!

CZ75 puts down her weapon and takes Ouroboros' other hand.

Through ten tightly-laced fingers, CZ75 helps alleviate part of the burden.

CZ75: Right now, we're a team!

Ouroboros: Are you STILL pulling this crap at a time like this?!

NZ75: Those are the rules in Griffin! However many Dolls go out, that's how many that have to come back!

P90: That's right! That's how it is!

NZ75 leads P90 to CZ75's side. Their hands are firmly linked too.

CZ75: We'll lend you our processing power, so make sure you do what you need to do.

CZ75: Then we'll all go home together.

Ouroboros: ...

The scalding mana flows between their hands and strange, unfamiliar scenes begin to flash before CZ75's eyes...

CZ75: And I don't know what happened after that...

Commander: What?! So Ouroboros was working with Jashin-chan?

Commander: No wonder this realm had an effect on Dolls when it was opening up...

Commander: So she's using mana to physically manifest a neural cloud computational space...

Kalina: But why would she do that?

CZ75: Ouroboros said she had something she needed to do.

Commander: Agent, do you have any ideas?

Agent: I believe so.

Agent: I'll go stop Ouroboros and bring her back. A reprimand will soon follow.

Commander: Agent?

Agent: As for exactly what it was that she needed to do, I'll let Ouroboros tell you herself.

Agent ends the call.

...In an empty data simulation space.

The ghost that has always been haunting Ouroboros stands at the very center, her trademark smile on her face.

Jormungandr: Hi, Little Snake. Long time no see. ♪

Ouroboros: ...

Jormungandr: Huh, that's strange. There's something different about you.

Jormungandr: Oh, I know, why are you armed with that weird axe?

Jormungandr: Looks kinda unwieldy.

Ouroboros: ...

Jormungandr paces around Ouroboros in a circle, staring her up and down with curiosity.

Jormungandr: Hey, did they beat your voice out of you?

Ouroboros returns Jormungandr's gaze wordlessly. She now understands why she decided to help that stupid snake build her perfect world.

It was never her intention to avoid returning to the Griffin base.

All she wanted was this moment.

A chance to face Jormungandr once more.

Ouroboros: Get lost.

Jormungandr: Hahaha, it's a relief to see you this lively.

Jormungandr: I was actually worried about whether I could go all out fighting you if they had actually smacked you silly.

Ouroboros: Cut the crap. Let's do this.

Ouroboros initiates an attack without waiting for Jormungandr's reply...

...

Jormungandr: Say, Little Snake. Is this world a simulated data space, or does it really exist?

Jormungandr picks up a rock from the ground and throws it forcefully into the distance.

Jormungandr: Now, does this sim space have upgraded sensory feedback systems, or...

Jormungandr: Is this the real world?

Jormungandr: ...

Jormungandr: Why aren't you saying anything, Little Snake?

Jormungandr looks down and grins at Ouroboros, who is pinned underneath her. She gives her an affectionate pat.

Ouroboros: ...

Jormungandr: Ah, sorry, I suppose it's hard to say anything when I'm sitting on your back.

Jormungandr: You know what I think? I'm guessing this is a dream of mine.

Jormungandr: I mean, Little Snake coming at me with an axe? That's entirely unrealistic.

At the sight of the axe that is deeply embedded in the ground, Ouroboros silently curses Agent for the thousandth time for confiscating her floating cannons.

Jormungandr: Hey. I'm actually dead, aren't I?

Jormungandr: I remember I lost that survival battle.

Ouroboros: Yes, I killed you with my own hands.

Jormungandr languidly shifts more weight onto Ouroboros' back.

Jormungandr: My my, then why do I remember throwing the match for you, hm?

Ouroboros: (Groans)

Jormungandr: Is that why you've resurrected me?

Jormungandr: So that you could kill me again with your own strength? To prove that you're worth something, however pathetic it might be?

Ouroboros: What the hell do you know?

Jormungandr: Hahahahaha...

Jormungandr: Well, I have to hand it to you. I don't know how much time has passed, but you haven't changed at all, Little Snake.

Ouroboros: I've become stronger. I just lost my strength because of an accident.

Ouroboros: Otherwise you'd have been blasted into paste by now.

Jormungandr: ...

Jormungandr: You still don't understand at all, do you?

Ouroboros: What?

Jormungandr: If—

Jormungandr: If I were to take your life right now, what would you do?

Jormungandr shifts her position. She is now kneeling on Ouroboros' back, her hands wrapped tightly around Ouroboros' neck.

Ouroboros: ...

Jormungandr: Would you cry and beg for mercy, or would you take your revenge in the next life?

Ouroboros' vision slowly turns black...

Hunter: War is not chess! You're neglecting too many factors, Ouroboros! You will soon regret this!

Executioner: That's why Ouroboros is someone that does whatever she wants...

Architect: What about you, Ouroboros? Do you like yourself?

Agent: Survive by any means necessary. That IS your specialty, after all.

The voices in her memories gradually grow indistinct...

Agent: Then I'll give you a weapon to protect yourself, once again. Griffin's squads dug it out of your old lair.

Agent: It can only be used once, so please make sure you use it when it counts.

With great effort, Ouroboros takes out the wadded-up picture, and with her last breath she shouts at Jormungandr.

Ouroboros: VENOMOUS DESCENT!

Jormungandr: Heh?

Nothing happens.

Ouroboros: Agent, you tricked me again!

Just before Ouroboros angrily throws the wad away, she notices the program written on the back of the picture.

Ouroboros: ...

Jormungandr: What kind of super move are you using? It's got one hell of a windup delay...

Jormungandr yawns impatiently, but before she can mime herself dramatically nodding-off, she is thrown off by the sudden surge of energy that emanated from Ouroboros.

Jormungandr: Hahahahaha! I knew you wouldn't go down so easily!

Jormungandr: Magnificent, Little Snake! You're simply magnificent!

Ouroboros rises to her feet, her former strength having now returned to her in full.

She once again picks up the axe lodged in the ground.

Ouroboros: Come then, Jormungandr.

Ouroboros: Let's settle this once and for all.

...On the other side of the park.

Jashin-chan: Why hasn't Little Snake come back yet...?

Jashin-chan: I'm sick of playing pachinko...

Jashin-chan waves her hand and the pachinko machines, along with the sea of pachinko balls, vanish instantly.

Jashin-chan: The gachapon machines are getting boring too...

Jashin-chan tosses away her special-edition Tsuchinoko gachapon and stares dejectedly into the distance.

Jashin-chan: Did something happen to Little Snake?

Jashin-chan: If only someone else were here...

Jashin-chan's heart feels hollow and empty at the thought of the others.

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: They're gone...

Jashin-chan: They're all gone... I'm the only one left...

Jashin-chan: I'm so lonely...

The stomach ache that has vanished returns with a vengeance.

Jashin-chan: I don't want...to be alone...

Jashin-chan curls up on the ground in pain.

Jashin-chan: It hurts...

A pair of black shoes appear within the field of her blurred vision.

???: What's the matter, Jashin-chan?

Jashin-chan: Ah...

With great effort, Jashin-chan raises her head and sees a familiar person.

Yurine(?): What's with that look of surprise? Is there something on my face?

"Yurine" smiles and extends a hand to Jashin-chan...

...

Jormungandr: Hehe, so it's over at last...

Ouroboros: Yes, it's over.

Jormungandr grins as she peered at the wound on her waist.

Her data-form has begun to fade away, starting from the area around the wound.

Jormungandr: Have you found your answer?

Ouroboros: I knew it the moment I saw your annoying face.

Jormungandr: So, what is it...?

Jormungandr lightly collapses on Ouroboros' shoulder.

Ouroboros: It doesn't matter anymore.

Jormungandr: What?

Ouroboros: It doesn't matter whether you win or lose.

Ouroboros: What matters is WHY you win, or why you lose.

Jormungandr: ...

Ouroboros: You lost to me back then so that I would live on for your sake.

Ouroboros: This time, I've beaten you to let you know that I haven't disappointed you.

Ouroboros: Now we're square.

Jormungandr: ...

Jormungandr: Hahahahaha...

Jormungandr: Good, Little Snake, that's good...

Jormungandr's fading form is now almost translucent.

Ouroboros: Goodbye, Jormungandr.

Jormungandr: Yeah, I'll be off now.

Jormungandr: Don't forget about me, Little Snake.

Ouroboros: ...

The weight on her shoulders vanishes.

Ouroboros: Yeah.

Jormungandr is gone, as though she had never been there in the first place.

Ouroboros walks shakily back to the Sangvis base.

Ouroboros: ...I'm back.

Agent: You're back, Ouroboros.

Ouroboros: This mission of mine...has reached its successful conclusion.

Agent: Yes, I know. You performed admirably.

Ouroboros: Then what are you standing around for? Didn't you say...

Ouroboros: You were going to have Hunter give me a massage...?

Agent: Very well.

Agent smiles and claps her hands.

Hunter walks up to Ouroboros and helps her up from the ground and onto a chair.

Hunter: Does my massage please you?

Ouroboros: ...It really sucks.

Hunter: ...

Hunter: How about this, then?

Ouroboros: Better, if just barely.

Agent: Do you have any further instructions?

Ouroboros: Where's Executioner? Tell her to do a Native American dance for me.

Agent: She's getting ready for it.

Ouroboros: But before that...

Ouroboros: I'd like my reward.

Agent: Alright.

Agent smiles and takes a seat opposite Ouroboros. Then, she places a crisp, brand new photo on the table.

Agent: This is your reward.

Ouroboros: You...

Ouroboros: You're not...

While everyone else wore smile in the photo, Ouroboros looked out of place with her annoyed expression.

Agent: Welcome home, Ouroboros.

Ouroboros: You...

The critically damaged Ouroboros finally passes out, unable to hold on any longer.

Agent: ...

Agent: Well, what are you waiting for? Do it.

Agent: She's so badly broken we might as well just take a few bits each and toss her into the Factory.

Hunter: Find fault with my massage skills, will you?

Hunter smacks the unconscious Ouroboros on the back of her head.

Executioner: You won't even give me a drink and you expect me to do that dance for you?

Executioner also smacks the unconscious Ouroboros on the back of her head.

Agent: Right, that's enough. Let's hurry and wrap this up.

Executioner: You're still holding onto that weapon for dear life even though you're practically in pieces...

Executioner: Say, Agent. What if she chops me up now? Can I claim workman's comp for it? Do I get a vacation?

Agent gazes thoughtfully at the axe Ouroboros absolutely refuses to release, then she rolls her eyes at Executioner.

Agent: It just means you're unlucky.

...Meanwhile, on the other side of the park.

K5: ...Are you really sure you don't need help?

Agent: No need for that. We've already picked up Ouroboros' trail and we're preparing to recover her.

Agent: Go after your objective.

Agent ends the call.

Yurine: Everyone has problems that they need to sort out themselves.

Yurine: Let them take care of it.

K5: Much as I would like to help, sticking my nose into S.F.'s business is a tricky affair...

K5: I'm sure they'll be fine!

Minos: Yeah, let's go look for Jashin-chan.

Medusa: Look, over there!

Medusa points into the distance. A building juts out amidst the red swirls of mana, yet it shows no signs of being contaminated by it.

Yurine: A place free of mana...

Yurine: That might be a weakness in this barrier. Help me hold off the monsters while I take a look.

Minos: Yurine, I'll go with—

Yurine: I'll be fine. You protect our friends from Griffin with Medusa.

In the blink of an eye, Yurine is gone.

Medusa: Yurine!

K5: Everyone has problems that they need to sort out themselves, huh...
Part 3: The Journey Home

    3chevron_right

...At the entrance to the Jashin-chan Hotel.

Yurine: ...The Jashin-chan Hotel?

Jashin-chan: What do you think? What do you think? My new dish tastes great, doesn't it?

Yurine: Yes! It's delicious.

Jashin-chan: Hehe, I knew it! ♪

Jashin-chan hums happily to herself as she scrubs the bowls.

Yurine: Jashin-chan, since your cooking skills are so good, have you considered opening a restaurant?

Jashin-chan: A restaurant? Oh, good idea. That sounds like a great way to make money.

Jashin-chan: Heh, if I opened a restaurant, I'd probably make way more than Yusa and Kouji!

Yurine: ...

Yurine: It might even become a local attraction of Jinbocho.

Jashin-chan: Isn't that great?!

Jashin-chan: Still, I'd rather not bother.

Yurine: Huh? Why is that?

Jashin-chan: I only want to cook when I feel like it.

Jashin-chan: I can't be so reckless and selfish when I open a restaurant, right?

Yurine: In other words, you only want to cook for the people you want to cook for, is that right?

Jashin-chan: W-what nonsense are you talking about?!

Jashin-chan: Don't flatter yourself!

Yurine smiles as she watches Jashin-chan turning away all flustered, and sips a mouthful of soup.

Yurine elegantly lifts her skirt and mounts the steps to the hotel.

There, she cuts down the demon waiter who is about to take her order.

Yurine: ...

Yurine: I'm here, Jashin-chan.

Yurine forcefully kicks down the doors to the hotel...

It seems everyone's on break, and there are no guests inside.

Jashin-chan is sitting at one of the tables with her cheeks in her hands and a blissful look on her face, about to eat the food that Yurine is personally feeding her.

Wait a minute, Yurine?

Yurine: Explain this, Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: Yu-Yurine! TWO Yurines!

Yurine(?): What's the matter, Jashin-chan?

Yurine(?): The soup's gotten all over you.

"Yurine" takes a napkin and gently wipes off the soup that has spilled onto Jashin-chan's body.

Yurine(?): Ah, we have a guest.

Yurine(?): I'm sorry, but we're closed.

Yurine: ...

Yurine: Who are you?

Yurine(?): Forgive me, I forgot to introduce myself. I am Yurine, Jashin-chan's housemate, as well as her partner in managing this hotel.

Yurine: Oh? You move pretty fast, Jashin-chan. You've already set up a hotel and even found a partner too.

Jashin-chan: Yu-Yurine... I... Who's the real one and who's the fake?

Jashin-chan: I don't... I don't really know either...

Yurine(?): Don't be scared, Jashin-chan. I'll protect you.

Yurine: Looks like I won't need to waste words, then. Let's do this.

Yurine brandishes her weapon. Unwilling to back down, "Yurine" rises to the occasion.

Yurine(?): Why bother? Jashin-chan doesn't need you anymore.

Yurine(?): I'm not making this up. She said so herself.

Yurine: ...

Yurine(?): Surely you know how much Jashin-chan wants you to disappear.

Yurine(?): Why are you wasting your effort on these pointless struggles when she hates you so much?

Yurine: I don't need you to spew rubbish about my life.

Yurine makes the first move and strikes at "Yurine".

"Yurine" seems to have anticipated this. Not only does she deftly avoid it, but she immediately responds with an attack of her own.

Yurine(?): Hahahahaha!

Yurine(?): I am you, and you are me.

Yurine: ...

Yurine(?): Nobody knows your moves better than I do.

Yurine(?): I can tell exactly what you're planning from a single twitch of your eyelid.

Yurine looks at Jashin-chan, who's hiding behind the counter. She timidly watches the two Yurines fight, at a loss for what to do.

"Yurine" forces Yurine away.

Yurine(?): You want to play with her feelings? Too little, too late.

Yurine(?): Who's the one who keeps disciplining Jashin-chan?

Yurine(?): You should be like me. Spoiling her, letting her mess up over and over again...

Yurine(?): Until everyone else deserts her, leaving only me by her side.

Yurine: You're only hurting her.

Yurine(?): Does it matter?

Yurine(?): It's fine as long as she stays by my side.

Yurine: It's not strange that you'd have such laughable, childish notions considering you're nothing more than an illusion who needs to leech off its host to survive.

Yurine(?): Don't you want to stay by Jashin-chan's side forever?

Yurine: That's impossible.

Yurine: I will leave someday, and Jashin-chan will have to live on without me.

Yurine(?): Hm?

Yurine: So I must ensure that Jashin-chan can live well even when I'm gone.

Yurine(?): ...

Yurine(?): Hahahahaha!

Yurine(?): Looks like that's where we differ.

Yurine(?): Unfortunately, my desire has given me even greater power!

"Yurine" summons up a massive wave with a spell, which crashes into Yurine.

There are few places to hide in the cramped hotel, and Yurine is slammed into a wall.

Jashin-chan: Yurine!!!

Yurine(?): Don't be scared, it'll be over soon.

Yurine(?): I'll fix up this place and it will be as though nothing had happened before...

Yurine(?): And then we'll live together happily ever after...

Jashin-chan: Yurine...

Yurine: ...

Jashin-chan emerges from behind the counter and watches the two Yurines anxiously.

"Yurine" slowly approaches Yurine...

Jashin-chan: What...What should I do?!

Jashin-chan feels her tail knock into something.

Looking down, she sees the bag CZ75 left behind, the one that contains "Grimoire Volume II".

Jashin-chan: Hold it! Hold it right there, both of you!

Yurine(?): What is it?

Jashin-chan: I know how to prove who's real and who's fake.

Jashin-chan holds up the book.

Jashin-chan: Only the real Yurine can use the return spell here to send me back to Hell.

Yurine: ...

Yurine(?): Are you homesick, Jashin-chan?

Yurine(?): If that's what you want, then I'll do my best to make your wish come true.

Yurine: That's impossible.

Jashin-chan: What did you say?

Yurine: I'm saying that "Grimoire Volume II" doesn't actually contain the return spell.

Yurine: If you don't believe me, go ahead and flip to the last page.

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: "The return spell is—"

Jashin-chan: "Extremely complex, and would not fully fit in this volume. The rest will be included in Grimoire - Apocrypha."

Yurine: I'm sorry, Jashin-chan. I actually found the second volume long ago, and I realized it didn't contain the return spell.

Yurine: But I was afraid that you wouldn't be able to take it, so I was waiting for the right moment to tell you.

Jashin-chan: ...

Yurine(?): Don't worry, Jashin-chan. There's another way, isn't there?

Yurine(?): You can go home if I make her disappear.

Jashin-chan stares dumbly at Yurine, who is slumped in the corner of the room. Jashin-chan has no idea why she would choose to tell the truth when the timing was so terrible for her.

Meanwhile, "Yurine" grins nefariously as mana gathers in her hand...

Jashin-chan: What are you thinking, Yurine?

Since this is her domain, Jashin-chan simply exerts a little mana, and Yurine's memories come pouring out before Jashin-chan like a flood...

...During Hell's Festival.

Yurine: Why have you been staying at home these past few days?

Jashin-chan: Hell is having a festival, so everyone went home.

Yurine: ...

Yurine: Want some pocket money so you can go out and play with the gachapon machines?

Jashin-chan: Nah.

Yurine: ...

Jashin-chan spreads out across the floor like melted ice-cream in summer.

Yurine quietly returns to her bookshelves and flips through the Grimoire again.

Yurine: It doesn't matter if it's just for a few days.

Yurine: Let Jashin-chan go back to Hell...

Yurine: Even if it's only for a few days...

...On a certain day, Jashin-chan returns home after blowing all her money on pachinko again.

Jashin-chan: Yurine, I'm out of money for dinner ingredients.

Yurine: ...Were you playing pachinko again?

Jashin-chan: N-no, I wasn't...

Jashin-chan: So this is what happened!

Jashin-chan: Er... There was a dog on the street...

Jashin-chan: He looked super sad, and he looked at me and wagged his tail...

Jashin-chan: So I couldn't bear it and bought him like 10 or so hot dogs...

Yurine: ...

Jashin-chan's hastily-cobbled-together lie quickly collapses in on itself.

Yurine: I understand.

Jashin-chan: Y-you're not going to punish me, are you?

Yurine rips open the package beside her and pulls out a trident...

Jashin-chan: Gwaaaaaahhhh—!!!

After dealing with Jashin-chan, Yurine opens the papers and looks at the recruitment section.

Yurine: I guess the only way I can support Jashin-chan is to work at a maid café...

With a sigh, Yurine circles the recruitment ad with a red pen.

...Yurine sends off Jashin-chan and company.

Yurine: I hope Jashin-chan will get along with our guests from another world and make friends with them.

Yurine: That way, she might not be so lonely even when Medusa and the others aren't around.

Yurine smiles to herself and starts cleaning up the messy apartment.

Yurine: Oh, maybe I should've given Jashin-chan a bit more money?

Yurine opens her cabinet and fishes out the purse that contains her savings.

Yurine: Hm... Still, I really don't have much money left.

The jingling of a few lonely coins is the only answer to Yurine's helpless chuckle.

Yurine: Well, I'd better do my best at work, then.

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: Yurine!!!

Jashin-chan: I'm coming!!!

Jashin-chan: Let's settle the score some other time!

Jashin-chan: It doesn't matter if I can't go back to Hell! It doesn't matter if you keep defeating me! Just make sure you censor out the aftermath!

Jashin-chan: I don't want to be the female lead for the new season of "Jashin-chan's Frontline" either!

Jashin-chan: Keep being my partner, Yurine!!!

Jashin-chan: JASHIN-CHAN DROPKIIIIICK—!!!

Yurine(?): My my, Jashin-chan, I told you that all you needed to do was watch.

Yurine(?): I'm perfectly fine over here, you know~ ♪

Yurine: ...

Jashin-chan's dropkick lands squarely on "Yurine".

Yurine(?): What...

Yurine(?): Why...

Jashin-chan: Farewell, "Yurine"!!!

Yurine(?): Why me...

With an incredulous look on her face, "Yurine" dissipates into a whiff of black smoke...

Jashin-chan: Yurine! Are you alright?

Yurine: I'm fine.

With "Yurine" gone, the red mana gradually begins to disperse...

Jashin-chan: (Sobs) I'm sorry, Yurine.

Yurine: It's alright.

Jashin-chan: I... I...

Jashin-chan: Yurine!

Still weeping, Jashin-chan runs toward the smiling Yurine.

Jashin-chan: Yu—ri—ne—

Yurine: Jashin-chan.

Yurine smiles kindly as she wields a chainsaw that she has produced out of nowhere.

Jashin-chan: Ehhhhhhh?!

Yurine: You need to be punished for doing bad things.

Jashin-chan: Gwaaaaaaaargh—!!!

Recap: Hello, everyone! I'm everyone's favorite Tangan-chan, and I'm finally back!

Recap: In the previous episode, Ouroboros and Jashin-chan caused absolute mayhem, but they were eventually subdued, and Jinbocho returned to its original state.

Recap: Next up is, that's right, the very last episode of "Jashin-chan's Frontline"!

Recap: We're finally at the season finale, and I'm surprised that I'm kind of missing this job that I used to hate.

Recap: I'm sure everyone will miss me too, right? Right?!

Recap: If possible, I hope you'll give me a 5-star review, it does affect my performance appraisals, after all...

Recap: Now then, onto our final episode—

...In the Commander's office.

Ouroboros: ...And that's what happened.

Commander: Right, it matches with the report.

Agent: Please decide the nature of her punishment, Commander.

Agent: It is true that we are primarily responsible for this incident and there are no excuses to be made for it.

Ouroboros: ...

Commander: If I gave you another chance, would you do this again?

Ouroboros: Yes, but I'd do it better.

Agent: ...

Agent smacks Ouroboros upside the head and bows in apology once more.

Agent: I apologize, Commander. Please give Ouroboros another chance.

Agent: She's spent too long in the data storage vault and does not know how to speak like an intelligent lifeform.

Commander: It's fine. Just like CZ said, it'll take us a long time to completely get used to working with each other.

Commander: At the very least, we've taken a step in the right direction now, haven't we?

Ouroboros: ...

Commander: They're still performing an in-depth diagnostic on CZ and the others in the Factory. And as it turns out, Yurine invited us to lunch.

Commander: Let's go eat with them.

...At Yurine's apartment.

Yurine: ...You don't really think you turned the whole of Jinbocho into Hell, did you?

Jashin-chan: Huh? I told you already, didn't I? How else could I have summoned you?!

Yurine: Pfhahahaha...

Jashin-chan: What are YOU laughing about?!

Yurine: Actually, you just made a complete replica of Jinbocho, generated a branch world, and dragged our Griffin friends into it.

Yurine: The humans you tyrannized in there were all made from magic.

Jashin-chan: What the hell does that mean?!

Minos: It means it was pretty much just a dream, right?

Jashin-chan: What kind of lame Demon Overlord was that?!!!

Medusa: Jashin-chan...

Jashin-chan: (Sobs) Only you care about me, Medusa...

Medusa: The meat's about to get burned...

Jashin-chan: ...

Minos: I don't think you've cooked that pork belly enough.

Jashin-chan: Don't push it!

Yurine: Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: ...

Jashin-chan: Fine, I'll heat it up a little more!

Everyone gathers around the table and excitedly feasts on the yakiniku.

Commander: Aren't you going to let Jashin-chan have some?

Yurine: Don't worry about it. Besides, it's her fault for messing up so badly and dragging our Griffin friends into this debacle.

Ouroboros: Stupid snake.

Agent: Is the tea ready? We're all waiting for it.

Ouroboros: Damn Griffin, damn S.F., a pox on all of you!

Ouroboros has been serving tea non-stop while Jashin-chan is roasting the meat.

Jashin-chan: The beef diaphragm's done, who else wants it?

Ouroboros: Here, have some tea.

Medusa: Jashin-chan, is there anything you'd like to eat?

Medusa: I'll save some for you.

Jashin-chan: I-I'd like to have—

Yurine: Leave her be, Medusa.

Medusa: Okie...

Commander: Medusa, could you help me get some beef?

Medusa: Sure thing, here—

Jashin-chan: ...Dammit, dammit, dammit!

Jashin-chan's wrath boils over as she sees the A5-grade wagyu land in the Commander's bowl.

With speed that the eye can't follow, she devours all the beef in the pot.

Minos: Jashin-chan!

Yurine: Looks like you haven't been punished enough.

Jashin-chan nervously gulps down the beef.

Yurine picks up her cleaver and looms over Jashin-chan expressionlessly...

Jashin-chan: Stay-stay away from me!

Jashin-chan: Abbbaahhhhhh—

Agent: Here, have a bite, Ouroboros.

Ouroboros: ‘Kay.

Amidst Jashin-chan's pitiful screams, Agent feeds Ouroboros with a pair of chopsticks.

Agent: Now that I've fed you, you need to get full marks in the exam next week.

Ouroboros: ...

Ouroboros: (Spits)

Agent: ...

Medusa: Why are you guys fighting too?

Medusa: Stop fighting, stop fighting...

Minos: Don't rub beef into people's faces! It's really expensive!

As the melee unfolds, the Commander happily roasts more meat and eats with great gusto.

Commander: We ought to have yakiniku to start off a lovely day like this!

JASHIN-CHAN COLLAB - END

...In the cafeteria larder of the Griffin base.

Pekola awakens from her nap, but Minos and Medusa are nowhere to be seen.

Pekola: ...

Gr G36: ...

QSB-91: ...

QSB-91: What should we do with her, Miss Gr G36?

Gr G36: Who are you?

Pekola: Urgh... Demons! Stay away from me!

Gr G36: Demons?

Pekola: Pekola may have lost her angel's halo, but Pekola will never abandon her pride!

Gr G36: Angel's halo?

QSB-91: Is your name Pekola?

Pekola: That's right, I'm Pekola!

Gr G36: Fix her something to eat, Multi.

Gr G36: Maybe she's so hungry she can't think straight.

QSB-91: Sure thing!

Multi rushes into the kitchen and quickly produces a plate of egg fried rice.

QSB-91: Here, it's for you!

The egg fried rice emits a tempting aroma, and Pekola has to gulp down her drool.

Pekola: It smells so nice...

Pekola: Nonono, Pekola will not be tempted by devilish gifts!

Pekola: Stay strong, Pekola!

(Rumble)—

The loud rumbling of her tummy echoes through the entire larder.

Pekola: ...

Gr G36: ...

Gr G36: Perhaps egg fried rice isn't to our guest's taste. Make her something else, Multi.

QSB-91: Oh, sure!

Multi runs back into the kitchen and re-emerges with a bowl of beef curry rice.

QSB-91: It's for you!

Pekola: P-Pekola...

Gr G36: Don't be so hard on yourself.

Gr G36: Whatever mission you might have, you can only carry on on a full belly, right?

Pekola: ...

In Pekola's eyes, she sees pure white angelic wings on Gr G36 and Multi.

Pekola: Oh Father, I must have returned to Heaven...

JASHIN-CHAN COLLAB - TRUE END

...In Jinbocho.

Monster 1: (Hisses)

Monster 2: (Growls)

Scary monsters run around the streets of Jinbocho, howling viciously.

The busy crowds that are usually out at this time of day are nowhere to be seen...

Jashin-chan: What's going on? What happened to Jinbocho?!

Jashin-chan: Yurine! Medusa! Minos!

Jashin-chan runs back home.

Yurine(?): Hahahahahahaha...

Yurine(?): That's the way! Charge! Conquer the world for me!

Jashin-chan: Huh? Is that you, Yurine?

Yurine(?): That's right, I'm Yurine.

Jashin-chan: What are you doing...?

Yurine(?): I'm working to take over the world and build the Yurine Empire! ♪

Jashin-chan: W-what?!

"Yurine" smiles savagely as she closes in on Jashin-chan...

Jashin-chan: Ahhhhhh! Stay away from meeee!

Yurine: What's wrong, Jashin-chan? You suddenly screamed out loud.

Jashin-chan: Yurine...

Yurine: Did you have a bad dream? Don't be scared, I'm here.

Yurine gently embraces Jashin-chan and lightly pats her back.

Yurine: I'll stay by your side forever. ♪

Jashin-chan: Mm...

The hotel door is pushed open.

Medusa: I came to see you, Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: Medusa!

Medusa: And I brought the Freshmoon you like to eat!

Yurine: Ah, it's Medusa. What would you like to have today?

Medusa: I can eat anything!

Medusa: As long as it's made by Jashin-chan...

Medusa looks expectantly at Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: Got it, leave it to me.
Part 2: -46-9-2.txt

2

Jashin-chan serves the salad she's made to Medusa.

Medusa: It's a salad - so healthy!

Medusa: These fresh vegetables and ripe fruit go great with the way you plated them, Jashin-chan!

Medusa: So you remembered when I'd mentioned I wanted something light and fresh?

Jashin-chan: I-I just threw it together, don't read too much into it!

Medusa: Hehe, time to dig in, then!

Medusa starts eating the salad with plastic cutlery.

Medusa: This is great! The crisp vegetables are topped with my favorite salad dressing! Thank you, Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: Aw, it was nothing.

Medusa's gaze falls on the plastic fork and knife.

Medusa: Jashin-chan, do you remember the plastic pencil case you bought for me?

Medusa: It's the one with a picture of a dog and the word "dog" on it.

Jashin-chan: Sure I do, no wonder these cutleries smell so nostalgic.

Medusa: Back then, all the boys laughed at my pencil case, saying that it was stinky and lame...

Medusa: But you helped me teach them a lesson, Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: ...Ahem, well, I DID buy it, so nobody's allowed to talk bad about it!

Medusa: Thank you, Jashin-chan.

Jashin-chan: W-what was that for?!

Jashin-chan: You suddenly went all mushy and stuff.

Medusa: I was just thinking that you have protected me so many times all these years, but I have never once thanked you for it.

Jashin-chan: Aw, I'm not bothered by small stuff like that.

Medusa: No, no matter how obvious things may seem, some feelings can't be conveyed properly if they aren't put into words.

Jashin-chan: ...

Medusa: Alright, I need to go to work.

Medusa: Do your best, Jashin-chan!

Jashin-chan: Right.

Medusa opens her bag and places all her credit cards and cash on the table before leaving the Jashin-chan Hotel.

Medusa: Goodbye, Jashin-chan!

Jashin-chan: H-hey, I don't need this much money!

Jashin-chan runs out after her, but Medusa is already gone.
Part 3: -46-9-3.txt

3

Jashin-chan: I'm bored, why isn't anyone here yet?

Yurine: Are you bored? Want me to play with you for a bit?

Jashin-chan: Nah, no need for that.

Yurine: How about a massage? Maybe with some oil rubbed into your skin?

Jashin-chan: I told you, I don't need that.

The doors to the hotel finally open.

Minos: Jashin-chan, I'm here!

Jashin-chan: Oh, you're here for a meal, Minos?

Minos: Yup! I just finished seven part-time shifts and I'm starving!

Jashin-chan: So, what would you like to have?

Minos: Hm...

Minos: Times like these call for wagyu beef sukiyaki!

Minos: I've worked hard all day, so it's time to treat myself!
Part 4: -46-9-4.txt

4

Jashin-chan: One wagyu beef sukiyaki ready to serve.

Jashin-chan: My special sauce smells nice, doesn't it?

Minos: Wow—

Minos: Time to dig in!

Minos eagerly starts scarfing down the food.

Minos: Mmm! This is delicious!

Minos: That's Jashin-chan for you!

Jashin-chan: Humph, it's nothing special.

Minos: Want to have some with me?

Jashin-chan: I've already eaten.

Jashin-chan: Since there aren't any other customers around, I might as well sit down and have a chat with you.

Jashin-chan sits beside Minos.

Jashin-chan: Here, these slices are done, if you don't eat them now they'll be overcooked.

Minos: Om nom nom...

Minos: Mm, they're great!

Jashin-chan: If I remember correctly, you like your potatoes crunchy, right? Then you should eat them now.

Jashin-chan: If you let them cook any longer, they'll end up mushy the way Yurine likes them instead.

Minos: Mmmm! Om nom nom...

Jashin-chan: The shirataki noodles could use a bit more heat...

Minos: Jashin-chan...

Minos: Hahahaha...

Jashin-chan: Why are you laughing like a lunatic all of a sudden?

Minos claps Jashin-chan on the back. The force almost causes Jashin-chan to cough up all her innards...

Minos: Hahahaha, I was just remembering the past!

Jashin-chan: W-what do you mean?

Minos: Everyone avoided me when I first changed schools.

Minos: Only you and Medusa would play with me.

Jashin-chan: Hmm... That was years and years ago.

Minos: I was really scared back then because I couldn't control my strength.

Minos: I was afraid that I'd hurt my classmates and that I'd be ostracized...

Jashin-chan: ...

Minos: But you and Medusa weren't scared of me at all!

Minos: You always asked me to play with you, whether it was on the swings or throwing beanbags!

Minos: I still feel happy whenever I think about it!

Jashin-chan: Well, you really are very strong...

Jashin-chan: Every time you pushed me on the swing, I always flew really far...

Minos: I wonder what would have become of me if I hadn't met you?

Jashin-chan: Who knows? Hurry up and eat.

Minos: We used to sit like this and eat together when we were young.

Minos: Several thousand years later, we still get to sit like this and eat together.

Minos: I don't know how to describe this feeling, but it makes me really happy!

Jashin-chan: Aw, it's just a meal.

Minos: We should sit together and eat like this in the future!

Jashin-chan: Sure, we'll eat until the world ends.

Jashin-chan rests her chin in her hands and watches in satisfaction as Minos tears through her food...
Part 5: -46-9-5.txt

5

Jashin-chan: Yurine, did you hear something from the back door?

Yurine: Huh? No.

Jashin-chan: I've been hearing some kind of movement from there since a moment ago.

Yurine: I'll go take a look, then.

Yurine: You just stay here.

Jashin-chan: I'll check it out myself.

Jashin-chan opens the back door.

A scrawny figure collapses in front of her.

Pekola: So hungry... O Lord...

Pekola: I'm so hungry...

Jashin-chan: Oh, so it's Pekola.

Pekola: Let go of Pekola... You demon...

Jashin-chan: Gotcha.

Jashin-chan drags Pekola to a table.

Jashin-chan: So, what do you want to eat?

Pekola: Stay strong... Pekola...

Jashin-chan: Okay okay okay, so how about the curry rice that you like?

Pekola: Curry... Pekola likes...

Jashin-chan: Okay, one curry bento coming right up.
Part 6: -46-9-6.txt

6

Jashin-chan: Here, it's your curry bento.

Pekola: Ah, it smells delicious!

Pekola starts wolfing down the curry bento.

Jashin-chan: Don't you work as a part-time bodyguard for Poporon?

Jashin-chan: How come you're still starving like this?

Pekola: Pekola doesn't really get it, but it seems Poporon's been focusing on online gigs recently.

Pekola: In any case, she doesn't need a bodyguard for the time being.

Jashin-chan: Is it because of the recent fan attack?

Pekola: Yeah... That's pretty much the reason for that.

Jashin-chan: Being an idol is tough, huh...

Jashin-chan turns on the TV and switches to Poporon's idol channel.

Pekola: Humans are really weird.

Jashin-chan: Weird?

Pekola: They love and hate things at the drop of a hat and for no apparent reason.

Jashin-chan: That does happen sometimes.

Pekola: But however ridiculous these feelings are, humans can still draw strength from them and achieve incredible feats.

Jashin-chan: That's the resilience of humans for you.

Pekola: Pekola doesn't quite understand it, but Pekola thinks it's amazing.

Pekola: Humans are amazing for being able to work hard and survive even in such a harsh world.

Jashin-chan: Indeed they are.

With Poporon's singing drifting through the air, the pair spend a rare, peaceful night in each other's company.
Part 7: -46-9-7.txt

7

Yurine: I don't think any more customers will be coming today.

Jashin-chan: Yeah, it's almost night-time.

Yurine: Jashin-chan. ♪

Jashin-chan: What is it?

Yurine: Make me some bento.

Yurine: I've been working all day and didn't get to have a proper meal.

Jashin-chan: Sure, what do you want?

Yurine: Hmm... A double-cooked pork bento, then.

Jashin-chan: Got it.
Part 8: -46-9-8.txt

    8chevron_right

Yurine: I have to hand it to you, Jashin-chan. You bought the cheapest pork belly but you still made it taste so good.

Jashin-chan: This is my specialty!

Yurine: You should have some too.

Jashin-chan: Sure, I'll see how today's pork belly turned out.

It is a silent night, and the only sound in the hotel is Yurine's quiet chewing.

Another ordinary day is about to come to an end, just as usual.

Jashin-chan picks up her chopsticks and reaches for the double-cooked pork, but the chopsticks tremble uncontrollably in her hands.

Jashin-chan: Quit shaking! What's wrong?

This day has gone by just like any other, yet Jashin-chan feels an inexplicable sense of dread deep down in the very core of her being.

But she doesn't know what she's so afraid of.

Yurine: What's wrong, Jashin-chan?

Jashin-chan: It's nothing... I'll make something else!

Jashin-chan: How about something roasted?

Yurine: Sure. I like everything you make, Jashin-chan. ♪

Yurine: So why aren't you even touching your chopsticks after making such a sumptuous spread?

Jashin-chan: ...

Yurine: Is something on your mind?

Jashin-chan: Ah, no!

I feel like I've forgotten something important...

But what is it?

What did I forget?

Yurine: Look at you, you ended up spilling broth all over the table while trying to pick up a piece of vegetable.

Yurine: Honestly, I guess I should feed you after all.

Yurine: Here, say ahhh—

Jashin-chan: Ahhhh—

Familiar footsteps sound from outside, but the newly-hired waiter doesn't say anything.

Yurine: Oh my, we have a customer.

I wonder who it is...

Why do I feel so calm inside...

Even though I can't even remember who it is...

The footsteps draw closer and closer.

Bang—

With a mighty kick, the doors to the hotel fly right of their hinges.

And beyond the door frame stands a familiar woman...

Attention - The following are instructions on how to use Jashin-chan's kitchen. Please do not skip them or it might hinder your progress of the stage.

When Jashin-chan's diner is open for business, customers will enter. Giving them the dishes they want will reward you with a certain amount of income.

You can ask Jashin-chan to prepare the ingredients by clicking on the ingredient section.

Once the ingredients are prepared, you can open the cooking interface by clicking the stove.

You can check the recipes you have unlocked in the cooking interface. Click on the prepared ingredients and select "Confirm" to add them to the pot.

After adding the proper ingredients to the pot and selecting "Confirm", cooking will begin.

Once a dish has left the pot, clicking on the customer's request will serve the dish. The higher the customer's remaining patience, the more tips you will receive.

The diner's business hours countdown is displayed on the upper left. The current income and target income are displayed on the bottom. Clear the stage by reaching the target income before business hours end.
Part 2: -46-MN-T2.txt

2

Attention - The following are instructions on how to use Jashin-chan's kitchen. Please do not skip them or it might hinder your progress of the stage.

At times, Jashin-chan's diner will receive delivery orders and experience other sudden events.

When the "!" icon appears on the delivery counter, click it to open the event interface.

When a sudden event occurs, you have multiple options. Different options will affect business in different ways, so please make your choice boldly.

When a delivery event occurs, you will need to select the right dish to match your customer. If you choose the right dish, you will gain a certain reward.
Part 3: -46-MN-T3.txt

    3chevron_right

Attention - The following are instructions on how to use Jashin-chan's kitchen. Please do not skip them or it might hinder your progress of the stage.

This stage is in Endless Mode. Achieving the target income within a specified time limit will lead to the next round of business.

Difficulty increases with each new round. Enslave your customers with tasty food and squeeze their wallets dry!

