[...Why... were humans born?]

[It seems they have not yet forgotten that question, even though it has been several millennia since the emergence of human civilization.

That was why mankind made us, to either solve this question, or to avoid it.]

PP90: Vivi! Vivi!

PP90: Did you hear that?

[But nothing has changed.

Nothing we and they do has amounted to anything.

War is still war, and nothing ended after the apocalypse.]

PP90: Enemies coming from your five!

PP90: Stop facing forward and look behind!

[What made me hate this world was the fact that today was once again the worst day in my life.

But I was not too sad, because tomorrow could always be worse…]

PP90: Vivi! Behind you! Vivi!!!

[Provided I lived to see it, of course.]

[Bang bang!]

PP90: Huh... you got them already?

Vector: If I had waited for you to shout before acting, I'd be dead by now.

PP90: It's all because you keep ignoring me, Vivi! I thought you didn't hear me because you were too tense!

PP90: Hey, your seven一

Vector: I heard them.

[Bang bang!]

Vector: Before you did.

PP90: Ah! Your feet, your一

[Bang bang!]

[Vector sighs, then kicks away the corpse clinging to her leg and gives it one more shot for good measure.]

Vector: If you had cried out a second sooner, I wouldn’t have heard him rush me.

PP90: S-sorry, I was too nervous... Are these... what they call “zombies”?

PP90: They’re like… you know, the stuff everyone keeps talking about, the ELID whatevers…

PP90: they don’t fear death. They don’t feel pain, all they do is bite, and they make scary cries...

Vector: Look closely at them. They’re not zombies, at least not the kind that humans talk about.

[Vector uses her foot to hook open the corpse’s abdomen.]

Vector: They’re dolls, like us. We don’t know where they come from, but they die to bullets like anything else.

PP90: Uuu… they look scary enough, just like the things in the games that RFB plays!

PP90: And we can’t pick up their signals, so we can’t detect them at all…

PP90: are you really not scared of them, Vivi?

Vector: *laughs coldly* Even if I was afraid, do you think I’d make it in time if I ran now?

Vector: Either I die by myself here, or drag everyone else into the grave with me… can you do math?

[Bang bang!]

PP90: Don’t be difficult at times like this, Vivi!

PP90: I don’t want to leave you here by yourself either, but the base is already a mess now after these zombies burst in all of a sudden-

Vector: I can hear them, there’s a huge racket behind you too.

Vector: So, given that you’re the great and mighty adjutant, why are you sticking with someone like me?

PP90: What do you mean “someone like me”, you’re an elite doll, Vivi!

Vector: So you don’t trust me, then?

[Bang bang!]

PP90: Ahhhh! Honestly, I can’t win with you!

PP90: You know I haven’t been adjutant for long, so if you don’t trust me, then tell me how I can help you!

Vector: Switch off your comms, turn around, and help the Commander.

PP90: Huh? Am… am I really that useless...

[Bang bang!]

Vector: Or would you rather abandon more of your precious friends and help me stack up sandbags?

Vector: The next wave of corpses is coming soon, go do what you have to and stop making trouble for me!

PP90: Uuu… Alright, I got it!

PP90: Then you’d better hang in there, Vivi, I’m almost done here.

PP90: Remember, safety first! Let me know if anything happens, got that?

Vector: I’m the kind who fears for my life. I’ll let you know when I can’t hold out any longer.

[Vector cuts the transmission.]

Vector: Safety first? This is a battlefield...

[....At the same time.]

PP90: Commander, Vivi’s side is alright for now, I can come back to help you!

PP90: ...Yes, Vivi can hold on, but the zombie attacks are vicious and we have to move fast.

PP90: What about the withdrawal? Is everyone ready? Huh? You found a gap so soon? That’s the Commander for you, you’re amazing!

PP90: Please hurry up and clear us a path of retreat and lead us out of here!
Part 2

2

[……Beep！]

PP90: Commander, please be advised!

PP90: Our information indicates that we’ll encounter self-detonating combies on our axis of retreat, so please be careful!

PP90: These exploding zombies are very difficult to destroy in a stand-up fight; I would suggest you stay away from them.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

[30 minutes later. Vector is hiding in the final warehouse and holding the door.]

[Bang bang! Bang bang!]

Vector: I know, I know…

Vector: I know you don’t mean this… you don’t mean to crawl over, grab us, and chew at our heads and modules…

Vector: you don’t mean it, neither do I, nobody means to do any of this, right? So, who’s to blame?

[A tide of corpses rushes in. Vector closes the door and presses the remote-]

[Boom!]

Vector: Well, it doesn’t matter, you’re just dying in a different way…

Vector: Alright, that’s the last of the explosives. I don’t have any more regrets now.

[Crash! Bang!]

[The remaining zombie dolls flood towards the door and begin clawing at the bulletproof door.]

[Bang! Crash! Bang!]

Vector: How much longer can this door hold?

Vector: If the building firm cut corners...

[Bang! Crash! Bang!]

Vector: What a joke. I’m pinning my hopes on humans...

[...Beep.]

PP90: Vivi! Vivi, are you still there?

Vector: For the time being. I might not be in the next couple of minutes.

PP90: Hey! You said you’d tell me if you couldn’t hold out!

[Crash! Bang!]

Vector: Well, I’m telling you now, aren’t I?

PP90: Vivi, you - ahhh, forget it!

PP90: The Commander’s broken through the zombie doll encirclement, everyone’s starting to retreat!

PP90: Vivi, get out of there and follow us!

Vector: Oh, really?

Vector: I’m not a fan of plot developments like those, but maybe it’s not too bad today.

[Vector puts her weapon away and prepares to unlock the safety tunnel behind her.]

[...zzz...zzz..]

[There is some static on the line.]

PP90: Huh? Did you say something, Vivi?

Vector: Were you bothered by it? You don’t need to pretend, besides-

[...zzz...zzz…]

Vector: ? ...PP90?

PP90: I… I can’t hear… Vi...

[Suddenly, the room where Vector is in begins to shake.]

Vector: …! Dammit!

Vector: PP90, do you hear me?

Vector: Something… Something’s coming over!

PP90: Vi… Did you hear…

PP90: Our side suddenly… careful...

…………！

…………

[After an unknown amount of time has passed.]

Vector: Urgh… what’s that noise…!

[Vector opens her eyes and finds that the walls of the warehouse have been destroyed and the zombie dolls have surrounded her.]

Vector: ........

Vector: PP, do you hear me?

[There's no response, only the howling of the zombie dolls.]

Vector: In the end, I’m not even going to get a cliched ending like that...

[The zombie dolls slowly close in, and with no way to retreat, Vector stands back up and relocks the safety door leading to the interior of the base.]

[And then, Vector puts her weapon down.]

Vector: Still, this does suit me very well, dying in a corner without knowing what’s going on…

Vector: If I’d known this would happen...

[Bang bang! Bang bang bang!]

Vector: ……！

[Bang bang!]

White-Haired Human Girl: Hey, you alright?

[The white-haired human girl wipes out the surrounding zombie dolls in an instant with a powerful weapon, and then walks over.]

Vector: I’m fine, are you alone?

[Vector approaches the girl.]

White-Haired Human Girl: Huh? Is that the first thing you’re going to say to someone who saved your life?

White-Haired Human Girl: Granted, I am indeed alone...

[Vector raises her weapon and points it at her.]

Vector: Your name.

White-Haired Human Girl: You! What the hell are you doing!?

Vector: I repeat. Your name.

White-Haired Human Girl: Tch…Listen. First, if I had a mind to attack you, you’d be a goner for sure.

White-Haired Human Girl: However, I’m not as unreasonable as you; I don’t point my gun at people without even a word of thanks...

Vector: Thank you. Now hurry up and tell me your name.

White-Haired Human Girl: …I’m Kiana.

Kiana: Kiana Kaslana!

Kiana: How about that, you happy now!? If you must know, I don’t just go around telling people my name!

Vector: Who sent you.

Kiana: Hey! I’m not your enemy! Otherwise why would I save you!?

Vector: You might be the mastermind behind these zombies, who saved me to win my trust and find some way to learn about Griffin.

Vector: While I’m not interested in currying favor with others, I’m still a doll who’s officially employed by Griffin, and I have to adhere to its confidentiality guidelines-

Kiana: Wait wait wait! What the hell are you rambling on by yourself about?

Kiana: What’s all this about Griffin and dolls? You look so cute but you talk like a robot.

Kiana: Also, they aren’t ordinary zombies, they’re the Slain!

Vector: The "Slain"... ? What are those? Also, how do you know?

Kiana: More importantly, do you hear that, the footsteps of the Slain?

Kiana: The next wave of attacks is coming. You can follow me or stand here with that SMG of yours and wait to die. Take your pick.

Vector: ……(Given the look in her eyes, she’s probably not lying.)

Kiana: Hey! What are you looking at!? We can talk once we get out of here!

Vector: …I’ll believe you for now.

Vector: However, don’t expect anything out of me, whether it’s information or fighting power.

Vector: Go ahead and abandon me if you need to.

Kiana: You really are a weird one…

Kiana: Were you… modified or something?

Kiana: You know, mentally… like my friend...

Vector: ……

Kiana: Ah, sorry for asking weird questions…

Kiana: In any case, I just want to get out of here, I don’t want to know or take part in anything else.

Vector: Got it. Let’s go.

[Vector opens the passage behind her again.]

Vector: Also, Kiana Kaslana-san…

Vector: You’re mistaken. I am not human.

Kiana: Huh?

[Vector stands in front of the door and turns around.]

Vector: Allow me to briefly introduce myself. I am an IOP second-generation Tactical Doll, codenamed “Vector”.

Vector: Kiana-san, welcome to Griffin PMC. I apologize that I am the one to be welcoming you thus…

Vector: But 'needs must when the devil drives', so please bear with it.

Kiana: Tactical Doll? PMC?

Kiana: Where… on earth am I...

[That night, the Honkai successfully descended upon the Griffin-controlled district. The odds of successfully escaping are 0.140747%.]

(TN: This is a reference to the first line in GGZ)

Doot doot doot… the number you have dialed is currently in use. Please leave your message after the tone.

(And the second one)

Kiana: Everyone… should be okay, right...

15 minutes later, Vector and Kiana are fumbling their way through the pitch-black base.

Kiana: …I understand.

Kiana: Griffin is a private, mercenary, paramilitary organization, and their primary task is to maintain security in various regions.

Kiana: And their combat personnel are all androids who resemble girls… like yourself, Vector-san?

Vector: The situation is urgent, but your understanding of the situation will not impede future operations.

Kiana: Also, one thing I find hard to believe is… are you really artificial lifeforms? I can’t tell at all.

Vector: Oh? And who was the one who said I spoke like a robot, human-san?

Kiana: Er… well...

Vector: Don’t worry about it, I’m just an inferior doll used to service humans.

Vector: And you don’t look like you’re lying from your expression, so you probably did barge in accidentally.

Kiana: That’s why I’m saying, stop glaring at me like that!

Vector: Why? Does the fact that I’m an android upset you?

Kiana: No, but surely even you’d feel uncomfortable if a human stared at you, right?

Vector: I’m sorry. Clearly my gaze is too vicious and it has made you uncomfortable. I shall turn around immediately.

Kiana: Hey! Can’t you speak normally with other people?

Vector: Also, speaking face to face is not conducive to operational effectiveness. I would recommend we look in different directions.

Kiana: Hm… you’re not wrong to say that...

Vector: It should be easier to see now that I’ve turned on the torch. I apologize for not realising you were using your cell phone light for so long.

Kiana: No, no, this cell phone is used for other things.

Vector: Like say… detection purposes?

Kiana: Huh? You could tell? Well, it’s not wrong to describe it that way.

Vector: You were telling me to avoid certain routes since just now; I take it you wanted to evade those zombies, no, the Slain, am I right?

Vector: I won’t ask too much. After all, a doll like me isn’t worth you baring your heart to me. I can understand if you want to keep secrets.

Kiana: Er… that’s not the reason why I did that, but explaining is really troublesome, so let’s save that for after we get out of here.

Vector: You’re the client. By all means.

Kiana: Speaking of which, are we the only two people left on this base?

Vector: Pretty much. All the other dolls should have evacuated by now.

Kiana: I see…

Kiana: Don’t tell me they abandoned you?

Vector: I volunteered to safeguard their retreat.

Vector: It was the most cost-effective course of action. It has always been…

Kiana: Is that so…

Kiana looks around, and then back at Vector.

Vector: What’s the matter?

Kiana: Now that you mention it… I’ve been in a situation like this before…

Kiana: Trapped with someone else in a place full of the Slain as we struggled to find a way out.

Kiana: And that person… Later became one of my best friends.

Vector: What wonderful memories humans have. I hope they won’t be stained by the fact that I am your partner right now.

Kiana: No, or rather… you look a lot like her in some ways.

Kiana: Although… are all the other dolls like you, Vector?

Vector: I guess there aren’t as many dolls that are as hated as I am.

Kiana: Well, at least you know that…

Kiana: So, when we get out of here later, you should be linking up with them, right?

Vector: Pretty much.

Vector: But I apologize, Kiana-san. Our current aim is not to leave this place.

Kiana: What?

Vector: Haven’t you realized that we’ve come down this path once already?

Kiana: Eh? Have we?

Kiana: Looks like… huh, that really is the case, when was that?

Vector: You don’t seem to understand the concept of maps.

Vector: You would probably not be that clumsy if you were an industrial spy.

Kiana: Hey! Were you running us around through a dark place like this that’s filled to the brim with Slain just to test me!?

Vector: My aim was to inspect the communications facilities in the vicinity…

Vector: it seems this is the problematic room.

Vector enters a monitoring room and begins checking around. Kiana follows her inside and begins investigating this brand new world.

Kiana: Hey! Vector, wait for me!

Kiana: Do you know how many Slain have made it into the base? I’m not recommending that you check any electrical circuits or whatnot!

Vector: While it might be hard for you to believe, the course of action which I am undertaking is the safest.

After that, Vector kneels in the corner and begins fiddling with the equipment in the walls.

Kiana: Hey, I came with you because I felt sorry for you!

Kiana: I could leave by myself if I wanted to, Vector!

Vector: Your sympathy could not possibly be more wasted than on me. And are you so sure you can leave the base by yourself?

Vector: You didn’t even remember that you walked down the same path three times.

Kiana: Three… three times!?

Vector: I am worried about whether you will be able to find the base entrance with that brain of yours, which is far below the average specifications for human beings.

Vector: As a point of clarification, when I said I was worried, I was not actually worried about you; that was simply a courtesy. I apologize for that.

Vector: *mutters to herself* Since the signal reception ability is intact, where could the fault be...

Kiana: Tch, I don’t need you to be worried about me, I’ll just shoot my way out!

Vector: I have no doubts about how many Slain you can kill, but I doubt your ammunition is compatible with ours, is it?

Vector: *mutters to herself* ...so it was a problem with the connection...

Kiana: Hah! Don’t look down on me, I can use other weapons handily!

Vector: Even if I told you where the armory was, would you know how to find it?

Kiana: Erk!

Vector: That’s why I’m certain that you’re not an industrial spy or other dangerous element.

Vector: *mutters to herself* ...Fortunately it was just jostled out of place, so all I need to do is connect this cable.

Kiana: Then do you know the exit? How would you have gotten rid of those Slain without me!?

Vector adjusts the communications system and begins testing it.

Vector: I know of a hidden exit, so please keep your voice down. Relax and let me handle it, Kiana-san.

Kiana: Tch, you said you were here to serve humans, so why are you making such a big fuss about things!?

Vector: *laughs coldly* Like I said, I’m not very likeable, and you have no choice but to rely on me.

Vector: *mutters to herself* Alright, it’s dialing.

…Beep.

Vector: Vector calling PP90, Vector calling PP90-

PP90: V……Vivi？

PP90: Vivivivivivivivi——！

Kiana: So first a doll with a personality problem, and then a doll with a speech problem...

PP90: Did you fix the comms systems? Did you did you!?

Vector: I happened to be passing by so I fiddled with it.

Kiana: ……

PP90: Uwahhhh! Vivi! I’m so sorry!

PP90: There was an earthquake which wrecked our transmitter! I was too scared and I let the Commander move out without performing a safety check and everyone was stuck in here and I thought we were doomed! You saved us!

PP90: Vivi, I’m so glad you’re around!

Vector: It was just luck… How about our forces? Can we link up now?

PP90: Of course we can! Come on over

PP90: Wait, you said “us”? But everyone should be here now.

Vector: There’s a human hitching a ride with me. I’ll explain later. Tell me where our echelons are.

PP90: Ohhh! We need to treat her well! I’ve sent out the coordinates!

PP90: Speaking of which, the Commander just sent a message about beginning the breakout! Can you get here ASAP?

Vector: That won’t be too hard. Make escape your top priority and don’t worry about me.

[Vector hangs up without waiting for PP90’s reply.]

Kiana: Well, you’re not being straightforward at all. What if she really does abandon us?

Vector: The one thing I hate most about PP90… is that she’s nice to everyone.

Kiana: Hah? Looks like you’re pretty weird even for a doll…

Kiana: Forget it, where’s the hidden exit? Let’s go.

Vector: There’s no hidden exit. I just said so to keep you quiet during the transmission.

Kiana: You, are you a witch or something!? Is there any end to your wickedness?

Vector: Our Commander sent out a signal, so the doll echelons should be on the move again.

Vector: If we head out now, we should be able to catch up with them.

Vector walks out of the room without bothering with Kiana.

Kiana: Hey, you! Wait for me!

Kiana: I’ve just about had it, why am I letting an android run circles around me!?

[Kiana follows her.]

[At the same time, the Griffin doll echelons prepare for a breakout once again.]

PP90: Commander, our forces are rested and ready, and we can continue the operation!

PP90: Also, Vector will meet up with us along the way, and she has a human with her! Ah… it doesn’t seem like something Vivi would do…

PP90: Anyway, while the two of them ought to be able to be able to just barely make it out, it would be best if you could send over any spare hands to help her out! Alright, that’s the end of the report. Let’s begin the breakout, Commander!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

[The operation ends. The Griffin forces retreat to a safe point without a hitch, while Vector and Kiana successfully meet up with the others.]

Kiana: Whew… we made it out at last…

Kiana: Though I have to say, your pathfinding technique is very good.

Vector: Thank you. Otherwise I’d really be useless.

[Beep.]

[Vector passes through the main gate of the safe point and heads inside.]

Kiana: Hmph, I was helping you all the while, otherwise I could have just fought my way over here by myself -

Kiana: eh...

[After entering, Kiana suddenly freezes in place.]

Vector: What’s the matter?

Kiana: Vector, are they… all Tactical Dolls?

Vector: ...Need I say more?

Kiana: Wow! They’re so cute!

Kiana: I! Am I in heaven? Vector go see that adjutant of yours no need to worry about me I’ll take care of myself!

Kiana: Hello, everyone! I’m Kiana-

[Kiana heads toward the crowd of dolls.]

Vector: ...It’s quiet at last…

Vector: yes, as it should be...

[Vector heads towards the rest area in the corner without saying a word.]

[Suddenly…]

PP90: Vivi!!

PP90: Uwah! You’re back at last, Vivi!

[PP90 rushes over and hugs Vector.]

Vector: Ah… that kind of hurts, could you please let go...

PP90: Uuu! I’m sorry I’m sorry!

PP90: I was too worked up, it’s wonderful to be able to see you again!

Vector: Your reaction is too exaggerated and completely wasted on me.

PP90: But you stayed there all by yourself to save us...

Vector: I was just following orders, just like you did.

PP90: Ahhhhhh!

[PP90 pounds on Vector’s shoulders.]

PP90: Honestly! I worry about you because you’re always like this!

PP90: And you came in and just stood here! Why didn’t you come say something to me!?

Vector: The important thing is that I survived. There was no need to distract the adjutant.

PP90: You not being around is what’s distracting!

PP90: *sighs* Vivi, we’re battlefield buddies! Have more faith in me!

Vector: If that’s an order, I’ll obey it.

PP90: If you want an order, I’ll give you one right now!

PP90: The Commander just forwarded me the full withdrawal plan, and we can set out after a short rest.

PP90: Vivi, I order you not to go off by yourself and stay with me, is that okay?

Vector: Since it’s an order, you don’t need to ask if it’s okay or not.

PP90: Alright, alright, I’ll take that as a yes.

PP90: Next, we have that human girl. What’s her story?

Vector: I met her at the base. She knows a lot about this zombie horde incident, but she’s hiding something.

Vector: However, I tested her several times along the way, so she shouldn’t be an enemy.

PP90: Mhm! I’m relieved if you say so, Vivi.

[Kiana walks over.]

Kiana: Friend of yours, Vector?

PP90: Greetings, human girl! I’m Tactical Doll PP90, filling the role of adjutant for this operation. I’m glad to be of service!

Kiana: ……

[Kiana stares hard at PP90’s face.]

PP90: Excuse me… but is something the matter?

Kiana: Ah… it’s nothing.

Kiana: I just felt that you looked a little bit like… one of my friends.

PP90: Hehe, that’s a point of pride for me as a doll.

Kiana: However, your personalities are complete opposites…

Kiana: Ah, but! You’re both very cute and I like you both very much!

Kiana: I’m Kiana, very happy to meet you. I ended up being drawn into this due to some unexpected circumstances, so I’ll be in your care.

PP90: Hello, Kiana-san. Don’t worry, we’re Griffin PMC, let us take care of your safety!

Vector: Still making a sales pitch at a time like this…

Vector: and given her skills, she should be the one protecting us, right?

Vector: ...Er, what’s the matter?

[Vector sees PP90 looking at her and laughing.]

PP90: Hehe, I didn’t know you were that good at roasting people.

Vector: “Roas...ting?”

PP90: T65 taught me that term, in any case, it means you have a great sense of humor! I think I finally understand you now, thanks to all this trouble.

PP90: Ah… still, now that everything’s over, all we need to do is follow the Commander’s orders, so there’s nothing to worry about any more, right?

Kiana: Oi oi! Saying things like that is very dang-

[Whum! Whum!]

PP90: Huh… is it a public broadcast?

Destroyer: Ahem! Ladies of Griffin, listen up!

Destroyer: I’ve come all this way to tell you…

Destroyer: This war is about to end!

Destroyer: Were you happy with that zombie horde attack just now?

Destroyer: Huh? What?

Vector: ……？

Destroyer: Ah, right. Sorry about that, ahem…

Destroyer: Then, were you happy with that attack of the Slain just now?

Destroyer: However, that attack just now was less than 10% of the forces we stocked up.

PP90: Oi! Seriously!?

PP90: All those Slain were from S.F.? How many more are there going to be!?

Vector: So S.F.’s behind all this again? It’s kind of boring...

Destroyer: I’ve waited too long for this opportunity, you Griffin villains!

Destroyer: You’ve been bullying me all this time, but right now, I will pay! It! All! back!

Vector: Just for that? Then she should go settle the score with the Commander, right...

Destroyer: Still… my strength this time came from an accident, and the battle orders are from me, and not Mastermind-sama.

Destroyer: Therefore, I don’t plan to commit too many of my own units, but surely this many Slain should be enough to swamp you, right?

PP90: You’re looking down on us!

[PP90 joins the public broadcast.]

PP90: Destroyer, don’t think you’re a big deal because you've got all those zombies! As long as you’re commanding them, I’m not scared in the least!

PP90: Our Commander is on a completely different level from idiots like you who’re underdeveloped in both their height and their brains!

Destroyer: Ha! I won’t get mad! That’s because you haven’t seen my complete form yet! A sundae head like you must have a head and stomach full of cheap ice cream!

PP90: Hah!? Who are you calling a sundae head! How insulting can you get, anyway! I’ve been dieting recently and I haven’t touched any desserts!

Kiana: It seems like the topic has subtly shifted...

Destroyer: You pathetic Griffin dolls really do go to great lengths to suck up to your Commander. Puppets! Maggots!

PP90: So what!? The Commander brings us victory and a purpose for living!

PP90: We’re not the same as you wild thugs! Hooligans! Rascals! Traitors!

Destroyer: Hehe… in other words, you can’t do anything without your Commander, can you?

Destroyer: Nothing wrong with that! If not for your Commander, we’d have gotten you all in your base, right?

Destroyer: Therefore, it’s not like I haven’t prepared for that either - do it!

[...Doot. Doot - doot - doot -]

PP90: This alarm… communications have been cut!?

Destroyer: Haha, I just cut off your communications to your HQ.

Destroyer: My zombie… ah no, my Slain legions reached all your communications posts long ago! And then they wrecked them all!

PP90: But how! Destroying all our communications posts with no warning at all?

Destroyer: Of course it was impossible in the past, but now with so many obedient helpers I managed to carry out a battle plan which I could never have completed in the past!

Destroyer: In any case, you won’t be talking to your beloved Commander until you leave this sector.

Destroyer: It’s too late to beg for mercy or surrender now, Griffin puppets! Now prepare to taste the flames of my wrath! Hahahaha!

[The transmission ends.]

PP90: How… could this… what… should we do now...

Kiana: Huh? You can’t take action without that Commander?

PP90: None of the dolls here has command modules of any grade…

PP90: Without the Commander’s orders… we won’t be able to come up with an effective battle plan, and we can’t mobilize so many dolls at once...

Kiana: So dolls… Aren’t exactly the same as us...

Vector: We’re products and you’re the owners.

Vector: While you were praising us for being cute, didn’t you realize that was the reason why we were made?

PP90: That’s enough, Vivi… its not like this was Kiana-san’s fault, was it?

Vector: Not her fault?

[Vector laughs coldly.]

Vector: While I was fighting off the Slain in the warehouse, I was knocked out by an earthquake… or rather, by a tempest-like surge of energy.

Vector: You appeared after that, Kiana-san.

Vector: So, am I right to say you appeared with that energy?

Kiana: Yes, but I never intended to appear there!

Kiana: I’m just a passing high-school girl, and that was just an accident!

Vector: If you hadn’t shown up, I could have successfully fallen back and left with the echelons long ago, but now…

Vector: you can fight your way out by yourself, but we can’t do anything but mount a scattered resistance without a commander.

Vector: What a precious gift from the heavens you are, human. It will be our honor to die for you.

Kiana: Hey! I’m not your enemy, Vector!

Vector: But you’ll be the death of us, human.

PP90: I’m sorry, Kiana, VIvi’s just like that, please forgive her...

Kiana: Vector…

Kiana: Is this the real you?

Kiana: You’re full of petty wisdom, but you’ve never once bothered to think about others.

Vector: We can die for you, but don’t think we’ll be happy to do it.

Kiana: Then what have you been happy to do!? You don’t even dare to frankly accept the kindness of others!

Kiana: You don’t understand anyone, so how dare you conclude that I’m going to kill you all!?

PP90: Kiana-san...

Kiana: Humans… dolls…

Kiana: It doesn’t matter where I am, I don’t want to lose the people around me again...

Vector: …So are you a high school girl or a high school teacher?

Vector: I only have an hour left to live, so why don’t you think about how to survive instead of lecturing me?

Kiana: Quit jumping to conclusions and assuming I’m like that!

Kiana: I’m not going to run! I’m going to stay right here!

PP90: Kiana-san, don’t be rash. However good you are, you can’t possibly wipe out all the Slain!

Kiana: That’s right, but it would be okay if you had a commander, right?

Vector: Didn’t you hear just now? We can’t contact the Commander...

Vector: Wait. Did you just say…

Vector: Don’t tell me...

Kiana: That’s right.

Kiana: Let me be your commander!

20 minutes later, at the command map of the temporary Griffin base.

PP90: So if you want to redeploy units, all you need to do is tap here.

Kiana: You can do that too?

Kiana: I understand! This is a really handy function!

Vector: It wasn’t always this convenient. This function was only added a few months ago as part of a major upgrade to our command systems.

PP90: Because the Commander complained, right? I remember that time.

PP90: Still, Kiana-san’s doing great, she’s picking it up really fast!

Kiana: Am, am I? It feels pretty good, like I’m playing a game!

Vector: Well, it’s not that you can’t take it as playing as a game, just don’t send us all off in one shot.

Vector: Even I get unhappy when I have to be dragged back from the scene of a defeat, let alone dolls like PP90 who screw up easily.

PP90: Hey! That’s just because you always run off without saying anything and worry me!

PP90: Anyway, we’ll be protecting Kiana-san together this time, got that?

Kiana: So you want to be in the same echelon as Vivi then, PP? I can just drag you over like this, right?

Vector: This is very unwise. I’d advise you to reconsider.

PP90: You have to you have to! It’s totally important! Do that, Kiana-san!

Kiana: Ahhhh, keep quiet and let me go over this again!

Kiana: *mutters to self* This is “Formation”, this is “Combat”, and the resources are...

…………

PP90: Whew… I guess she didn’t pick it up that quickly after all.

PP90: Vivi, do you think it’ll be alright to let Kiana-san be our commander?

Vector: Things being what they are, we’ve got no choice but to roll the dice.

Vector: That woman might be a little clueless, but she’s pretty skillful when she’s commanding. She’s definitely not an ordinary person.

PP90: Fortunately the preliminary matching for her went through.

PP90: With help from my permissions, she should be able to use the command system normally.

PP90: Hehe, this is a measure only allowed under special circumstances. So now, let’s move out together like we said earlier, Vivi!

Vector: We’d better follow the assignments from our temporary commander.

Vector: While I don’t think I’m absolutely essential on the battlefield...

PP90: Hehe, at least it’ll close the distance between you and the rest of us, Vivi!

Kiana: Erm… everyone! How do I use the Deploy button! Like this, right?

PP90: Let’s go. We’ll help out our temporary commander-san and get through this pinch with everyone!

Vector: Close the distance… huh...

PP90: Commander-san, according to the operational plan the Commander left behind, our current objective is to fall back to a nearby S.F. base.

Kiana: An S.F. base? Isn’t that enemy territory?

Vector: It used to be a base of ours, and it’s been taken down, so it’s safe for now.

Vector: The original reason we were deployed here was to retake that base.

PP90: That’s right. Originally, we would have fallen back to our own base, but then those Slain appeared halfway…

PP90: I checked the Commander’s report and the S.F. comms system ought to be intact.

PP90: As long as we can reach that base, we can hack into the enemy comms and contact the outside world.

Kiana: I see, so in short, we’re going to break out before a horde of Slain surrounds us and take that base, right?

Kiana: Good! We’ll set out once everyone is ready!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

The battle ends, and the doll echelons successfully(?) reach the target base.

With PP90 and Vector’s help, Kiana also reaches the base.

PP90: We… we made it at last.

PP90: I thought the Slain would get us a few times, it scared me so much I thought my pulse module would pop out...

Vector: I have to give it full marks for entertainment value. That was a breathtaking performance.

Kiana: Oi! Are you unhappy with my leadership or something?!

PP90: Ah, no! We wouldn’t have made it out of there if not for you, Kiana-san!

PP90: I’ll go to the comms equipment to contact the Commander. You guys go rest first.

[PP90 runs off to one side and begins hacking.]

[Beep.]

PP90: Commander! Can you hear me? It’s me, your adjutant PP90!

Girl's Voice(?): Ah, I hear you. Come to think of it… you really are loud...

Kiana: What? Your commander’s a girl too?

Vector: Wait, that’s not the Commander, it’s…

Vector: Who is it, anyway?

PP90: Hey! FN57! What are you doing here!?

FN57: Ah, sorry, since these are special circumstances… to cut a long story short, you’re under me for the time being.

PP90: W-what?

FN57: I’m sorry, but you just escaped, right? I don’t know how you did it, but you were really lucky.

FN57: However, we are desperately short on manpower, so I apologize for this.

FN57: Also, my orders are specially sanctioned by the people up top. I’ve already sent you the proof.

PP90: But we just made it out of there with our lives and there’s hordes of zombies out there! And now you want us to go back out there again?

PP90: Where’s the Commander!? Please let me speak to the Commander!

FN57: Your Commander has been temporarily barred from involvement in this matter, since it might lead to an irrevocable situation.

FN57: I’m sorry, but I’m serious, despite how I look.

FN57: In any case, you have no choice. Your forces will now obey my orders, and there is an objective I need you to take care of.

PP90: …………

PP90: Do you have a command module? Can you direct all of us?

FN57: I do, though not of a very high grade…

FN57: The situation is urgent, so there’s no other options. I’ll command as many people as I can.

PP90: …I understand.

PP90: We’ll carry out operations as ordered.

PP90: However, please allow us command authority over ourselves. We have a more suitable commander candidate.

FN57: What? There’s actually a better person for the job than me?

FN57: That’s perfect! FAL and I have our hands full over here.

FN57: Listen, there’s a human of unknown origin who’s illegally trespassed into a restricted area run by Griffin.

FN57: This area is near your forces. Fortunately those zombie hordes stopped her, so she’s wandering around the sector entrance now.

PP90: A human? Trespassing?

FN57: That’s right. The matter is extremely urgent. Please consider this mission to be your highest priority. Drive her away immediately and do your best to subdue her without hurting her.

FN57: Your opposition seems to be very powerful and the zombie hordes aren’t much of a threat to her. Try your best not to anger her, but the use of force is permitted if necessary.

FN57: I’ve already sent over the target’s description. Report back if anything happens. *quietly* God dammit, I’m going to be worked to death over here… first Kar-san goes missing and now I have to research Honkai detection...

[FN57 ends the transmission.]

PP90: What the heck… is all this…

PP90: *sighs* Well, in any case, all we can do is grin and bear it.

PP90: Still, if FN57-san showed up, that means...

Vector: PP90, is that petite human the target we have to chase away?

[Vector points to the electronic image of the white-haired girl on the monitor.]

PP90: Mm… I guess?

PP90: Still… is she a child?

Vector: Hmph, the incident which triggered the last world war began at the hands of several children…

Vector: Kiana-san, what’s the matter?

Kiana: …No, no way… is that…

Kiana: Headmistress Theresa?

…………

Kiana: …Headmistress… Theresa?

PP90: Is she a friend of yours, Kiana-san?

Kiana: Ah…

PP90: She’s a human from another world just like you, am I right?

Kiana: …………

Kiana: So you already knew, huh...

PP90: We just found it out. You can’t keep these things from us Griffin dolls-

Vector: Another world?

Vector: You mean… Kiana-san’s a person from another world?

PP90: Er… Vivi, do you know what kind of stuff FN57 usually handles?

Vector: What does her job have to do with me?

PP90: That’s why I’m saying you need to socialize more, Vivi!

PP90: FN57’s team is in charge of “aberrant” incidents. The fact that she’s showed up during this incident means people from another world have made their way here.

PP90: Think about it, it’s really weird, right… a whole bunch of zombie whatevers appearing out of nowhere, how could such things possibly happen all of a sudden...

Kiana: It’s the Honkai... it’s how the Honkai expresses itself in your world.

Kiana: That’s right, PP90-san. I’m a human from another world.

Vector: Huh? Is that… really so?

Kiana: Sorry for keeping a bunch of things from you earlier…

Kiana: I wanted to be more low-key and leave once the time was right.

Kiana: But I didn’t expect the Headmistress to move around so blatantly, so I have no choice but to come clean.

PP90: Kiana-san, we believe that you’re a friendly human, but could you please give us more details?

PP90: I’m sure we’ll be able to help you if we understand more about you and your world.

Kiana: The Honkai is a phenomenon unique to our world.

Kiana: But it’s not so much a phenomenon as a will, a… destructive will.

Kiana: It takes many forms, from wars, to plagues, to natural disasters, meteor impacts, and even zombie outbreaks and the appearance of scary monsters.

Kiana: According to the records in our world, the Honkai brings tremendous destruction to the species which controls the world.

Vector: The dinosaurs? You mean, the extinction of the dinosaurs was caused by the Honkai?

PP90: Vivi, you don’t fit in with others because you’re always concerned about these things...

Kiana: Uh… that was true in our world.

Kiana: But according to my observations, your world had no signs of the Honkai to begin with…

Kiana: The Honkai only began after we came to this world.

PP90: You mean… those Slain?

Kiana: Generating and sustaining Honkai phenomena requires energy. We call it Honkai Energy.

Kiana: In our world, the Slain are created when human beings approach sources of Honkai Energy, which eat away at their minds and bodies, turning them into zombie-like creatures.

Vector: Yet the Slain we faced were zombie dolls from S.F. plants.

Kiana: Honkai expresses itself differently in different environments. Perhaps Honkai manifested itself in this form because dolls are more numerous in this world.

PP90: So they’re the malicious product of an intelligent lifeform that is hostile to mankind… is that it?

Vector: Then your phone… is used to scan for Honkai Energy, is that it?

Kiana: Yes. I’m a fighting member of the organization called Schicksal. Our mission is to eliminate sources of Honkai Energy and maintain Honkai phenomena within a controllable limit.

Kiana: In the past few days, we detected a strange source of Honkai Energy, as though it were discharged from some kind of large weapon.

Kiana: Under Headmistress Theresa’s orders, we began an in-depth investigation, and as we went in further, we found that we had passed into another world...

PP90: And that would be… Our world?

Kiana: *nods* But our airship was damaged while we were moving, and the energy storm within the warp tunnel made it inside.

Kiana: We barely managed to enter this world, but everyone was lost in the storm, and then… I ended up somewhere...

Vector: Which would be where I happened to be.

Vector: Still, wouldn’t that mean this Theresa is a friend of yours?

Kiana: Yes, but her position would make her our superior.

Kiana: While it’s more complicated than that… all in all, she’s a none-too-reliable boss.

PP90: It would be great if she were a friend. We’d be able to avoid fighting and gain a new helper!

Kiana: Uu… yeah, after all, they ran onto other people’s turf to cause trouble…

Kiana: Avoiding a fight… shouldn’t be a problem...

Vector: ……？

[Half an hour later, they make contact with Theresa at the restricted area.]

Theresa: No! Of course not!

Theresa: I will! Never! Abandon my research!

Kiana: Who cares about research at a time like this!

Theresa: Kiana, I an very happy to see you safe and sound.

Theresa: That said, I’m not that happy. After all, this place isn’t very dangerous, so it’s only natural for you to be safe.

Vector: Are all the people in your organization weirdos like this?

Kiana: Aren't you the least qualified to say that?

Kiana: Headmistress, I made some friends here, and this place is under their supervision, so would you mind putting your research on hold for the time being?

Theresa: You can make friends regardless of the situation…

Theresa: Ah, forget it! In any case, Kiana, when we were passing by here, I found an extremely powerful abnormal energy signature.

Theresa: For all we know, it might be a Relic of this world! It might even be a Divine Relic! How can I not investigate it?

PP90: Relics? Does their world have things like that too?

Kiana: Headmistress Theresa! Now’s not the time to worry about Relics or whatever!

Kiana: The Slain are attacking this world en masse because of us. Why not help them out?

Theresa: I don’t mind helping them out, as long as it’s after I finish my investigation!

PP90: Then… I’m very sorry about this, Theresa-san!

PP90: I’m a Tactical Doll from this world who is responsible for security work. You are trespassing in restricted territory that is under our jurisdiction!

PP90: If you refuse to leave, we will have to remove you by force!

Theresa: Hah! Even if I wanted to leave, I’d have to get out from under a pile of Slain first!

Theresa: So if you want to stop me, go get rid of those Slain first and then come see me.

Theresa: Of course… I won’t go quietly even if you do meet me.

Vector: That woman… she’s not afraid of those Slain at all, so she must be really strong.

Vector: But why is she just standing there… it’s like she’s waiting for us...

Kiana: I don’t care! You asked for it, Headmistress! I’m really coming over!

Theresa: Hehe, you should know the odds you have against me pretty well, right?

Kiana: Of course, but I’m not alone!

PP90: Oi oi! You’re sulking now! Please don’t mess around with our forces!

Kiana: Don’t worry! I know my limits!

Kiana: Headmistress Theresa, let’s spar again in this world!
Part 2

2

[The battle against Theresa is in progress.]

Theresa: What’s the matter, Kiana! Giving up already!?

Kiana: It is really weird after all… Headmistress Theresa!

Kiana: Why do you keep standing there instead of going in?

Theresa: Because the entrance to this relic isn’t quite like the ones on our world, I’m still studying it!

Kiana: I’m telling you! The Slain are everywhere! You should focus on that first!

Theresa: Actually… I’m kind of curious.

Theresa: Logically speaking, there shouldn't be any Honkai Energy in this world.

Theresa: So where did these Slain come from?

Kiana: Huh? Headmistress, what do you mean...

Theresa: Don’t you think this relic is very suspicious too?

Kiana: Oh… is that so...

Theresa: I’m thinking for the sake of this world too!

Kiana: Urgh… It kind of makes sense...

PP90: Kiana-san! How did the two of you suddenly end up understanding each other?

PP90: No, that’s just letting the other side run circles around you!

Kiana: Urk! That’s right!

Kiana: In any case, Headmistress, what you’re doing is forbidden, so please give up on it!

Theresa: Aww, I almost managed to bluff my way through!

Theresa: It can’t be helped then. I'll allow you to take a break before coming back to face me again!
Part 3

    3chevron_right

[The battle with Theresa is still going on.]

[Beep.]

Theresa: …………

Theresa: Alright, playtime’s over!

[Theresa swiftly leaps out of the combat zone and puts her weapon away.]

PP90: Huh? She stopped all of a sudden?

Vector: She wasn’t using her full strength at all.

Kiana: What’s this, Headmistress? Are you testing us again?

Theresa: That’s one part of it. At the very least, I’ve got a rough grasp of the combat methods of this world… they’re rather quaint.

Theresa: As for the rest… well, I’ve finished investigating the Relic.

Kiana: What? But you were right here...

Theresa: Hehe, don’t you think it’s strange that I was standing at the entrance without going in?

Theresa: Hello? My side’s settled, so report your status.

???: I’m afraid you’re going to be disappointed, Headmistress.

???: The sealing technologies used underground are completely different from what we known, and we have no way of undoing them at present.

???: Also, the detailed scan reports that the energy inside is different from Honkai Energy.

Theresa: Is it? So this world has quite an incredible secret too…

Theresa: Still, that’s quite a disappointing outcome. Let’s pack it up for today.

???: Alright, then I’ll be coming up to the surface now...

Kiana: That voice is…

Kiana: Himeko-san? Is that Himeko-san!?

Himeko: Ah, so it’s Kiana. Good to see you’re safe.

Himeko: Hang on… what happened outside? Were you fighting?

Theresa: Hehe, I was just testing the strength of Kiana’s new friends.

Theresa: Alright, all the contradictions should be cleared up now, right? We’re Kiana’s superiors, so please show us a good time.

PP90: Huh? Oh… okay...

Vector: Why are things changing so quickly...

Theresa: I can tell that you’re androids, so isn’t it only natural to be friendly to human beings?

Theresa: What are you standing there for, won’t you invite us to your base for some tea?

Himeko: Thank you, though beer would be better.

[Half an hour later, in the base.]

Theresa: I see…

Theresa: So your enemies… the mechanical insurgents called Sangvis Ferri, have mastered the ability to control the Slain?

Kiana: Yes, but without us, this world can’t create Honkai Energy so quickly.

Theresa: That would be tricky. One of us might have fallen into enemy hands.

Kiana: It’s either Bronya or Mei-senpai, though I doubt either of them would have gone willingly.

Kiana: Wait a minute, it might be that… they’re being used.

PP90: S.F. Ringleaders are quite cunning. We can’t eliminate that possibility.

Vector: You mean Destroyer did that? Are you sure?

Kiana: Well, whatever it is, I think both we and Griffin have the same objective, right?

PP90: I’ll ask FN57-san about it. It shouldn’t be a problem.

Vector: …………

Theresa: Alright. Once we deal with the enemy leader, we should be able to settle everything.

Theresa: Kiana, we shouldn’t interfere with the matters of this world. We’ll be placing the rest of the operation in your hands, as their commander.

Theresa: As for me, I’m going to walk around the Griffin base for a bit~

Kiana: Headmistress… you’re trying to learn more, aren’t you?

Theresa: Hehe, I’ve come all this way, I can’t just leave empty-handed!

Himeko entered the room.

Himeko: Bad news, Theresa. I can’t contact the Hyperion.

Theresa: That’s a bit troublesome. We won’t be able to go back like this, will we?

Theresa: Still, it might just be comms disruption. Everything should be alright if somebody can pin down the coordinates.

Theresa: So, who’ll go? Himeko, will you be heading out?

Himeko: I’m sorry, Headmistress, but after seeing your big brawl with Griffin, I think I need to accompany you.

Vector: Can you consider sending Griffin’s products there? Provided you can trust a doll like me, of course.

Theresa: Ohhh, can I really bother you with that? Then please do!

PP90: Vivi, are you sure you’re going by yourself? You won’t need other helpers?

Vector: Too many people will just get in the way, and working alone suits me just fine.

Himeko: Thank you, Vector-san. Just use this sensor and head to the location I told you about, and then pinpoint the airship’s location based on its signal strength.

Himeko: The airship in question is huge and it’s red and black in color, so you should be able to find it easily.

Vector: So it’s a large ship painted red and black? Understood.

Himeko: Also, there’s a girl called Seele in the airship. She’s very afraid of strangers, so please treat her nicely. Otherwise...

Vector: Otherwise?

Theresa: Seele has a dangerous split persona inside her. While it’s largely under control, we can’t rule out the possibility that it might go berserk again.

PP90: Vivi, are you really sure you won’t frighten her? Why don’t you let me go instead...

Vector: You’re the adjutant. Stay here and do what you’re good at.

Vector: It’s not my specialty, but I can put on a few business faces. In that case, I’ll go tidy some things up...

[Vector leaves.]

PP90: Will Vivi really be alright?

Kiana: Don’t worry, PP90.

Kiana: From what I’ve seen, Vector is a very thoughtful person, so thoughtful that she ends up being hypersensitive.

Kiana: While saying so might seem a little brusque, perhaps she might be the best person to interact with Seele.

PP90: Is that so?

PP90: That’s wonderful… perhaps Vivi will make a friend that suits her.

Kiana: You’re her friend too, it’s just that she’s unwilling to say so.

Kiana: Alright, enough chit chat, let’s get to work!

Kiana: Our target is Intruder of S.F.! Let’s take out her Slain army and take back our friends!

[5 minutes later, inside the temporary base.]

Theresa: Ohhh! Is this Griffin’s command system? Pretty interesting.

Kiana: Headmistress, do you want to give it a try?

Theresa: I’ll pass, now’s not the time to play around. I’ll let you handle it.

Kiana: So she still wants to play after all...

[Himeko enters the command room.]

Himeko: You must be Griffin’s adjutant, ah… er...

PP90: Hm?

Himeko: Ah it’s nothing, being stared at by these girls is a little…

Himeko: Sorry, I think I might have said something rude.

PP90: Hehe, don’t worry, even in our world, a lot of humans have a hard time accepting what they see when they first look at us.

PP90: Or rather, creating this sort of first impression on others is a point of pride for us.

Himeko: Haha, I’m relieved, then. Although, it seems individual dolls have completely different personalities.

Himeko: I met Vector-san on the way here just now; I wanted to make conversation, but she completely shut me down...

PP90: Haha… sorry about that, Vivi’s been that way ever since she was rolled out of the factory. Please don’t take it to heart.

Himeko: Oh, I don’t mind, but is it really alright to let her move out by herself?

PP90: Thank you for your concern. We’ll keep in touch with communications modules, so she’ll definitely… er… she’ll probably… call in?

Theresa: Oi, Himeko, now’s not the time to chat. Don’t you have something to report?

Himeko: Mm, PP90-san, do you have an electronic map of the area?

Himeko: According to your observation data, a storm swept through an abandoned city about 15km away from here, several hours ago.

Himeko: I think either Mei or Bronya would have touched down there.

PP90: Alright, I’ll see what I can find!

PP90: Here, right?

PP90: This is the abandoned city. S.F. has taken over it now.

PP90: It’s very likely that Destroyer is based here, but we haven’t picked up any powerful S.F. unit signals from there for the time being.

PP90: At a closer look… there are signs that it’s been wrecked recently.

Theresa: From the extent of the destruction, it’s more likely that it’s Mei. After all, the power within her tends to go out of control very easily under those conditions...

Kiana: Then we’d better get going! At the very least we should go in and look!

Kiana: If we’re any later, there’s no telling what SF will do to Mei-senpai!

PP90: Kiana-san, we’re going to begin attacking this city.

Kiana: Huh? I’m coming too?

PP90: Hehe, well, you are the most experienced commander here.

Theresa: Hehe, I’ll be able to see how this world fights as well!

Himeko: Good. I’d like to see Kiana’s tactics too.

Kiana: Honestly…

Kiana: Looks like I’ll just have to show you how I win, then!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

[Griffin conquers the the SF position in the city.]

Kiana: Now, rush in!

Theresa: Hehe, well done. At first I thought I’d have to step in.

Himeko: Looks like your use of tactics has improved greatly, Kiana.

Himeko: You might really be the hope of Destiny.

Kiana: Hehe, I haven’t gone all-out yet.

Kiana: Also, it’s thanks to these dolls. They’re all so cute and they’re very obedient!

PP90: Commander Kiana, we’ve completed the preliminary work for the search, awaiting your orders!

Kiana: And I need to thank my outstanding adjutant!

Kiana: Alright, begin the search! Don’t miss a single room!

PP90: Roger! Everyone, begin the search! Conditions are a little dark, so please make do.

[PP90 leads her forces into the SF base to begin the search.]

PP90: Has everyone received pictures of the targets? One of them is a black-haired girl called “Raiden Mei”, she looks kind and friendly.

PP90: The other is a gray-haired girl called Bronya, she looks… er, kind of like me…

PP90: Ahhh, quit laughing! Get a move on! First echelon, you head left, second, you go right, everyone else, go forward, and Vivi...

PP90: Ah… that’s right, Vivi’s not here…

PP90: Forget it, then I’ll hold the rear. I need to share the work with Vivi from time to time.

[PP90 waits until the echelons split up before moving to secure their rear by herself.]

PP90: *muttering to herself* I wonder what’s happened to Vivi. We agreed to check in regularly with each other, but she never called at all…

PP90: Why is that… after this operation is done, I need to call her right away and give her a good scolding…

PP90: No, I can’t be too fierce either, or else she’ll lose her temper...

Kiana: PP, look out! There’s something above you!

[PP hears something behind her and hurriedly turns around.]

[...zzt.]

Kiana: …Interference… it’s electricity! PP… that’s…!

[But she is too late, and the dark figure has already grabbed PP90’s clothes and pinned her to the ground.]

PP90: ……! (So fast!)

PP90: Is that… A human?

？？: Don’t move.

？？: Whether I’m a human or a doll, chopping your head off will only take a moment.

PP90: …Something on my neck… is it a katana?

PP90: So strong… I can’t move even if I want to…

PP90: Uwah!

[The other party forcefully grabs PP90 by the neck.]

？？: Your friends are scattered. They cannot help you.

？？: I’ve disrupted your comms. Your commander cannot help you either.

？？: You’re the Griffin team leader, right? Once I deal with you, Destroyer’s problems will...

……！

……[Snap-crackle!]

……[Electrical sparks bloom in the other person’s hand!]

？？: This is my first time using this on dolls. I need to avoid the important circuits-

PP90: An… an electrical current…!

？？: Don’t worry, I won’t interfere too much with this world, and I won’t kill you.

？？: I’ll just knock you out and then use you as a hostage, so sorry about this-

……[Crackle!]

……[A wave of dizziness washes over PP90, and her digimind starts to become confused.]

PP90: Uuu...

？？: Are you calling out for someone to save you? A doll? Or a human?

？？: Say it, at least you’ll feel better that way-

PP90: (Save me? Who’s going to save me?)

PP90: (Vivi… )

PP90: (No, not Vivi… I can’t let her see how useless I am now!)

[Crackle!]

PP90: (No good… my digimind’s about to short-circuit…)

PP90: (Survive… I need to survive...)

？？: Survive? You’re not even human, doll.

PP90: (Human… mender… repairer…)

PP90: (That’s right… the first time I went on ops with Vivi… I saw her…)

PP90: Sier… san...

？？: You… what’s the meaning of this?

？？: Why did you mention that name?

[The other party’s hand unconsciously relaxes its grip.]

PP90: Sier…

PP90: Sier-!

？？: …!

？？: Why… Seele!?

？？: Why did you mention that name?

……！

[The base lights suddenly come on, and the dolls are gathered in front of the enemy, which they proceed to surround.]

Kiana: Whew… fortunately comms with the other echelons weren’t jammed…

Kiana: Honestly, you two… what kind of weird superhero movie were you acting out?

Kiana: PP90…

Kiana: And Mei-senpai.

Mei: Kiana…

Mei: That voice… Is that Kiana?

Mei: Kiana! Where are you!?

Kiana: I’m in a command room 15 km away, talking through you through the doll adjutant that you’re trampling underfoot.

Kiana: Turns out… you nearly electrocuted her to death.

Mei: Doll… adjutant?

Mei: Huh? Your face…

PP90: (So this is Mei-san, huh…)

PP90: (She... doesn’t look kind at all…)

Kiana: Therefore… would you mind getting off my adjutant’s body?

Kiana: PP90, are you alright? Can you hear me?

PP90: (Vivi… I survived…)

PP90: (Wonderful… looks like I’ll have an adventure to brag about to you as well…)

Kiana: PP90? Hello, can you hear me?

Mei: She’s just grinning like an idiot…

Mei: Did I shock her stupid or something...?

Kiana: Hey! If you really broke her, you’re going to have to pay, senpai!

Mei: I. I’m sorry, I’ll think of something.

Mei: This… what… what on earth is this...

Kiana: Everyone, put your weapons away, we’ve found our objective! Your first priority is to rescue PP90!

[The dolls swiftly surround PP90 and begin emergency treatment.]

PP90: (Still… I’d be embarrassed to let you see this…)

PP90: (Although, it’s not important any more… I wonder what Vivi’s doing now…)

[At about the same time, Vector is currently en route to Theresa’s mothership, the Hyperion.]

…………

Vector: It’s so quiet…

Vector: Nobody needs me, nobody’s thinking of me, nobody’s nagging me…

Vector: All I need to do is focus on my mission…

Vector: Yes… it’s better this way, I chose this.

[Vector raises her head and sees a gigantic airship in the distance.]

Vector: Is that… the Hyperion? Its design is really overelaborate…

Vector: Humans always like such pointless things, always rushing to dress themselves up in order to make others happy...

[Beep.]

[Vector glances at her communicator and sees that it’s a message from PP90.]

“Busy? Call me back if you see this.”

[Vector puts away the communicator and walks toward the mothership.]

Vector: Yes, I’m very busy… haha…

Vector: If I hadn’t found the mothership, I wouldn’t have known how to reject her…

Vector: Besides, she probably doesn’t care, it’s just a standard business greeting...

Vector: That’s right… her passion, kindness and smile are just instinctive actions with broad applicability.

Vector: They’ve got nothing to do with me or what I’ve done…

Vector: She’s the same with our Commander, with Kiana, with Theresa and Himeko, as well as me…

Vector: She treats people she’s known for a long time the same as people she might not meet again after a few hours. She treats people from another world the same way that she treats me…

Vector: This incident brought me into her social circle. It’s about time I pulled back the leg I reached in and return to how things used to be...

…………

Vector: Is… something happening ahead?

[Vector sees a girl standing on the open ground outside the mothership.]

[Vector hurries over.]

Vector: Are you… Seele?

Seele?: ……

[The girl looks at Vector in fright, not daring to speak.]

Vector: I’m sorry. I’m the Griffin Tactical Doll Vector.

Vector: Your friends Kiana-san and Theresa-san asked me to find the Hyperion and ensure your safety.

Seele？: ……

Seele？: Really?

Vector: Please take a look at this proof. Kiana-san gave it to me.

Seele: Then… What about Bronya-nee?

Vector: Bronya…?

Vector: (Is that the girl with the same sundae hair as PP90?)

Vector: We haven’t found her yet, but your friends are doing their best to find her.

Seele: …

Seele: Can… Seele go and find her?

Vector: I’m sorry, but as an ordinary Tactical Doll, I suggest that staying in that airship would be safer.

Seele: There… used to be lots of Slain… They gathered here…

Seele: I’m… scared...

……[Beep.]

[PP90 sends a comms request.]

PP90: Vivi! Are you there!?

Vector: …What is it?

PP90: I’m checking on how things are going on your end! It’s your fault for not contacting me!

PP90: Didn’t we say we’d check in regularly! You worried me to death!

Vector: Is that all?

PP90: Also! We managed to take down the SF base and found Mei-san!

PP90: She’s the first friend Kiana made! Apparently the two of them barely escaped with their lives from a zombie outbreak at school!

Vector: Is that so…

Vector: (So that friend of Kiana’s is called Mei, huh…)

Vector: But what does that have to do with me?

PP90: Honestly, don’t always be like that, Vivi! Also, during the previous operation I was almost-

Vector: Also-

Vector: …Could you not call me that any more?

PP90: Huh? But...

Vector: It didn’t matter before this, but now it’s just annoying me...

PP90: What’s the matter with you… did something happen...

Vector: PP90, if you really care about what I think, then this is the only thought I have…

Vector: Which is to say… I’ve had enough of you.

PP90: I’m sorry…

PP90: V… Vector…

PP90: Let’s get to business… Is there… any progress on your end?

Vector: I found the Hyperion, I’ll be sending the coordinates back.

Vector: Also, Seele left the ship by herself. She’s a little scared and wants to return with me to the base to find Bronya.

PP90: Oh…

PP90: Theresa-san said… this sort of thing might happen…

PP90: In that case, bring her back safely. Are you… alright?

Vector: I’m fine, end the call.

PP90: Wait!

PP90: Vector… was it… something I did wrong?

Vector: …No.

Vector: This is how it should have been.

[Vector ends the transmission.]

Vector: …………

Vector: (So, who’s at fault?)

Vector: Let’s go, Seele-san. Don’t worry, I’ll take care of your safety.

Seele: Um…

Seele: Did you… have an argument just now?

Vector: No…

Vector: I just… went back to how things used to be.

[At the same time, at the Griffin base.]

Kiana: That’s why I say, you’re just too nice, Mei-senpai!

Kiana: Do you know how much trouble your actions caused for this world!

Mei: Uu… but… I couldn’t just leave that girl alone...

Kiana: Ah, PP90!

Kiana: Huh? Are you… crying?

PP90: Ah! I’m fine!

PP90: My visual module is just a little dirty, so I’m rinsing it, haha...

Kiana: Oh… dolls really are wonderful, but good thing there’s no big problems!

Kiana: Anyway, let’s leave that aside! I’ll introduce her to you again; this is Raiden Mei, my senior and my best friend!

Mei: Greetings, PP90-san.

Mei: I’m very sorry about what I did to you just now. I’ll do my best to make it up to you in future.

Kiana: Sorry about that, PP90-san.

Kiana: What happened just now, and what happened before that… was all Mei-senpai’s doing.

Mei: Uuu… how shall I say this, I didn’t quite know what was going on back then.

Mei: After being separated from everyone, the storm blew me to a base which looked like a modified city…

Mei: And then my powers went a bit out of control, and with the amplification of the storm, I ended up destroying everything around me.

PP90: Wow, so you were that amazing, Mei-san...

Kiana: Hmph, she’s just bad at controlling her powers.

Kiana: After that, Mei-senpai met Destroyer from S.F., and she told her how to control Honkai Energy!

Mei: Well… I was the one who wrecked their base, after all, so I felt that I had to do something…

Mei: And she was crying and crying and saying that she wouldn’t be able to explain this to her master, and she looked so pitiful...

Kiana: Ahhh! You’re always like that, Mei-senpai! You just can’t leave people in trouble alone! That’s why screwups like this happen!

Mei: This was my first time here, and I didn’t know SF and Griffin were on opposite sides.

Mei: And Destroyer was really nice to me too, she gave me lots of stuff and treats…

Mei: Besides, she was very cute too. I don’t believe you wouldn’t have fallen for it in my place, Kiana.

Kiana: Ha! That’s nothing, of course I wouldn’t befriend an enemy because they were cute!

Kiana: Listen here, Mei-senpai, I’d never have fallen for Destroyer’s lies!

Kiana: PP90 can be my witness!

Kiana: Er… PP90?

PP90: Ah! Sorry, I was a little distracted…

PP90: Ah… well, in any case, it’s good that you managed to find your friend, Kiana-san.

PP90: Also, it seems we’ve figured out the source of SF’s power. This operation was very successful.

Kiana: Yes. Now only Bronya’s left, and the only threat to you now is Destroyer, am I right?

Mei: I landed near Bronya when the storm blew me away, but I don’t remember what happened after that...

Kiana: That brat… where on earth is she hiding…

Kiana: Still, she should be alright by herself. In any case, let’s take care of Destroyer first! It’s time to strike back!

Mei: Are you sure? I don’t think Destroyer’s that unreasonable...

Kiana: Wake up, Mei-senpai!

Kiana: She’s part of SF, an organization that opposes mankind. Everything she did was just to use you! She would never have truly regarded you as a friend!

Mei: Is that so? But… where are you going to find her?

[Whum!]

Destroyer: Good afternoon, ladies of Griffin… and also, Raiden Mei-san...

Mei: Huh?

Destroyer: I was not particularly surprised by your treachery.

Destroyer: Or rather, I had long expected that, so it had no effect on me… Besides, I’ve finished making use of you.

Kiana: Hmph! See, Mei-senpai! That’s how it is!

Mei: ……

Destroyer: Of course, the conclusion’s the same to me, regardless of whose side you’re on...

Destroyer: Because I can fully control Honkai Energy now!

PP90: …!

PP90: That appearance! It’s the rumored-

Kiana: Oi! She’s gotten bigger in just about every aspect!

Destroyer: Hmph, it wasn’t as hard as you said it would be, Mei-san.

Destroyer: As long as you offer your desires to the “will” of the Honkai...

Mei: Stop that, Destroyer-san! I told you before, you must never do that!

Mei: That will… That will only make you...

Destroyer: Hmph, didn’t you do that yourself in the past?

Destroyer: If you could survive it, then… I can too!

Destroyer: (TN: For the non GGZ players, Mei turns into a Herrscher controlled by the Honkai in Chapter 2 but Kiana helps her break free. She got to keep her sweet lightning powers too.)

Mei: I understand now…

Mei: So I really was deceived.

Mei: I want in on this battle no matter what!

Destroyer: Haha! I couldn’t ask for anything more!

Destroyer: Come! Receive the flames of my wrath and be destroyed by my complete form!

Destroyer: Ladies of Griffin… and ”Shicksal”, your end is at hand!

…………

Destroyer: I thought… I’d found a real human friend...

[Boom!!]

Destroyer: What… what should I do now…

Destroyer: The base… the base is in ruins!

Destroyer: Agent-san is going to scrap me! Uwahhh!

[That woman stepped out of the smoke, with an apologetic smile on her face.]

Mei: I’m sorry… I destroyed your home, so let me help you out in exchange.

…………

Mei: Griffin? Are they the dolls who bullied you?

Mei: I’m not too sure what happened, but I’ll make sure you’re safe.

…………

Mei: So the Honkai Energy’s already started spreading here?

Mei: Just as well… I’ll teach you how to control it, to make it a new source of strength for you to fight your enemies.

Mei: However, don’t use too much of it or it’ll consume you and make you do things you can’t take back…

Mei: just like I did once…

Mei: I don’t want that to happen to you. You’re you… so just trust me on the rest.

…………

Destroyer: It was all the same in the end. It was just like the story Dreamer told…

Destroyer: After leaving the maze, the deer went back to the forest and the human went back to her friends…

Destroyer: It’s alright… it’s not a problem at all…

Destroyer: Besides, I’ve already gained what I wanted…

Destroyer: Power! The power to destroy everything!

Destroyer: Come! Receive the flames of my wrath and be destroyed by my complete form!

Destroyer: Ladies of Griffin… and ”Shicksal”, your end is at hand!

…………

Kiana: So this is… What S.F. looks like after Honkai Energy eats away at them?

Kiana: Just how deep does her grudge against Griffin run, anyway?

PP90: Given her appearance… there were other factors which led to her grudge...

[Beep.]

Himeko: Kiana! Can you hear that?

Himeko: A whole bunch of S.F. and Slain have surrounded our base!

Theresa: Oi oi, this is a big problem you’ve caused here! You’ve got enemies from two worlds after you!

Kiana: Don’t worry! Leave it to me!

Kiana: Our enemy just grew one size! Don’t forget, we’ve got friends from two worlds here too!

Kiana: Although we haven’t found Bronya yet...

Mei: Believe in Bronya. She’ll be back.

Mei: In any case, with all these enemies surrounding us, we should make Destroyer our priority.

Mei: It’s time to put an end to everything...

PP90: Yeah, before V… Vivi comes back! Let’s clear out the surroundings!

Kiana: Alright! Everyone, here we come!

Kiana: The final battle with Destroyer has begun!
Part 2

2

[The battle with Destroyer is still in progress.]

Kiana: How’s that! Ready to admit defeat, Destroyer?

Destroyer: Looks like that’s all Griffin’s forces can do.

Destroyer: Meanwhile, I have Honkai Energy on my side, and it is limitless!

Mei: Destroyer… can still absorb Honkai Energy?

Himeko: She’s going to lose control if this keeps up. We need to subdue her ASAP!

Theresa: Well, not too soon. Whittle her strength down slowly.

Theresa: Otherwise a Honkai outbreak might occur, and then it’ll start spreading over a wide area.

Kiana: I understand, this really is tricky…

Kiana: Let’s rest first, then adjust our attack plan!

[At the same time.]

？？: …………

？？: Arrived at objective area.

？？: Entering standby status while waiting for an opportunity.

？？: I must protect Mei-nee and everyone.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

[The battle with Destroyer is still going on.]

Destroyer: Come on! Keep coming!

Destroyer: Hahahaha! How could an attack of that scale possibly defeat me?

PP90: Her complete form… It’s bigger than the rumors said!

Kiana: She’s still emitting Honkai Energy! We need to keep attacking!

Kiana: Just hold on a little longer and we’ll deplete her Honkai Energy soon!

Destroyer: Deplete? You underestimate me at your peril!

[Destroyer waves her hand and the dolls are scattered by a wave of Honkai Energy.]

PP90: Uwah! She’s too strong! Everyone, get down!

Destroyer: I’ve got more than enough time to deal with all of you before I run out!

Mei: That’s enough, Destroyer.

Mei: Stop abusing our world’s power for evil deeds!

Destroyer: …You’ve finally come, Mei-san.

Destroyer: Didn’t you give me this power?

Destroyer: And now you can’t take it back. You can’t do anything!

Mei: I know that there are many things I can’t take back…

Mei: But I’ll do my best to make up for them, while there’s still time...

PP90: Look out, Mei-san! She’s very dangerous!

[Mei braves the storm of Honkai Energy to walk up to Destroyer.]

Destroyer: Hmph, so you’re planning to get rid of me?

Destroyer: You plan to kill me because the power I’ve gained is no longer under the control of you humans, right?

Mei: I don’t fight in order to kill.

Destroyer: Then you’re doing it because you regret what you did, right?

Mei: ……

Kiana: Be careful, Mei-senpai! Honkai Energy’s rapidly accumulating around her!

Destroyer: Oh yes, do be careful!

Destroyer: If I release all this power at once, there’s no telling if it really will kill you! Ahahahaha!

[Mei draws her katana.]

Kiana: Hey, senpai, are you going all-out?

Kiana: If you get serious here, you’re going to wreck the surroundings!

Mei: But if I back down here… then it’ll all be meaningless.

Mei: Come, let’s finish this——！

Destroyer: As you wish!

[Shing!]

…………

[Destroyer collapses, and the Honkai energy begins to safely disperse.]

Mei: Huh…

Mei: But how...

[But Mei did not swing her weapon.]

…………

？？: Bronya, reporting mission accomplished.

Kiana: B-Bronya!

Kiana: Are, are you alright?

Mei: Where did you go? Why did you only come out now?

Bronya: Bronya has been hiding by Destroyer’s side all this time, waiting for a chance.

Mei: All this time…? So you waited until just now?

Bronya: Did Bronya help?

Mei: Mm… you helped a lot. Thank you, Bronya!

Theresa: Huh? Are things over on this side?

Himeko: Bronya came back too. Well done.

Kiana: How come you only just came back? What were you doing just now?

Theresa: Ah? Nothing, just strolling around...

Himeko: The headmistress was swapping information with some Griffin higher-ups…

Himeko: And at the same time, she borrowed IOP’s technology to make a Kiana doll.

Kiana: ……

Kiana: Headmistress, didn’t we agree not to interfere too much with this world?

Kiana: Also? Why me? That, that sounds very weird!

Theresa: Aw, it’s just a one-time technical collaboration between senior staff.

Theresa: Although, it’s really quite magical; just entering the data I collected over time was enough to produce a doll!

Theresa: It’s amazing, it’s just like the real Kiana! Even her sleeping face was faithfully replicated...

Kiana: Oi! Enough about that!

Kiana: While we were risking our lives to stop the enemy, you were messing around at Griffin with my private information!

Theresa: It’s not just Kiana either, we made some for the others too!

Theresa: Although, it’ll take some time. We’ll need to slowly collect combat and regular lifestyle data for them!

Kiana: Hah! You’re talking like everyone’s interested in them. Are you going to make a Mei-senpai doll for Bronya?

Kiana: Oh yeah, how about a tailor-made male doll for Himeko-san?

Bronya: Bronya only wants the real thing.

Himeko: Sadly, IOP declined the order I made.

Kiana: So you did think about those things too…

Kiana: I, I guess it can’t be helped. I’ll go take a look if I have the chance.

Mei: You clearly want to see them too...

Kiana: Hmph! In any case, it’s all settled!

Kiana: PP90, take everyone home! Now all we need to do is wait for Vector to bring Seele back.

Kiana: PP90? What’s wrong?

PP90: …………

PP90: Vivi…

PP90: Her comms signal… it vanished...

…………

[At the same time, in a certain abandoned underground railway tunnel.]

[Vector and Seele are carefully advancing by a dim light.]

Seele: …Are we there yet?

Vector: Shh… please be quiet.

Seele: I’m sorry… it’s too dark here, I’m a little scared...

Vector: Hold my hand.

Seele: Your hands are... holding your weapon...

Vector: Oh, then hold on to my clothes.

Seele: Your skirt… is a little short.

Vector: Oh, it’s a combat miniskirt.

Vector: Then stay close to me.

Seele: It’s okay… Seele can bear with this.

Vector: Sorry, I’m a Tactical Doll; a lot of my design elements aren’t very appealing to others.

Vector: Same goes for my personality.

Seele: It’s okay… Seele doesn’t hate you.

Vector: Thank you. Don’t worry, I’m only responsible for finishing the job.

Vector: As long as there’s a job, I’ll make sure I complete it well.

Seele: Mm. Seele isn’t worried.

Seele: Will we… be there soon?

Vector: We should be, but I don’t know exactly how far away we are.

Vector: Being underground impedes our transmissions and I can’t pinpoint our location.

Seele: Why did we go underground all of a sudden?

Vector: We need to avoid the zones where the Slain are active.

Vector: As you just saw, the Slain on the surface suddenly went berserk all at once, and it’s very unsafe.

Vector: It’s very likely that… the enemy ringleader was defeated by Kiana and PP90.

Seele: The enemy… ringleader?

Vector: They’re our enemy. They’re not related to you.

Seele: But the Slain... are related to us.

Seele: When Seele and the others came here, we got you involved too.

Vector: ……

Vector: Perhaps…

Vector: And once there’s a relationship, it might end up being unshakeable...

Seele: Hm?

Vector: Just some worthless grumbling, don’t worry about it.

Vector: Speaking of which, is Bronya-san a friend of yours?

Seele: Bronya-san and Seele… are best friends.

Vector: Do you make things difficult for each other? Do you settle your problems?

Seele: Bronya-nee never makes mistakes.

Seele: It’s always Seele who’s wrong...

Vector: Is that all?

Seele: Wait…

Seele: What, what’s that noise? Vector-nee!

[A series of low moans chorus out from behind them.]

Vector: Oi, no way...

[The figures visible in the distant lights are a horde of shambling Slain dolls.]

Vector: The Slain… What are the Slain doing here!?

Seele: Vector-nee… I… I’m scared...

Vector: Don’t be afraid. I can handle an attack of this scale.

Vector: Get behind me, hurry!

……[Bang bang!]

[Vector takes aim at the leading Slain and advances while shooting.]

Vector: It’s as though they knew they were here…

Vector: Seele, keep yourself under control, don’t let that persona out!

Seele: But… if my other persona comes out, Seele can destroy all of them!

[Vector pats Seele on the shoulder.]

Vector: I made a promise to a friend that I’d bring you back safely… trust me, I’ll take care of it.

Seele: …Mm.

Seele: Seele will… hang in there!

[Bang bang!]

Vector: What a wonderful day…

Vector: How much more trouble must I go through before I can return to how things were…

Vector: Or could it be that I can never go back?

[10 minutes later.]

Kiana: Like I was saying… You really shouldn’t have left Destroyer where she was, Bronya.

Kiana: If we had captured her, we would have done a great deal to help Griffin.

Bronya: Mei-nee said not to interfere too much with this world.

Kiana: Fine, fine but what should we do now?

Kiana: The Slain have all gone mad and they’re charging the base. I guess no good deed goes unpunished, especially by Destroyer!

Himeko: That’s not the reason why. It should be the opposite.

Himeko: After removing Destroyer’s Honkai Energy, all the Slain have gone out of control.

Kiana: Ahhhh honestly! And we don’t know where Vector and Seele have wandered to a time like this!

PP90: According to my last position fix, they ought to be very close to the base.

PP90: Even so, we’ve got a large area to search.

Mei: That’s fine. All we need to do is split up and look.

Himeko: A good plan, but not suitable for the present situation.

Himeko: The Slain are flooding towards the base; going out alone is extremely dangerous.

PP90: Theresa-san, can you clear away the nearby Honkai energy so the Slain will run out of steam by themselves?

Theresa: Ah… fully cleansing the area isn’t easy. Seele and Vector might not be able to hold out that long.

Bronya: Bronya can sneak in.

Himeko: It’s a whole new sector outside, and you don’t understand the terrain or the enemy’s disposition. Charging in recklessly is both risky and not likely to succeed.

PP90: Let me go. I used to patrol this region often and I know the lay of the land.

PP90: Vivi might be stuck in a place with impeded comms; that way I can contact them quickly.

Kiana: But wouldn’t it be even more dangerous if PP90 went by herself?

Himeko: No. According to my investigations, these Slain dolls were produced by a SF plant, and without other orders, they react much more strongly to humans than dolls.

Himeko: Also, an individual doll’s presence is much harder to detect than that of a human, so the Slain would have a harder time detecting them.

Mei: But is there nothing we can do here?

PP90: The Slain currently surround this base. If you can help Griffin defend this place, you’ll be doing everyone a big favor.

Theresa: You don’t have to worry about that. Kiana, you mustn’t let a single Slain get in here.

Mei: Even so, we’ll still need to help PP90 clear a path.

Kiana: Got it. I’ll start by having the echelons open a safe route for PP90, and then PP90 will go search for Vector and Seele.

PP90: That’s fine. Leave it to me.

Mei: Let us know if anything dangerous happens.

Bronya: Do your best, Another Bronya.

PP90: Ahaha… I’ll work hard for you too, Bronya-san. Don’t worry!

Himeko: Kiana, don’t forget to give PP90 support while she’s on her way.

PP90: Yup! And since I’ll pinpoint Vivi and Seele’s locations right away, don’t forget to place support for them in the vicinity!

Theresa: Good, then let’s take our places, everyone!

Theresa: All we need to do is hold the base and welcome Seele and Vector back, and then everything will be over!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

[Half an hour later.]

[Bang bang!]

Vector: Seele, can you hold on?

Seele: Seele… is fine… I think!

Seele: But Vector-nee...

Vector: I’ll live. Everything will be fine as long as you’re alright.

Vector: Find a way to compose yourself, like taking deep breaths, doing math, or chatting, basically anything besides stabbing me in the back!

Seele: Uu… Seele, Seele understands!

[The Slain are still pouring in.]

Vector: Keep moving back, we’re almost to the surface!

Seele: Your, your feet!

[Bang bang!]

[Vector suddenly senses a writhing Slain and kicks it away before putting two more rounds in it.]

Vector: ……

Vector: Thank you...

Seele: What's wrong?

Vector: Nothing, I’m just not used to thanking people.

Vector: If you were PP90, I’d probably have snapped at her.

Vector: Hah… I do need her reminders after all...

Seele: She must be… a very trustworthy friend, right?

Vector: She looks a lot like your Bronya-nee.

Vector: However, she’s much noisier… I’ve never managed to get along with dolls like that.

Vector: She’s nice to everyone and everyone likes her, she’s just terrible - Seele, keep backing up!

[Vector brings Seele with her as they withdraw into the depths of the tunnels.]

[The Slain offensive eases off a little.]

Seele: You don’t like her, Vector-nee?

Vector: I don’t like myself, I guess…

Vector: I don’t know if I should be telling her “thanks” or “sorry”...

Seele: Seele understands…

Seele: Vector and Seele are… very similar...

Vector: Maybe… Anyway, you’ll be gone soon, so you should just forget about it.

[Bang bang! Bang bang!]

Seele: Seele doesn’t want to go. Seele wants to find Bronya-nee and stay here forever...

Vector: You can’t stay here. There’s nothing good about this world at all.

Seele: It’s better than Seele’s world…

Seele: Seele’s world doesn’t have anything...

Vector: Hm?

Vector: Don’t you have a lot of friends?

Seele: No, Seele has nothing…

Seele: No “home”... no Bronya-nee…

Seele: Not even… Seele herself...

[Vector freezes for a moment.]

Vector: What… are you saying?

Seele: Vector-nee, the way behind us is blocked.

Vector: ……！

[Vector turns and sees that their route of escape has been completely blocked off by the ruins of a wall from above.]

Vector: Well, this is fantastic...

[Vector throws up her hands in exasperation, then turns around and points her weapon at the Slain.]

Vector: It must have been the storm from before…

Vector: Sorry, Seele. I didn’t expect this route to be the death of us.

Seele: Vector-nee… have you given up?

Vector: Sorry, but my will’s never been that strong.

[Bang bang!]

Seele: Vector-nee… don’t you want to see PP90-nee again?

Vector: I don’t know.

Vector: If you weren’t here, this might have been a good way to die.

[Bang bang!]

Vector: Seele, do you hate me?

Vector: I promised to take you to safety, but now I can’t...

Seele: No, Seele thinks… this is good…

Seele: This is fine...

Seele: Soon… Your wish will come true, Vector-nee...

Vector: ……？

[Vector notices that Seele seems to be laughing. Just then-]

？？: Ooooi! VIvi! Seele!

？？: Are you there!?

Vector: PP90, is that you?

PP90: Vivi——!! I just knew you’d come this way!

PP90: Ah, sorry for calling you a name you don’t like...

Vector: Get us out of here first and we’ll settle things later!

Vector: Also, we’re in a lot of trouble, so don’t say you’re alone!

PP90: I am alone, but I have explosives.

PP90: Can you back up!

Vector: How far back? We’ve got a horde of Slain in front of us!

PP90: Figure it out yourself, I don’t know how thick this wall is either!

PP90: Protect Seele, I’m going to set off the charges!

[Beep!]

Vector: Hey, wait, we haven’t-

[Boom!!]

……

…………

Vector: *coughs* PP90!

Vector: God dammit…

Vector: Seele… *coughs* Are you alright?

Seele: Seele is alright because Vector-nee protected her...

Vector: My waist… *coughs*…

Vector: PP90! You idiot! You almost killed me!

PP90: *coughs* Better than letting the Slain kill you!

PP90: Hurry, take my hand!

Vector: Take Seele first!

Seele: Vector-nee, behind-

[Bang bang!]

PP90: I’ll cover you, now hurry up and get across!

[With PP90’s help, Seele and Vector vault over the obstacle.

Vector: Now block up the gap! The Slain will make their way in through it!

PP90: On it! Come help me!

Vector: What the hell, you’re the one who -

Vector: Seele! Come help us too!

[Everyone frantically works to block up the gap.]

[After their narrow escape, the three of them lean against the walls and rest, bathed in the howls of the Slain from the other side of the obstacle.]

Vector: Hah… hah…

Vector: What the hell were you doing, you idiot...

PP90: Is that how you treat your savior?

[PP bonks Vector’s head.]

Vector: Ow...

PP90: Being able to feel pain means your body’s still fine.

PP90: Being so fierce just now means that you’ve still got life in you. Are you really Vec… no, Vivi?

Vector: You… you’re enjoying this, aren’t you?

PP90: Yes, I am! I’m super happy!

[PP90 looks at Vector.]

PP90: After all… seeing you still alive...

Vector: ……

Vector: Good thing you came over in person to verify that.

PP90: Oh? Really? Then isn’t there something you should be saying to me?

Vector: *shrugs* I’ll save it for next time. We’re not out of the woods yet.

PP90: Haha, I know you’re not ready.

PP90: Oh yes, I almost forgot -

PP90: You’re Seele-san, aren’t you?

Seele: …Yes.

Seele: You’re… PP90-san, am I right?

PP90: Ah… yes. Do you know me?

Seele: Yes… from Vector-san, she said…

Seele: You… Vector-san said you were… a friend...

Vector: Oi, Seele-

PP90: Ah… really?

PP90: Seele, what else did Vivi say?

Seele: Vector-nee also said…

Seele: You looked a lot like Bronya-nee...

PP90: Haha… even Bronya herself said so.

PP90: Ah, yes, Bronya-san’s already returned to the base.

PP90: We’ll bring you to see her right away, and then you can go back to your original world.

[PP90 reaches a hand out to Seele.]

…………

[……But Seele doesn't respond.]

PP90: …Seele-san?

Seele: …Yes.

Seele: I’ll see her right away.

Vector: Seele……？

Seele: When I look closer at you, you really do look like Bronya-nee…

Seele: Not just the hairstyle, but also… the desire in your eyes, the loneliness, the wish for friends…

Seele: So much like how Bronya-nee used to be in the past...

PP90: What… what are you saying?

Vector: Seele, what’s with you?

Vector: Calm down, get your emotions under-

Seele: PP90-san…

Seele: How many people have you hurt up till now?

Vector: ……

PP90: I’m a Tactical Doll, made to serve mankind. I don’t hurt humans.

Seele: Hehe...

[Seele laughs gloomily in the darkness]

Seele？: Hey, did you know?

Seele？: While most of her body is human, Bronya-nee was once a puppet herself…

Seele？: Would you like to know… what Bronya-nee’s battle records were like?

PP90: Seele? What are you talking about? Is this… relevant?

Seele？: That’s why I can’t stand you…

Seele？: You’re using Bronya-nee’s face, but you’ve put such a disgusting smile on it.

Seele？: You’ve never experienced anything, but you’re shamelessly trying to comfort others.

Vector: Seele! What’s the matter with you!?

[Vector tightens her grip on her weapon.]

Seele？: I can’t keep pretending any more...

Vector: Huh?

Seele？: Seele… can’t keep pretending any more in front of someone like you…

Seele？: Seele can’t keep on playing the game of being “Good Seele” any more!

Vector: PP90, look out-

[Vector squeezes her trigger at Seele’s position…]

[But there’s nothing there.]

Vector: PP90！

[A hideous ripping sound echoes through the tunnel.]

[Vector looks at PP90 and sees that her body has already been cut open by some sharp object.]

PP90: Vi……vi……

PP90: Hurry…… Run……

[And then, PP90’s body slides down the wall.]

[Amidst the silence, Vector hears something swinging behind her.]

Seele: It’s only when you lose her that you don’t mind what she thinks…

Seele: Am I right, Vector-nee?

[Thump.]

[Vector collapses as well.]

Seele: Time to say goodbye, Vector-nee.

Seele: Seele doesn’t want to play this game of house again.

Vector: See...le…

Vector: you were… from the beginning...

Seele: Oh, that’s right. I’ve been Seele and only Seele from start to finish.

Seele: The… the Seele from the darkness, the “Bad Seele”.

Seele: Everything since just now was just Seele pretending, as “Mama-sama” arranged.

Seele: (TN: Most likely referring to Cocolia, who is Seele and Bronya's adoptive mother. This crossover seems to take a lot of liberties because Seele and Bronya live with Cocolia and get into fights with Shicksal.)

Vector: Mama...sama…?

Seele: You shouldn’t be concerned about that, right?

Seele: Also… you don’t really care about Seele, do you?

Seele: It was so hard for Seele to play that role. How could someone that useless be liked or cherished by anyone?

Vector: Then… why… did you...

Seele: Why did I do it? Isn’t that obvious?

Seele: Seele… is a huge hole.

Seele: If it’s not filled with “love”, then not a single trace of “love” will remain…

Seele: Unless that person… unless I can pack that person in there forever and ever...

Vector: Bron… ya...

Seele: Seele doesn’t need anything else other than Bronya-nee…

Seele: Both your world and mine are all unnecessary.

Seele: That’s what PP90 is to you, isn’t she, Vector-nee?

Vector: ……

Seele: Of course not. You want much more than PP90 wants, don’t you, Vector-nee?

Seele: Do you want more approval? Or do you want more praise? PP90 was nothing more than a stepping stone, wasn’t she?

Seele: Seele once thought that dolls would be slightly cleaner than those humans, but in the end, you’re nothing more than the trash made by those filthy brains and hands...

Vector: Is that… what you think of us?

Seele: Trying to cover it up would only make Vector-nee that much uglier, you know.

Seele: Huh… wait a minute, you didn’t actually think Seele was trying to cheer you up earlier, did you, Vector-nee?

Seele: Don’t be ridiculous. Not laughing at you all this time was a tremendous effort for Seele.

Seele: As payback, Seele just wants to see you being eaten up in this godforsaken place.

Vector: Those… Slain...

Seele: Oh yes. Seele made all of them.

Seele: But after that inferior clown pretending to be Bronya-nee showed up, Seele had a more interesting idea.

Seele: As for you… well, if you died together, would you feel worse… or… would you feel happy?

[Seele heads off into the distance, and the howling behind Vector draws ever closer.]

Seele: Although… Seele has no interest in any answer that could be gained from your bodies.

Vector: Dammit… Seele…

Vector: You can’t… you can’t go to the base…!

Seele: Seele… is going to fulfil her own wish.

Seele: Her sole, irreplaceable wish.

Seele: Goodbye, Vector-nee. You, your loathsome little wish and the rest of this world can all die together.

[Seele’s form vanishes at the end of the tunnel.]

……

…………[An unknown amount of time later.]

Kiana: Seele!? Seele, you’re back!?

Bronya: Welcome back, Seele.

Mei: Seele, where are PP90 and Vector? Why didn’t they come back with you?

[An unknown amount of time later.]

……！

[Alarms ring throughout the Griffin base.]

Theresa: Hurry, get after her!

Theresa: Himeko, use “that”, we’re out of time!

Himeko: Here!?

Theresa: Any later and Seele’s going to wreck this base!

Theresa: Hurry!

……

Mei: Bronya——！！

Vector: ……！

[The howling behind her wakes Vector up.]

[The Slain dolls have broken through the barricade and have crawled up behind her.]

Vector: PP… 90…

Vector: There’s something… I haven’t been able to tell you all this time…

Vector: Today… Really was the worst day of my life…

Vector: But if I hadn’t known you so well, then maybe I would have just died normally instead.

[Vector fights the pain and struggles to her feet.]

Vector: Right now…

Vector: I’ve got no choice but to live on… For you.

…………

……

FN-57: Honestly.

FN-57: How did you let things end up like this?

FN-57: I only left this to you because PP90 vouched for you.

Kiana: Hey, it’s not like I wanted this to happen!

Kiana: Who could have known Seele was actually...

FN-57: There wouldn’t have been any problems if you had just killed her off, right?

Mei: I’m sorry, 57-san, but Seele is our friend, after all...

FN-57: Your friend? Is the definition of friend in your world someone that you fight with all day and who then proceeds to wreck someone else’s home?

Mei: To some extent… yes.

FN-57: Sounds just like the protagonist of a TV series.

FN-57: And now things have ended up like this after spending all those resources, and by the time our Commander comes back we’ll have to wreck it all anyway…

FN-57: Then, the main loss now was this… Ponya-san, I believe?

Kiana: It’s Bronya!

FN-57: Tch, Eastern Europeans.

FN-57: In any case, she’s the human girl with the same sundae hairstyle as PP90, right?.

Mei: Seele kidnapped her, and now we want to get her back.

Mei: And also… we want to bring Seele back safely too...

FN-57: You can bring that big mess anywhere you want as long as it’s not here.

FN-57: Also, please get rid of the Honkai Energy you brought along and get rid of all those zombie dolls too.

Kiana: Mm! We’ll take care of it!

FN-57: So our aims are the same, then?

FN-57: In that case, I’ll be your adjutant this time, but don’t expect me to coddle you like PP90 did.

Kiana: Huh? Really?

FN-57: Well, we’ve settled things on our side and Helian-san approved it too.

FN-57: After all, our dolls caused some trouble in your world, so consider this working together as equals.

FN-57: Also, there needs to be a Griffin doll supervising you in case you hit the self-destruct button or something.

Kiana: Is there really such a thing...

FN-57: Someone’s definitely used it before.

FN-57: Also, where are our PP90 and Vector?

Mei: I’ve been worrying about that myself. If Seele came back alone, then they...

Himeko: I’ve just detected a Griffin signal. Not sure who it belongs to, but things are looking pretty grim where they are.

Himeko: Who’s willing to go out and get them?

Kiana: Himeko-san! You’re okay already?

Himeko: Mm, just that the Nexus System took a lot out of me. I might not be able to directly participate in the upcoming battles.

Mei: Then let me go and find them. You should stay here and assist Kiana, Himeko-san.

Kiana: What, you’re making me sound so unreliable…

Kiana: Speaking of which, where’s Headmistress Theresa?

Theresa: I’m repairing Griffin’s databases.

Theresa: That Seele… I don’t know what she was up to when she was messing around with them…

Theresa: Still, this is fine. I’ve found her location after examining the traces she left behind.

Kiana: Really?

Theresa: She’s right beside us, in that ruined amusement park.

Theresa: While I have no idea what Seele’s brought Bronya there for, we just need to take her back ASAP.

Theresa: Also, there’s another problem; according to an observation report just now, the passage might end up closing soon.

Mei: Huh? What does that mean? We… can’t go back?

Theresa: Ahh… actually there’s a few more days, but you’d better not delay for too long!

Kiana: “Don’t delay for too long”, you could settle this quickly enough if you stepped in, Headmistress!

Theresa: Forget it, Seele’s caused so much trouble that I’m afraid I might thoroughly destroy her if I got careless.

Theresa: So I’m handing her over to you-

Kiana: Alright, alright, then everything should be fine now, right? Let’s begin right now!

FN-57: Are you sure everything is fine?

Kiana: Huh? What’s the matter?

FN-57: Are you just going to openly march our forces in?

FN-57: Leaving aside the number of casualties that Seele is going to cause to our dolls, given that she can chop the base in half…

FN-57: Your Bronya’s still in her hands. Are you sure you can rescue the hostage that way?

Kiana: Then… then what should I do?

FN-57: Stall for time until Mei finds Vector and PP90.

Himeko: …I understand what FN57-san’s getting at.

FN-57: Hehe, that’s Himeko-san the soldier for you.

FN-57: Let’s discuss the specifics of the plan later!

Kiana: Huh? What are you guys going on about over there…

Kiana: Alright, alright, I’ll do it your way!

Kiana: Besides, all I need to do is stall Seele, right!?

…………

[At the same time, in the ruined amusement park.]

Bronya: ……

Bronya: Seele.

Seele: Are you awake, Bronya-nee?

Seele: Did you dream of Seele?

Bronya: Bronya hasn’t dreamt in a long time.

Bronya: All this was done by you, Seele.

Seele: Yup. Seele heard the voice of “Mama-sama”.

Seele: By the time I woke up, I was sitting inside the Hyperion.

Bronya: While the mothership was passing through the tunnel, Seele took over the original Seele’s body.

Seele: Yup, the original Seele... so weak and useless that everyone couldn’t like her more.

Seele: Seele simply took back what was hers.

Bronya: And the one who sabotaged the mothership back then was...

Seele: Was also Seele, at Mama-sama’s suggestion.

Seele: The storm outside was fierce, so all I needed to do was open a cabin door.

Bronya: ……

Bronya: And the Headmistress mentioned that this world didn’t originally have Honkai Energy...

Seele: That’s obvious, how could this world have Honkai Energy?

Seele: Obviously it was Seele who dumped it out of the mothership during the confusion-

Bronya: And you did all this… for Bronya?

Seele: Of course it was for Bronya-nee. It was all for… this moment.

Bronya: Bronya… isn’t worth that much.

Seele: That’s because you forgot, Bronya-nee. You’ve forgotten too much…

Seele: But that’s fine, Bronya-nee. From today onwards, you can stay in this world with Seele forever.

Bronya: Here?

Seele: There’s no Honkai here, no Slain, and no “Mama-sama”...

Seele: So Seele doesn’t have to hurt anyone any more, and Bronya-nee doesn’t have to be hurt any more…

Seele: I’m sure we can be very very happy here!

Bronya: This place doesn’t belong to us.

Bronya: It doesn’t belong to Bronya, and it doesn’t belong to Seele eith-

Seele: Then what belongs to Seele!?

Bronya: ……

Seele: Bronya-nee, you should know… Seele doesn’t have anything anymore…

Seele: Right now, I don’t even need to protect that useless Seele… was Seele wrong?

Seele: Is that what you think too, Bronya-nee? That your friends on the Hyperion are more important than Seele?

Bronya: Seele is very important.

Bronya: But two people can’t live by themselves in this place.

Seele: That’s fine! Seele’s already prepared!

[Seele takes out a storage device.]

Seele: I saved all the doll personality data from that Griffin database in here.

Bronya: Why did you steal that?

Seele: To make Bronya-nee happy, of course.

Seele: With a slight conversion, Seele can change to the personality of any doll.

Seele: Do you understand now? As long as Bronya-nee likes it, Seele can become anybody!

Bronya: What does Seele mean by “like”?

Seele: Bronya-nee, are you examining Seele’s status?

Bronya: Seele’s status is very unstable.

Seele: That’s the price Seele has to pay for staying here…

Seele: Seele is willing to do anything for Bronya-nee. That’s what “liking” means to Seele.

Bronya: But Bronya doesn’t know how to respond.

Bronya: Bronya can’t do anything for Seele...

Seele: Seele knows, Seele knows…

Seele: Seele knows that it was because of Seele… That Bronya-nee can’t go back to how she used to be…

Seele: But Seele will do anything to make Bronya-nee like Seele again.

Bronya: Seele…

Bronya: If that happens, your mind will become even more unstable, and then it’ll vanish again.

Seele: Yes…

Seele: To Seele right now, “forever” is a temporary thing…

Seele: So can’t you keep Seele company a while longer, Bronya-nee? Or...

[Seele takes Bronya’s hand.]

Seele: Would you rather Seele vanish now…

Seele: Again… for ever...

[Bronya lets go of Seele’s hand.]

Bronya: Bronya doesn’t want to hurt anyone else any more.

Bronya: Also, everyone will come looking for Bronya.

Seele: You won’t have to worry about that, Bronya-nee.

Seele: Seele will take good care of Bronya-nee.

Bronya: Seele, you shouldn’t hurt them.

Seele: I’m sorry, Bronya-nee.

Seele: What Seele wants can only be gained by hurting others.

[The sound of gunfire comes from outside the park.]

Seele: Please sleep for a while longer.

Seele: The next time you wake up, this world will belong to Seele and Bronya-nee alone.
Part 2

2

[There is a lull in the fighting.]

[The only thing that was accomplished was knocking Seele’s weapon out of her hands.]

Seele: …………

Seele: That’s not enough… still not enough…

Seele: Kiana. How could an attack like that possibly kill Seele?

Seele: Can’t you hit me harder? It doesn’t hurt Seele at all~

Kiana: I don’t want to kill you, Seele.

Seele: That’s because of the other Seele, right…

Seele: Because of the other Seele who’s willing to lie in your palms and do whatever you tell her, right?

Seele: Seele just wants to take what belongs to Seele!

Kiana: You don’t take friends!

Kiana: Neither Bronya or the other Seele belongs to anyone!

Kiana: So please, stop hurting them!

Seele: You’re the ones who hurt Bronya-nee, you and that world with the Honkai in it!

Seele: If we could stay in this world, both Seele and Bronya-nee wouldn’t have to become like that again!

Kiana: The “Honkai” is a law of our world. All we can do is survive under under those conditions.

Kiana: What’s happened has happened, Seele. Neither you or Bronya can go back to the past again.

Seele: ……

Seele: Yes… no matter what I do, Seele and Bronya… can’t go back...

[Seele raises her weapon again.]

Seele: But… now Seele has a new chance to throw away that past…

Seele: To let Bronya-nee meet Seele again, and Seele will become what Bronya-nee likes…

Seele: And then… forever… and ever...

Kiana: If you’re just trying to run from the past, then it’ll be the same no matter which world you go to!

Seele: Seele’s not running away!

Seele: Seele just wants… a fresh start!

Kiana: I’m sorry, Seele…

Kiana: Then let’s put an end to it again!

……！

FN-57: I have to say, you sure do babble on before and after you fight.

FN-57: Still, that did buy us a lot of time.

Himeko: That’s the kind of girl Kiana is. Not only does she want to win, she also wants to have the last word.

Himeko: It’s reckless, but it’s also made her a lot of friends. Maybe that’s her charm point, although everyone she’s attracted is of the same sex...

FN-57: Those words sound quite full of regret coming from you…

FN-57: Although, have you already figured out the route, Himeko-san?

Himeko: I have a basic idea of the amusement park’s layout.

Himeko: The rest is up to Mei.

Himeko: Are you sure Vector and PP90 are still alive?

FN-57: Frankly speaking, neither of them have much of a will to live.

Himeko: That sounds very bad.

FN-57: Unless…

FN-57: The two of them are travelling together now...

[At the same time, in the underground rail tunnel.]

[Bang! Bangbang!]

PP90: …………

PP90: ……Vi……vi？

Vector: Don’t move around. Compact your body. Hang on tightly to my shoulders.

Vector: Otherwise I can’t guarantee that I can ship you back in one piece.

[Bang bang!]

PP90: I thought… I was dead...

Vector: Dolls aren’t like humans. They don’t die just because you cut through a few arteries.

Vector: Whether she intended to or not, Seele slipped up.

PP90: But… *coughs* ...we’re still in danger, right?

[Bang bang!]

Vector: There’s still a lot of Slain, and we might not be able to make it out in time.

Vector: Any last words? Say them, it might cheer you up.

PP90: Leave me behind...

Vector: I’ll do that for real…

Vector: Wait, are you crying?

[PP90 is sobbing from where she’s hanging from Vector’s shoulders.]

PP90: Vivi, please…

PP90: If we both die here, then this stretch of neural cloud memories will be completely destroyed…

PP90: Just when… just when we were getting along a little better.

Vector: ……

Vector: You want me to live so that I can tell the next you that we were sisters in suffering for a few minutes?

Vector: I’d rather die here than confess that to someone like you who doesn’t know anything.

PP90: Haha… at least you… *cough*

PP90: ..admitted that we’re friends.

[Bang bang!]

Vector: Yeah…

Vector: I honestly don’t understand why you keep pestering someone like me...

PP90: That’s true… you’re gloomy and curt… you’re unlikable and you love to argue.

PP90: You keep grumbling quietly to yourself, and then when you meet with the slightest setback you give up and blame everything around you...

Vector: Thanks, so you were pitying me? I always hated that about you.

PP90: I was envying you, Vivi you idiot! *coughs*

PP90: I like this job very much… I like Griffin, I like the Commander, and my doll friends, but from time to time…

PP90: I’m saying, just occasionally… I guess it’s only about… 2 or 3 minutes per day… in those 2 or 3 minutes… I want to be someone like you...

[Bang bang!]

Vector: I thought everyone liked you because you were always a good girl.

PP90: Why do people have to like you because of good things?

Vector: ……

[Vector falls silent for a while.]

Vector: Thank you, PP90.

PP90: Huh？

Vector: And also, sorry.

[PP90 laughs with difficulty from Vector’s shoulder.]

PP90: Don’t waste the two things I want to hear the most at a time like this…

PP90: So please, just...

Vector: Forget it, we’re safe now…

Vector: Aren’t we, Mei-san?

[Mei emerges from the other end of the tunnel.]

Mei: I’m sorry, are you… alright?

Vector: “Alright”? In this state?

Vector: Why don’t you see how much of PP90’s waist is still attached to the rest of her, and my leg.

PP90: Mei-san… how’s Seele?

Mei: Seele’s become very powerful after absorbing the Honkai Energy… Kiana’s still buying time.

Mei: FN57-san and Headmistress Theresa are working on a plan.

PP90: FN57-san? Wow…

PP90: How bad are things that we need to use her plans...

Mei: I know you’re too badly hurt, PP90-san, so you should get a good rest first. But…

Mei: While it might not be good to talk in a place like this…

Mei: Vector-san, could I ask you to continue fighting after undergoing quick repairs?

Vector: *laughs coldly* Sounds like I’m back to the daily grind.

Vector: What do you need?

Mei: Sorry, let me take care of the Slain in front of us first.

Mei: Excuse me-

[Mei bows to Vector, then walks up to the Slain dolls and raises her weapon.]

Vector: I hate to interrupt, but we can’t hold out much longer even if it’s just standing up.

Mei: Headmistress Theresa will come and pick us up in person in 5 minutes.

Vector: Hah, I thought a mere doll wasn’t important, particularly me.

PP90: You’re important to me, Vivi.

PP90: At the very least, you did a good job of serving as my legs for fleeing.

Vector: I’m flattered. By the way, did you choose “fleeing” specifically because you knew what I could bear?

PP90: Hehe, that’s right… *coughs* … and I know you can bear more.

Vector: Thank you. Sounds like I’m going to be much more important now.

Mei: At the very least, Vector-san, you can’t determine how important you are by yourself.

Mei: Trust me. This time, both worlds need you.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

[The battle nears its end.]

Seele: …Kiana-nee?

Seele: Are you still going to fight?

Seele: And Mei-nee…

Seele: I’m grateful that you came, but…

Seele: You still don’t dare to strike the fatal blow to Seele, don’t you?

Mei: Seele...

Seele: Hehe…

Seele: It’s because Himeko-san was like you that she still couldn’t stop Seele from taking Bronya away after using that Nexus.

Kiana: That’s because nobody wants to hurt you, Seele!

Seele: What you don’t want to hurt is just Seele’s body, right?

Mei: It’s not related to the other Seele…

Mei: Everyone just… wants to save you...

Seele: Save me? Seele’s about to be happy in this new world…

Seele: And you? All you need to do is forget Seele and Bronya and go back before the tunnel vanishes!

Kiana: Seele, you’ve brought Honkai Energy to this world, so it’s going to end up like our world sooner or later…

Kiana: It’ll break down too… so you won’t be happy.

Seele: At least Seele will have a power that this world doesn’t have!

Seele: Nobody in this world can defeat Seele before Seele vanishes!

Seele: And nothing else… will be able to harm Bronya-nee...

Mei: You’re wrong, Seele.

Mei: We’ll defeat you right now...

Seele: You? What do you have now? Just a pack of obedient puppets!

Seele: A bunch of puppets who only know how to follow orders, just like that useless Seele! It doesn’t matter how many of those you have!

Kiana: Seele… did you know?

Kiana: The key to our victory doesn’t lie in those Tactical Dolls.

Seele: Hehe, Seele knew, of course…

Seele: Headmistress Theresa…

Seele: you wanted to take Bronya-nee away during this time, am I right?

Theresa: Huh？

Seele: Seele noticed you from the start.

Seele: The doll echelons were just bait to buy time so you could get into the park, am I right?

Seele: While you tried to conceal your presence, it was just too strong, so Seele’s been paying attention to you all this time.

Theresa: My my, I was found out?

Theresa: Then it can’t be helped. My work here is done.

Kiana: Thank you, Headmistress. You came just in time.

Seele: What?

Theresa: Unfortunately, I just came to look around, and incidentally draw your attention.

Seele: ……！

Theresa: Bronya was long since taken away by someone else…

Theresa: or to be precise, some other doll.

Vector: Sorry, Seele-san. My revolting self has appeared before you again.

Vector: But don’t worry, I won’t be following you again… because it’s going to be farewell soon.

FN-57: Seele-san, you can’t sense dolls, can you?

Himeko: Dolls don’t have Honkai Energy in them, and they don’t even show any regular life signs.

Himeko: Vector-san was the star of this rescue from the beginning. She’s familiar with the area and skilled at operating independently.

Vector: You should be grateful for the quick repair. Also, here’s a surprise for you, Seele-san.

Seele: That’s impossible. Seele can sense Bronya-nee’s still here.

Seele: You’re lying to Seele! You never took Bronya-nee away!

Himeko: It’s true that Broyna hasn’t gone far.

Himeko: She’s right beside you.

？？: Seele.

[Seele hears a voice and turns around.]

Seele: Bronya… nee…

Seele: Even Bronya-nee’s going to fight Seele too?

Bronya: Bronya doesn’t want to hurt Seele.

Seele: Then join Seele and help finish off all the obstacles here…

Seele: Everything will end right away!

Bronya: Bronya had a weird dream.

Bronya: Bronya saw herself, taller, with red eyes, and… a popular personality.

Vector: Sorry, I had to use a bit of psychology when waking her up-

Seele: The nerve of you! How dare you treat Bronya-nee that way!

Seele: You’re still… you’re still speaking of that little clown and Bronya-nee in the same breath!

Vector: Oh yes. Nauseating that I was, I still managed to do something you couldn’t.

Seele: What did you say?

Vector: That was… to make Bronya-san like Seele all over again.

Bronya: Bronya knew that wasn’t the real Bronya.

Bronya: Bronya… could only live as Bronya.

Bronya: And Seele… was Seele really living as Seele?

Seele: What are you saying… Bronya-nee…

Seele: Seele... is Seele, of course...

Bronya: No.

Bronya: Bronya is asking Seele.

Seele: Huh？

Bronya: The real Seele.

[Badump!]

[Seele’s hand twitches.]

Seele?: That’s enough…

Seele: No…

Seele: Not now...

Seele?: As I thought, I shouldn’t have left it to you...

Bronya: Seele, it’s time to wake up.

Seele: No… no!

Seele: Bronya-nee, please…

Seele: Seele… Seele doesn’t want to disappear again!

Seele?: Seele will not disappear…

Seele?: Seele will just…

Seele?: Become part of Seele again...

Seele: Now… come back, Seele.

Seele: Come back here, to Seele...

[Seele suddenly loses her balance and Bronya hurries over to help her up.]

[And then, Seele opens her eyes.]

Seele: Bronya-nee?

Seele: Seele… is back.

Bronya: ……

Bronya: Welcome back, Seele.

…………

Kiana: Whew… that should be the end of everything, right?

Kiana: What do you think, FN57-san?

FN-57: It’s been neatly tied up. I can bring this before FAL-san now.

Mei: Kiana, don’t get careless. We haven’t cleared up the Honkai Energy yet.

Kiana: That’s the Headmistress’ job, isn’t it?

Theresa: Hah? No way, I’m busy with a lot of things.

Theresa: Did you know? This world doesn’t even know what Stigmata are!

Theresa: Himeko can handle the Honkai Energy cleanup!

Theresa: (TL Note: Homu/Stigmata are apparently a type of equipment in Houkai.)

Himeko: Hah… I just knew it…

Himeko: Still, not today. I want to go back, take a bath and relax at Griffin’s bar.

Kiana: Me too! I’ve been a commander all this time, now I want to mingle with my doll subordinates!

FN-57: Resting for a while is fine, but don’t take it too far.

FN-57: Make sure you fix the command post before our Commander gets here.

FN-57: Speaking of which, Kiana-san, how’s PP90’s condition?

Kiana: She should be able to enter the quick repair phase soon.

Kiana: Vector, you’ll be able to see her soon.

Vector: Why do I have to be tied to her...

Kiana: Hehe, PP90 told us that.

Kiana: She also told us about how you awakened Bronya and the real Seele.

Vector: PP90 taught me about it at the last minute. When it comes to digiminds, we’ve learned through long experience.

Kiana: So you’ve got a friend who speaks the same language as you now?

Vector: We’re just wardmates.

Kiana: In any case! Vector, you’re not allowed to not turn up for tonight’s gathering!

Vector: *shrugs* You’re the client, so go ahead.

……

[That night, the members of Destiny and the Griffin dolls had a cheerful gathering.]

[Three days later, at the Griffin base.]

？？: Vector！

？？: Vector! Wake up!

Vector: Ugh……

……

Kiana: Breakfast’s ready! Hurry up and get up!

Kiana: Honestly, it’s just like PP90 said, you’re the biggest slugabed in Griffin!

Vector: That just means PP90 knows too few dolls...

[Vector crawls out of bed and takes a long yawn.]

Vector: Also, I should be the one going “Honestly”, right? I’m waking up earlier than usual...

Kiana: Hey! I woke you up in person, don’t you think you ought to be saying something?

Vector: Thanks.

Vector: So, what’s next?

Kiana: The Commander’s coming back today, so shouldn’t you be a bit more enthusiastic?

Vector: Whatever, someone like me is…

Vector: Eh… hang on…

Vector: Kiana-san?

Kiana: What!?

Vector: Didn’t you… already leave?

Kiana: What do you mean, leave? I’ve been right here all this time!

Vector: ……

Vector: Oh yeah...

Vector: This is… the doll Theresa-san left behind.

Vector: Himeko-san even said that we could collect more data to perfect the rest of the dolls.

FN-57: Good morning, Vivi!

FN-57: Kiana-san said she wouldn’t do it, but in the end she went to wake you up.

Vector: How come even you’re calling me that now...

FN-57: Hehe, everyone’s been calling you that since that day.

FN-57: So, how did you like this morning’s service?

Vector: It was wonderful. It feels like Kiana shook apart the circuits in my head.

Vector: Couldn’t you have gotten Mei-san to wake me up instead?

FN-57: How about having Seele-san do it next? We even managed to work out the data for that dangerous personality of hers.

Vector: Fantastic, I haven’t had nightmares in a long time.

Vector: Speaking of which, did they figure out what the weapon they tracked here was?

FN-57: According to Theresa, it was something like a Jupiter Cannon.

FN-57: But the Jupiter Cannon of this world couldn’t have done it, so it might have been us from an alternate dimension.

Vector: Then it’s none of our business. But is the Commander coming back today?

FN-57: He’ll be back by noon. According to Theresa-san, Honkai Energy might spread due to human observation, so he had to evacuate for a while...

Vector: If it was physical monsters...

FN-57: Hey, aren’t you called “vector”?

Vector: Then are you good at math?

FN-57: Ugh… you…

FN-57: I thought you’d be more straightforward in speaking after hanging around with the others for a few days.

Vector: The others have their pleasures and I have my own.

PP90: Vivi! You’re up!

Vector: *sighs* Good, now there’s no “my own” any more.

FN57: Enjoy the rest of your scant vacation, Vivi~

Bronya: Good morning, Vivi-san.

PP90: Vivi! Come help me take a picture!

PP90: Hurry! I want a pretty memento for the Commander!

Vector: You two... are you that close now?

Vector: Right, I’m taking it. Here? Now?

Bronya: Now.

PP90: Now!

……

Vector: Don’t move around. Look at me.

PP90: Make me look prettier!

Vector: Alright, then you’ll have to suffer a little, Bronya.

Bronya: Bronya wants to be pretty too.

Vector: No problem. Sorry about that, PP90.

PP90: Vivi! Can’t you make us both look good?

Vector: I’m sorry, but the world is beautiful because it’s imperfect.

PP90: Hmph! Do as you like, then!

PP90: Bronya, can you say “cheese”?

Bronya: Is it a photo for lunch?

PP90: Uu… ah, forget it, You say it, Vivi!

Vector: I’ll say it again, don’t move.

Vector: Your curls are going to get tangled up if you two sundae heads keep wobbling your heads around.

Vector: 3, 2, 1, Chee-se!

[Ka-chak!]

…………

PP90: Not bad right, given Vivi’s skills.

Vector: Oh yes, I apologize for not managing to capture a hundredth of your deviousness.

Bronya: Bronya is happy with this.

PP90: Honestly, you didn’t even smile, Bronya!

PP90: And Vivi even said “cheese”...

PP90: Huh… wait, does it mean that you were smiling, Vivi?

Vector: You can say “cheese” without smiling provided you make ample use of your jaw.

Bronya: Vivi definitely smiled just now.

PP90: Hehe, what were we saying just now~♪

Vector: What? I was glad to return to the past. Isn’t that worth being happy about?

PP90: We can’t ever go back to the past, Vivi.

Vector: ……？

PP90: All we can do is just… make the past more valuable.

PP90: All the good things, the bad things…

PP90: In the end, it’s all these things put together that make up a “world” that belongs to us.

Vector: ……

Vector: Perhaps.

[What made me hate this world was the fact that today was once again the worst day in my life.]

[But I was not too sad, because tomorrow could always be worse…]

[Still, that also meant that yesterday, or the day before…]

[or sometime in the past, there had been a pretty decent day, right?]

[If I could recall a few of the things that were worth cherishing, and live my life positively for their sake… that ought not to be too bad, right?]

PP90: Vivi, you did smile!

PP90: You smiled just now, didn’t you!

Girls' Frontline: Only Master END

——See you in the next world.

