...

—Manhattan, USA.

After the crisis erupted, this isolated city on the verge of collapse was engulfed by storms and the darkness of night...

......

The sounds of gunfire and glint of bullets cut through the wind and snow.

The chaotic air currents churn the snowflakes into a whirling vortex which then slowly settle back down onto the icy-cold concrete roadblocks.

The silhouettes of two girls vault over a roadblock in rapid succession, then turn around to press their backs against the police car by the side of the road. One of them closes the half-opened driver-side door, and her form is reflected in the window's glass.

Am RFB: Hehehe, we're back here again.

???: Agents, looks like you're close to completing the mission. We'll meet at the rendezvous point as planned. Best of luck.

MDR: I've heard those words so many times that I feel like they've worn a groove into my neural cloud.

Am RFB: Hahaha, how would you even put a groove into a neural cloud...

Am RFB: Hey!

MDR: What?

Am RFB: Quit making frowny faces at the car window and deploy the turret over there, at the usual place!

MDR: Come to think of it, how many times has it been already?

MDR: Can't we attack from a different direction?

Am RFB: Well, it'll be the same no matter where we go. After all, the opposition are a bunch of pretty tough customers.

Am RFB: Let me think... Got it, we'll look for an opportunity to flank them. That way we'll win for sure!

MDR: You want the two of us to flank that horde of enemies we're facing?

Am RFB: Erm, well, if we had a little more time...

???: Agents, we're out of time. The JTF chopper is standing by; please inform them of your location with your signal flare and complete the recovery!

Am RFB: Don't just call up to shoot down my ideas, dammit!

MDR: All that bloody woman does is talk over the radio, she doesn't know what the hell we're going through out here... Eeeek!

A torrent of enemy fire rains down on the cop car which they're using as cover and throws up a shower of sparks. MDR reflexively throws out a seeker mine, which activates and swiftly rolls out from under the vehicle.

Am RFB: Nicely done, MDR!

MDR: I mean, I'm the one suffering here. Seriously, that was my last one!

The moment it explodes, MDR glances at the street opposite the cop car and spots several burly, heavily-armed men there.

They're wearing wristwatches that glow blood red, their movements are swift and coordinated, and all this is being directed by an enemy behind them.

In the same moment, a mechanical noise comes over Am RFB and MDR's shoulders—

ISAC: Warning. High-threat hostile detected.

???: Looks like there's "big trouble" headed your way. Be careful!

MDR: Oh yes, just in time too!

Am RFB: Focus your fire on a single target!

Am RFB: If we take them out one after the other, we ought to have a chance...

ISAC: Warning. Vital signs indicate possibility of infection.

MDR: Tsk! Not again... Aren't the chances of infection in the Dark Zone way too high?

MDR: Do you still have medicine?

Am RFB: Who's got time for that now? They're about to overrun us!

MDR: No no no, I still remember how I got sick and died last time. I don't want to go down in the same place again...

Am RFB: Whoa! Look out! Incendiary!

Boom!

There is an explosion, followed immediately by a mass of flames that ignites MDR's body. She immediately jumps up from behind her cover.

MDR: Owww hot hot hot hot hot!

Am RFB: Wait, MDR, don't run around!

However, the burning MDR completely ignores Am RFB's words. The moment she leaps out from behind cover, all the firepower pouring down on the cop car focuses on her.

MDR: Uwaaaaaah!

MDR: Am RFB, I'm down! Quick, save me!

Am RFB: You're too far out.

Am RFB: Try getting a little closer...

Am RFB: Eh?!

Just as she's about to reach out for MDR's hand, Am RFB hears the sound of heavy breathing from behind her. She instinctively whirls around to face it, but the muzzle of her opponent's gun is already pointed at her.

...

???: Unfortunately, Agents, you've failed.

???: Hopefully, you'll regroup and try—

...

—4:36AM, in the Griffin dorms.

Am RFB: Not agaaaaiiiiiiiiin—!

Am RFB wails in despair as she disconnects from Level II.

The response to this cry is an angry banging on the wall that connects to her neighbor's room.

A Doll Who Got Woken Up: Oi! What the hell are you shouting about this late at night! Playing ELID?!

Am RFB: Urgh...!

Knowing that she's inconvenienced the other Doll, Am RFB decides to just keep her mouth shut, but the voice of "that woman" scorning her for failing again resounds clearly in her mind.

Am RFB has always taken pride in her skills as a pro gamer, and the very thought of it pisses her off, but before she can reconnect to Level II, someone storms into her room with a huge scowl.

MDR: Let's play another game!

Am RFB: Huh? You're giving up already?

MDR: Who would have thought The Division would be so hard.

Am RFB: Well, it's only natural for games to be a bit challenging. Otherwise, what would be the fun in playing them?

MDR: Fun?

MDR: In the first place, it was a very old game circulating on Grifchan. I decided to go play it to unlock all the achievements because it seemed interesting, but instead we've been dying right before the mission finished, over and over again, from 9:30 PM to 4:30 AM.

MDR: I don't know if this is fun or not, but the lifespan of my parts is quickly running out!

Am RFB: Well, it's not like we've been on missions recently anyway, so what's wrong with killing some time?

MDR: Have you heard that urban legend recently about a civilian Doll who had mobility issues because her parts got old and she ended up slipping and falling into a furnace ...

Am RFB: Aaaaaahhhhh! Ahh! Ahhh! Don't tell me about it!

MDR: Then hurry up and play a different game!

Am RFB: Honestly, what am I going to do with you. Since you can't handle a challenge, why don't we play on Normal?

MDR: Play on Normal? What does that mean?

Am RFB: Well, if it's difficult to play with just two people...

Am RFB: Then wouldn't it be easier if you had more people helping you?

MDR: Can we really get that many people to help?

Am RFB: Of course we can! This game supports up to 24 players at once!

MDR: ...

MDR: So you're saying you were just making the game harder on purpose?!

Am RFB: Ah, well, you can't really say that!

Am RFB: We were just starting out, so I wanted to test the waters...

MDR: (Sighs) So, how are you going to get another 22 players to join us?

MDR: I mean, we gamers aren't exactly numerous to begin with, and this is a pretty old game too. Even if we went and asked people, they might not be interested, you know?

Am RFB: Oh, that's simple. We'll just have to offer them an incentive!

MDR: What incentive?

Am RFB: Didn't you say something about them browsing Grifchan regularly? If you use "that", they'll be jumping at the chance to take part.

MDR: What is "that", anyway?

Am RFB: Well, to be precise, come a bit closer...

Am RFB: (Whisper whisper whisper)

MDR: Hm...

MDR: Mhm...

MDR: Ohhhh!

MDR: That...that sounds really fun!

Am RFB: Hehe, all we need to do is post something like that on Grifchan and the game will fill up in no time!

MDR: Plus, we'll get to show off our skills to those noobs. I'm kind of looking forward to it now, hahaha!

Am RFB: Well, it's only to be expected since we're pros, hahahaha!

Bang! Bang bang!

Doll Who Got Woken Up: SHUT THE HELL UP!!!

The two Dolls are swiftly silenced by the wrathful voice from next door, and they shush each other with index fingers held in front of their lips. However, they give each other a thumbs-up with their free hands...and so begins their plan.

...

Late at night, a post shows up on Grifchan...

—Griffin HQ.

It's morning, and the warm sunlight shines in through the skylight.

The corridors are still quiet. Groups of two or three people walk by every now and then, but when they pass by the Data Room, something seems to catch their attention. After stopping and watching for a while, they enter.

Inside the Data Room, a large group of Dolls have congregated outside the door of the innermost room.

Commander: What's so interesting?

Doll Passerby: Ah, good morning, Commander...

Doll Passerby: It's Miss Kalina, something seems to be wrong with her.

The Doll points inside the room, where Kalina is sprawled motionless on her desk.

The Dolls don't think she's ill, probably because she's radiating an aura of unapproachability.

Kalina: Ah... Good morning, Commander...

Commander: Ugh, you look terrible...

Commander: Are you alright?

Kalina: Uh... Yeah...

Kalina forcefully slaps her cheeks, and after recovering her spirits, she seems a little better.

...Probably.

Kalina: Sorry, I had a really long session of Radio Kalina last night...

Kalina: And I haven't been able to sleep because something's been bothering me lately...

Commander: So you pulled an all-nighter?

Commander: This isn't a good habit, but if that's the reason, then you'd better go catch up on your sleep.

Kalina: But-but how could I do that?

Commander: It's better than you wearing yourself out. Relax, the only thing that needs doing today is the accounting, and you can do that tomorrow.

Commander: Leave whatever's been bothering you till tomorrow as well.

Kalina: ...Ugh, the accounts ARE what's bothering me!

Commander: ...What's wrong with the accounts?

Kalina: Here's the thing... I was checking our income and expenditure for the previous quarter and I found that even after factoring in the funds we've been allocated and adding in all the commissions for all our future assignments, we won't be able to break even.

Kalina: And the worst part is that the discrepancy is only going to grow as time goes on!

Commander: Wait a minute. So you're saying...

Kalina: Yes, we're out of money.

Kalina: We're not penniless yet, but it's only a matter of time before we get there.

Commander: We haven't been able to accept commissions and fulfill contracts for various reasons recently, but that alone shouldn't be enough to put us into such a state.

Kalina: No, it's a stain on my professional career for allowing our finances to dip into the red!

Commander: Well, you don't need to be so hard on yourself. I'll talk to Miss Helian about this. Before that, you should go get some rest.

Commander: You girls, take care of Kalina. I'm heading to my office for a bit.

Surrounding Dolls: Sure thing!

After sorting out everything, the Commander turns around and is about to leave the office before coming face to face with a couple of Dolls.

R93: Huh, the Commander's here!

K5: Good morning~

Commander: Let me guess, looking for me?

R93: Well...we were mainly looking for Miss Kalina. It seemed like her sort of thing.

Commander: Kalina burned the midnight oil and she's resting now. I'd advise you not to disturb her for the time being.

K5: I see. Well, that's a shame.

Commander: What exactly happened? Can you tell me about it?

R93: Well, a friend just saw this on Grifchan.

R93 seems ready to demonstrate and gestures for me to check my personal data terminal. It shows a connection request coming from R93 herself.

After clicking "accept", a message expands to fill the tablet's screen. There is a spiral-shaped logo on it.

Commander: ..."New major event — 'The Division' Survival Tournament"?

Commander: What's this, were you going to invite Kalina to play?

R93: Not really. The important part is the reward — the winner gets a prize of 10 million dollars! 10 million!

Commander: Offering that kind of money is typically the lead-in to a scam of some sort. Sounds very sketchy to me.

K5: You sound pretty familiar with this sort of thing?

Commander: Things like this were common enough back in the peaceful days. And when you consider the state of the world now...

Commander: You get my drift.

K5: But I did a quick reading just now and my financial luck is going to be great today. No matter how you look at it, it all seems related to this game tournament.

K5: Are you really not going to consider it?!

Commander: Well, you say that, but I'm sure nobody would be interested in a dubious message like...

Kalina's Voice: Did somebody say 10 million bucks?!

...

...Perhaps I spoke too soon, because someone actually IS interested in it.

K5: Ah, Miss Kalina!

Commander: How come you're suddenly so full of energy? Are you alright?

Kalina: I'm perfectly fine!

Commander: You look much better now, but you didn't sleep at all last night, so maybe you shouldn't take this kind of suspicious news so seriously.

Kalina: Wait a minute, Commander. Whether it's real or not, it's still 10 million dollars!

Kalina: If we can get our hands on that prize money, all our financial woes will be solved!

Commander: Uh, maybe you should calm down a little.

Kalina: How can I stay calm after hearing that? This is my ticket to not being known as "the financial black hole" among the adjutant circle!

Commander: ...Do base adjutants actually have their own social scene?

Kalina: R93, this message was posted on Grifchan, right?

R93: Huh? Y-yeah, but why?

Kalina: Very good, then our mission for today will be to take part in this event and win 10 million dollars!

Commander: Wait a minute, we're not on vacation today...

K5: But we haven't been deployed on any missions recently!

Commander: ...Right, I forgot about that part.

Kalina: Therefore, I'm sure you understand just how important this is. Without that 10 million, we'll have nothing to do BUT go on vacation.

Kalina: So please, just for today, help me solve our financial problems!

Commander: You're seriously going to solve our financial crisis by playing games?

Commander: ...Oh well. But only for today.

Kalina: You're the best!

Commander: I'm only doing this because I don't want you to be so frustrated, but you should know that this isn't the right way to solve your financial woes.

Commander: And if we don't get that 10 million, I'll still have to consult Miss Helian about the matter.

Kalina: No problem! I'll go arrange things right away!

Kalina's previous fatigue is swept away, and she rushes out of the room, brimming with energy.

Commander: ...

Commander: This is a little worrying, but it's good that she's all cheered up now.

...

—Manhattan, America.

Kalina: ...Is this New York?

Kalina: I've seen pictures of it on the Net, but I didn't think they could put such a huge city into a game. This is amazing!

Commander: Leaving that aside for now, why are we the only two playing the game?

Kalina: Aw, playing games is easy! Just shoot the enemy until they die and you win!

ISAC: Warning. Contamination detected.

Kalina: Huh?

Commander: Contamination... Sounds like there's ELID infection in the area.

Kalina: S-surely it can't be that. It should be some other kind of disease, right?

ISAC: Warning. Core temperature has fallen below ideal levels.

Kalina: Is the game THAT realistic?!

Commander: I mean, it's snowing really heavily... Though I have to say, the conditions this game is simulating are pretty harsh. Seems worse than the Green Zones.

Dima: Agents, this is Dima.

Dima: Things don't seem too bad on your end, but the mission takes priority no matter what. Enter the Dark Zone, obtain the medicine, then withdraw!

Kalina: So our mission is to recover medicine?

Kalina: Speaking of which, who is this Dima person anyway?

Dima: I am Agent Dima of the Strategic Homeland Division.

Dima: I was only awakened several days ago, but from now on, I will be assisting you in completing this mission.

Commander: I see, so she's an in-game NPC. She'll probably teach us how to play the game.

Dima: It seems your ISACs haven't malfunctioned yet, so why not check your status before heading out?

Dima: I will provide more information when the need arises. Good luck, Agents.

【Transmission ends.】

Kalina: By ISAC, was she referring to that AI-like voice?

ISAC: Intelligent System Analytic Computer is activated. All ISAC systems are confirmed online.

ISAC: Please begin weapons check....

Commander: See, this is the tutorial for new players.

Kalina: Hehe, do we even need such a thing?

Kalina winks at me, a confident look on her face.

Commander: Well, our objective is just recovering medicine, but we'll probably run into a lot of trouble on the way, so we'd best be careful.

Kalina: Don't worry. I don't get a chance to do this very often, but now that I'm in the game, I ought to show my stuff!

And so the pair — who have entered the game as agents — chatter cheerfully as they walk down the streets.

...

Soon, the sound of crisp gunshots wafts out through the fog.

Dima: ...

Dima: Unfortunately...

—In the Commander's office.

Commander: ...

R93: Commander, Miss Kalina... You've finished already?

K5: Let me guess, with the Commander around, it must've been an easy victory, right?

Commander: Ahem, see for yourself.

Kalina: Huh...?

R93: I take back what I just said...

Kalina: Dammit! I can't believe there were other players in the game besides us!

Commander: Well, the game's offering a prize of 10 million dollars. Obviously there'd be lots of people competing for it.

Kalina: No, that's not the issue here. The point is - how is it possible that the opposition could kill us all in an instant?!

Kalina: This is just like, just like…what's the word again? It's at the tip of my tongue—

Commander: You mean... Someone was messing around?

Kalina: Yes, you're absolutely right!

Kalina: That's got to be it!

R93: Actually, what if it's something else?

R93: I mean, the event is publicized on Grifchan, so it's possible that you were going up against...

K5: Tactical Dolls... I think?

Commander: That's actually quite likely.

Kalina: So Dolls can take part in this tournament too?

Commander: Well, the message didn't specify.

Commander: Dolls with fire control cores have an overwhelming advantage in combat. There's no way that we, as humans, could beat them in the game...

Commander: Still, that actually makes things easier for us.

Meanwhile, in the game...

Am RFB: Speaking of which, are we getting new players to join in already?

MDR: You mean those two scrubs that we just slaughtered? Yeah, we're getting new players alright.

Am RFB: Hehehe, as I thought, even Dolls are motivated by money.

Am RFB: Why don't we go on a stomping spree?

MDR: Of course we can, but I have to hand it to you for coming up with this plan. You're so evil.

Am RFB: Oh please, just wait until you see what comes next, hahahaha!

MDR: Hahahahaha...

...

MDR: Huh...?

Am RFB: AHHHHHHHH!!!!

MDR: H-how come it's gone?!

Am RFB: Quick, reconnect, reconnect!

MDR: Ah, don't worry, the game's just started, so we should still have enough time!

Am RFB: But we'll lose our early-game progress... Hurry, hurry!

...

Am RFB: Whew~

Am RFB: We managed to sign in again...

...

Am RFB: NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!

...

Dima: (Sigh) Can I really count on these Dolls?

System: 20 players remaining.

—Hudson Refugee Camp, Manhattan.

Dima: It seems your ISACs haven't malfunctioned yet, so why not check your status before heading out?

Dima: I will provide more information when the need arises. Good luck, Agents.

R93: Was that the NPC the Commander was talking about?

K5: There's nobody else but her, right...

K5: I see, it looks like she provides tutorials and suggestions depending on our game progression. Seems like a pretty useful NPC.

K5: However, she has an unlucky face.

Dima: Thank you for your feedback. I will take it to heart.

R93: Pffft, this NPC can respond appropriately to our comments.

K5: She seems to be a pretty high-end AI. Was the technology of that era this advanced?

R93: Whichever the case, some players do need NPCs like this to liven up the mood.

R93: Look at that shorty over there, she's been all nervous and jittery ever since she logged on with us just now.

PP-90: Huh? I'm trembling?

K5: You're trying to put on a strong front, 90, but you're not used to this place and it's written all over your face.

PP-90: ...Granted, I'm not very used to playing shooting games in simulated environments like this, but that's hardly enough to make me tremble.

PP-90: I mean, as long as our mission isn't too difficult... Right, Vivi?

Vector: ...

R93: She's ignoring you.

PP-90: C-come on, say something!

Vector remains unresponsive to PP-90's prompt. Instead, she leans against a nearby piece of cover, then stands up and leans over it again...

Finally, she raises her gun and accurately hits several beer bottles and empty cans in the distance.

Dima: Well done, Agent.

Dima: The streets are now fields of slaughter. Hopefully, your participation will bring a ray of hope to this city.

R93: ...Is she going through the newbie tutorial?

K5: Well, if we were to list the Dolls who always follow instructions to a tee, Vivi would have to be one of them.

PP-90: Didn't you go through the tutorial as well?

K5: I skipped it all!

R93: Don't proclaim that so proudly in front of your squad leader!

PP-90: Speaking of which, how come you're also playing the game? And why are you calling Vivi your leader?

PP-90: We're not even on the same squad!

K5: Well, the Commander said we'd get a share of the prize money if we won.

R93: Also, it seems that this game is a free-for-all, which means we can team up amongst ourselves.

R93: Since we're all here to help the Commander win, we'll have a better chance if we work together, right?

PP-90: Your motives are so impure... All Vivi needs is a reliable squadmate like me.

Vector: I think I could have handled this on my own without the extra manpower the Commander arranged for me.

Vector: Still, with this many players, I'm sure the competition will be intense...

Vector: Every extra companion will be someone else to look out for, but since this is what the Commander wants, I will accept this grouping.

R93: Hehe, don't sound so reluctant. In any case, Squad Vivi is officially founded!

R93: Let's all do our best then, 90!

PP-90: You should thank Vivi for her generosity... Hey, quit pulling my hair!

K5: Speaking of which, did you make any special preparations for this tournament, Vivi?

K5: Do you have some sort of game plan?

Vector: Dima just gave us some recommendations, didn't she?

Vector: Before we can even consider winning, we have to solve the problem of having to keep ourselves warm. Then, we need to stay healthy, and we also have to procure supplies within the city...

K5: Those sound like basic needs for human survival.

R93: Yes, yes, I know, they're the sort of external factors that we can normally disregard because we're Dolls...

System: Player "Pink Nyan Nyan Punch" has died of hypothermia.

R93: Ehh? Who's "Pink Nyan Nyan Punch"?!

R93: And how did she die from hypothermia, is she human or something?

K5: Didn't the Commander say that all the players were Dolls?

Dima: Looks like a squad of agents has taken casualties because they couldn't adapt to the environment.

Dima: The current temperature in Manhattan is -25 degrees centigrade, going as low as -30 in some places.

Dima: If you're not careful, you'll meet the same fate as that fallen agent.

Dima: Please make sure to keep warm, Agents.

R93: I don't feel anything though. Can we really freeze to death?

Vector: Well, the game is being played on Level II, after all. Our virtual avatars probably share certain algorithms with this world in order to maintain data compatibility.

Vector: There are advantages and drawbacks to this, of course. We can use weapons freely, but it also means poor conditions will affect us, especially since we aren't used to taking human survival needs into consideration.

Vector: In order to avoid danger, we should plan carefully and tread lightly.

R93: That sounds tough. K5, what did you say about our chances of winning earlier?

K5: I think we shouldn't rely so much on fate when the game's just begun.

K5: Also, when you think about it, this kind of playstyle is pretty fun, isn't it?

K5: Oh yeah, why don't we find some enemies for target practice?

PP-90: We're going on the offensive?

R93: Well, if we need to prepare so much beforehand like Vivi says, then we probably won't run into any Doll players just yet, unless there really are idiots out there who'll just charge in without second thought...

Bang bang bang bang bang—

???: For vodka—!!!

???: YPAAAAAAAAA—!!!

Bang bang bang bang bang — bang bang bang bang—

R93: ...Er.

PP-90: Whoa, they really are charging over!

K5: Looks like you hold some potential as an oracle.

R93: I don't want that kind of potential!

K5: Still, I expected this. Since they're here, let's shoot back! Get them!

R93: Uh... Leader, K5's charging out. Should we follow her?

Vector: No, we're falling back.

R93: F-falling back?

K5: Ehhhh—! But why?

Vector: Everything in this city goes according to the rules of the game, which means we have no way of detecting the presence of other Dolls nearby.

Vector: In other words, even if we beat our current opponents, we won't know for sure that there aren't any opportunists lurking in the shadows and waiting for a chance to pick off the survivors. So let's avoid a confrontation for now.

K5: Aw— Well, that's a shame. My divination was telling me that we'd definitely be able to beat this wave!

R93: Weren't you the one who said we shouldn't rely on fate so much early on in the game?!

Inside the Hudson Refugee Camp...

An enemy's skull explodes from a well-placed shot. Immediately after that, Squad Vivi passes through the perimeter with K5 in the lead, moving deep into the camp's interior.

PP-90: Vivi... Something's not right.

PP-90: I have a feeling that someone else is around...

Vector: The enemy probably won't have been wiped out so soon, so it's good that you're staying alert. Although...

Vector: Could you please stop hugging me?

PP-90: But I feel safer this way~

Vector: But if we get ambushed, neither of us will be safe.

Dima: Agents, this location is being held by a large number of enemies. Please be careful.

R93: We knew that already!

R93: Leader, they look like pretty tough customers, and things look even worse inside. Are you sure you want to continue onward?

K5: These enemies are designed to be killed by players, so why shouldn't we go ahead?

R93: You never know...

K5: Relax, I've got a feeling that we'll make it out in one piece even if we're in dire straits!

R93: Ugh... Just let Leader decide what to do.

Vector: Ah...

Vector: I was only thinking about how to operate on my own.

PP-90: Vivi...spare a thought for me, won't you?

K5: And me!

Vector: Ugh...

R93: I guess our leader isn't too used to working with so many people, huh?

Vector: ...The terrain here is comparatively enclosed. If we can lure our pursuers here, we should be able to bog them down.

Vector: That way they won't be able to keep chasing us, whether they're one or many.

Vector: If you can keep up with me...

K5: Ohhh! So all we have to do is stick to your ass, right? Piece of cake!
Part 2

2

...

Dima: Enemy eliminated, agents. Looks like you've got a lot of potential!

K5: Screw potential, we're stuck in a dead end now, aren't we?

PP-90: There ought to be other routes we can take. I'll take a look up ahead!

Vector: Will you be alright going by yourself?

PP-90: (Smirks) It's enough that you're concerned about me, Vivi.

Vector: No, I'm just worried that you won't be able to complete the mission...

PP-90: Relax, Vivi, I'll come back to you ASAP!

Vector: Look, it's not...

Vector: She sure runs fast...

K5: Oh! Wait for me, I'm coming too!

R93: Don't follow her just to look for some excitement!

K5: Why can't I?

R93: I'm actually kind of afraid that you'll run around and get 90 in trouble as well.

K5: Me? Run around? I didn't, did I?

K5: I mean no disrespect, but it was Leader Vivi who had chosen this route, right?

R93: You were the one dragging us along the whole way!

R93: And while we did manage to avoid the enemy, we also ended up running into lots of dead ends. We even retraced our own path a few times.

K5: No way, it's not that bad, is it?

Vector: While I don't know why the people behind us are dragging their feet, it's best to be careful.

R93: They might be dragging their feet, but they'll catch up to us eventually if we waste too much time.

R93: I don't want the squad's luck to go bad because of avoidable mistakes...

K5: Alright then, it's not like I don't understand why this worries you... Oof!

R93: What are you up to now?

K5: Relax~ Since leading the way isn't my forte, I'll contribute with my specialty...

K5: Let's do a divination to decide on which way to go!

R93: ...I knew it - all that stuff you said about not leaving things up to fate was a load of bull.

K5: That was then, this is now.

R93: Even so, it's not like you have a tarot deck here. How exactly are you going to divine the answer?

K5: Don't be ridiculous! Why would I need a tarot deck for a petty divination like this?

R93: Y-you mean, you've got an even more powerful method in store?

K5: I'm going to throw shoes.

Vector: ...

R93: K5, did you see Leader's mouth twitch just now? You saw it, right?!

K5: Do you not approve, Leader?

Vector: I don't really want the Commander to find out we died because we were throwing shoes around.

Vector: Also, could you not waste time on things like this?

K5: Don't worry. It'll be over right away! Now be a good girl, R93, and hand! Over! Your! Shoes!

R93: Ehhhhh?! Why me?!

R93: Hey! Wait, noooo, stay back!!!

——

R93: Huh? I hear gunshots!

R93: Wait a minute... I said wait, let go of my shoes!

K5: What the heck!

Vector: Listen to that... The enemies behind us are exchanging fire!

K5: Huh, so you're saying we did it?

R93: That's got to be it...right?

R93: Jeez, you nearly sacrificed my shoes for nothing... Hey, quit eyeing them!

Vector: Everyone, gear check. We'll leave once 90 returns.

K5: Huh? We're just going to leave?

R93: Do you really want to do a divination so badly?

K5: I'm just thinking that we might be pretty slow, but they seem even slower. Don't you want to see who's coming after us?

Vector: We don't need to waste time on our pursuers. Once 90 returns, we'll leave immediately.

PP-90: I'm back! Did you just say you needed me, Vivi?

Vector: Not really...

Vector: Did you find a way out?

K5: It's okay if you didn't, I can still— mmpphh!

PP-90: Hm? How come the two of you suddenly became such good friends while I was gone?

R93: Not at all! Hurry up and get to the point!

PP-90: Kay~

PP-90: Vivi, I found a zipline that'll get us out of here. I tried it and it took me out of the refugee camp.

PP-90: Also, I realized that the safe house marked on the map is not too far from here.

Vector: A safe house, you say?

Dima: Safe houses are excellent places to rest and regroup. If you have adequate supplies, you can craft gas masks there, which are essential in the Dark Zone.

Vector: Excellent. We'll pull out now and begin searching for resources. 90, lead the way.

PP-90: Sure!
Part 3

    3chevron_right

—Not long ago, a squad that had been hiding in the shadows since the beginning of the game stops following Squad Vector.

While they are stationary, they occasionally come under the NPC enemies' attacks, but three of the squad members make short work of them.

However, their leader remains motionless and gives her squadmates no indication on how to proceed. She merely studies the holographic map projected from her wristwatch with a delighted gleam in her eyes.

—Until one of her squad members has finally had enough.

416: Come on, don't you have a goal in mind, even if it's to win by killing off everyone else?

UMP45: The objective is to win.

UMP45: I explained that before we logged on.

416: Explained? All you said was "Let's go get paid!" and that was it.

416: What about a concrete plan of action?

UMP9: Aw, don't be in such a hurry, I'm sure 45 must be coming up with something.

UMP9: If you're feeling bored, we can go trade shots with the surrounding NPCs~ Who knows, we might be able to pick up some ration cans or whatnot from them?

416: You don't win by picking up cans!

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: But isn't this nice, 416? At least we can enjoy a good rest while we wait...

416: ...?!

416: Are you Gr G11?!

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: What are you talking about, of course it's me.

416: What the hell is this "Pink Nyan Nyan Punch" crap?!

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: Oh... I forgot to hide my username.

416: Hide your ID?

UMP9: I think it's a game setting...

UMP9: Players can't see each other's usernames for privacy reasons. It's the same for an ad hoc squad like ourselves.

416: I know that, but why did you pick such a weird name?

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: You don't understand the wisdom behind this...but I don't blame you.

416: I don't give a damn about its wisdom, but I do NOT want to see that name again!

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: Fine, I won't let you see it, then.

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: Those enemies you took out just now dropped a lot of stuff, I'll go loot their bodies.

416: I don't care where you go as long as you get that username away from me.

416: ...Dammit, she can barely keep her eyes open most of the time, but she perks up the moment she starts playing games.

...

System: Pink Nyan Nyan Punch has obtained Water.

416: ...

UMP9: Ahahaha, so the system displays your name?

System: Pink Nyan Nyan Punch has obtained a Chocolate Bar.

416: ......

System: Pink Nyan Nyan Punch has obtained Electronic Parts.

System: Pink Nyan Nyan Punch has obtained Electronic Parts.

System: Pink Nyan Nyan Punch has obtained Electronic Parts.

UMP9: Whoa, 416's fists are clenched so tight they're trembling.

416: Why can't the two of you just be normal for once?!

UMP9: Aw, don't be so hung up on it. Actually, Gr G11's username is pretty good.

UMP9: I mean, everyone goes around calling themselves "Verminator" or "Lobocop", but I'm sure nobody can bear the shame of being killed by "Pink Nyan Nyan Punch."

416: Just having someone with that username around me is shameful enough, okay?!

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: You're still on about that? I got all the loot already.

UMP9: Yeah yeah, you ought to relax and be more true to yourself. After all, it's just a game, right?

416: You are the ones who brought it up again, aren't you?

416: Besides, you're basically rubbing it in my face!

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: It's okay if you can't appreciate my choice of username yet, but you'll understand its greatness once I kill an enemy.

416: Save it for when you actually do it.

ISAC: Warning. Core temperature dropping.

416: The environment in this game sure is harsh...

416: Go check if there are any clothes to keep you warm in the stuff you just picked up.

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: I only have a soda, does that work?

416: Of course not!

ISAC: Warning. Risk of hypothermia is rising.

416: Seriously, ever since we logged on, we've been woefully unprepared.

416: If you still have no idea what we should do next, at least let us look for some warm clothing to protect us against the cold?

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: Actually, I HAVE been looking for clothes, but for some reason all the backpacks along the way were emptied out.

416: ...You're right, I would have noticed it earlier if you had actually found any clothes.

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: Now who's bringing that topic up again?

416: Erk!

416: Forget it, I need to forget that ASAP.

UMP9: Still, these low-temperature environments are really dangerous. It's only a game, but it sure brings back memories.

UMP9: Fortunately we don't have huge cannons firing at us this time round.

416: Fortunate or not, it doesn't change the fact that we're about to freeze to death!

416: Since we don't have clothes to keep warm, we should at least find a place to make a fire.

UMP9: Aw, don't worry. What sort of game would freeze you to death right out of the gate...

System: Player "Pink Nyan Nyan Punch" died of hypothermia.

416: ...

UMP9: Whoa whoa whoa, how come Gr G11 died all of a sudden?!

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: ...

416: Now everyone in the game knows there's a player called "Pink Nyan Nyan Punch".

416: Was that the reason you picked that name, Gr G11...?

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: ...

UMP9: This is bad, we'll freeze to death too if we stay here any longer!

UMP9: What should we do next...? We don't know where that NPC called Dima has gone to either.

UMP9: She was halfway through a greeting before she suddenly hung up, like we scared her off.

416: There's something wrong with her. Or rather, this entire tournament is more than what meets the eye...

UMP9: But you ended up joining anyway, didn't you?

416: Because Gr G11 kept nagging me... (Sighs) Well, I thought I'd humor her, but she got eliminated right away.

416: Also, if you really want the prize money, then we'd better get a move on before we all freeze to death.

416: Oi, 45!

UMP45: Hm~ This map of Manhattan sure is interesting.

416: I thought you'd already logged out of Level II and fallen asleep.

UMP45: I was simply taking my time to study the locations and status of the Griffin Dolls.

UMP9: Wow, that's amazing! How did you do that?

UMP45: Oh, I just made some "little preparations" to ensure our victory... Where's Gr G11?

416: She froze to death because you were twiddling your thumbs.

UMP45: I see.

416: What the hell do you mean "I see"?! We've only just started and we've already taken casualties! You really think we can keep on playing like this?

UMP45: Well, Gr G11 was never suited to surviving in such harsh conditions. Besides, this is a game. Don't take it so seriously.

UMP45: Come, it's time to enjoy the show those Griffin Dolls will be putting on for us.

416: Do you have a plan?

UMP45: A plan? Oh ja, a plan that will ensure an easy victory for us.

416: Then what about Gr G11?

UMP45: ...

Pink Nyan Nyan Punch: ...

UMP45: She can still be of use.

UMP45: 9, take everything Gr G11 was carrying.

UMP9: Leave it to me~!

416: ...

416: As ruthless as ever...

...

Commander: ...How did things end up like this?

—Inside the Griffin Ops Room.

The tactical display terminal shows a map of "The Division", and many dots within the Manhattan Quarantine Zone can be seen converging on the Dark Zone.

Kalina: Don't tell me...these are all "players"?

Commander: To be precise, they're our other Dolls.

Commander: Looks like that message on Grifchan spread far and wide.

Kalina: Is everyone aiming for the prize money too...?

Kalina: No, we can't give in even if they're our own people.

Kalina: Do your best, Vector!

Commander: I don't think they can hear you. After all, there's no way for players in the game to communicate with the outside world.

Kalina: Comms are completely cut off?!

Kalina: Argh, I can't believe we're reduced to watching helplessly while such an important battle is taking place. I'm so nervous!

...

M500: Morning, Commander!

IDW: Good morning da nyaaaaa!!

IDW: Wow, what's this? It looks fun ~nya.

Commander: Ah, this is...

M500: Wow, it's "The Division"!

Commander: Correct.

M500: This game is a classic, I love it!

M500: Do you play too, Commander?

Kalina: Nonono, we're just watching Vector and the others play.

IDW: Ah, I get it ~da nya!

IDW: This must be one of those legendary "live stream" things ~nya!

Commander: ...Eh, I guess.

IDW: That's so nice... Say, Commander, could we stay here and watch for a bit?

Commander: Of course you may.

M500: Woohoo! Find a good spot, IDW!

IDW: Got it ~nya!

Kalina: A livestream?

Kalina: That's right, a livestream!

Commander: What do you have in mind now?

Kalina: I've got a way to save us from our financial woes! Wait for me!

Kalina leaves the Commander and the others to spectate the game as she dashes out of the command room with great determination.

Meanwhile, the tactical terminal shows the latest battle taking place in the streets of Manhattan...

...

About 10 minutes later, the command room has slowly filled up with Dolls.

Kalina: Just! Imagine! That!

Kalina: You just saw it, folks - Vector chose to lay low right at the start of the battle! It turned out to be the right call and she managed to deceive the opposition, forcing them to retreat!

Dolls: Oooooh!

Commander: ...

Kalina: Her stealthy and evasive tactics are really heating things up right off the bat!

Dolls: Ahhhhhh!

Commander: What's this, Kalina...?

...

Kalina: Oh, are you going to join us too, Commander?

Kalina: Come come come, this is the once in a lifetime, Griffin-only winner-takes-all betting pool for "The Division"!

Commander: So this was your eureka moment just now...?

Kalina: (Teehee, I won't let such an opportunity slip by.)

Kalina: Come, come, step right up, step right up! Don't be afraid! Support your favorites with everything you have!

Doll A: I-I want to bet on Squad Vivi!

Doll B: Our friends are taking part, so I'm betting on them!

Doll C: The battle's only just begun, but I'm sure that my comrades will crush the opposition!

Doll C: I've bet everything I have on you guys, so get them! YPAAAAAA—!!!

Doll D: Huh? Why are there so many Dolls in the command room?

Doll E: What's this? It looks fun! I want to take part too!

...

Commander: This place has never been this lively before...

Kalina: We haven't even reached the mid-game yet. Just sit back and watch!

Commander: I'd much rather you just tell me the outcome directly.

More and more Dolls crowd into the command room, until everyone's standing shoulder to shoulder.

After struggling and failing to head outside to get a breath of fresh air, the Commander gives up and returns to studying the map of Manhattan.

...

System: Would you like to quit the game?

System: ...

System: Confirmed. Logging off...

System: ...

System: Unable to log off.

Dima: Dammit!

Dima: You can't trap me here, I'm telling you!

System: Warning. ID Code is locked.

Dima: ...!

???: Don't bother trying. I won't let you leave.

Dima: Was this all your doing, 416...

???: Please address me by my real name.

Dima: ...That's not your real name, and I didn't mean to turn you into this.

???: So, do you still refuse?

Dima: Refuse what? Don't tell me you want me to join you?

Dima: Seriously, we're completely different from each other!

???: That's fine. Different choices lead to different outcomes.

???: I will do my best to help you accept this, you won't have to wait long...

???: So wait for me...

Dima: Wait, don't... Hello? Hello?!

Dima: Dammit... God dammit!

Dima: Let me log off! C'mon, log off!

System: Warning. ID Code is locked.

System: Warning. ID Code is locked.

System: Warning...

System: ...

...

The shadow of violence hangs over 5th Avenue, and criminals are doing as they please on their newfound turf.

They stand on the roofs of derelict police cars, as though trampling them underfoot allows them to look down on all forms of authority.

However, this is the only time they can display such arrogance.

A bullet rips through the air and downs a luckless soul. The enemy immediately lashes out, firing wildly at the source of the gunshot.

Before the smoke from that gunshot has even faded away, another tongue of flame spews forth, delivering a lethal blow to the attackers. The enemies fall amidst gunfire, one after the other, until the ammunition runs out.

Though the enemy has been pretty much wiped out, one dying criminal squirms on the ground, desperately trying to reach for his dropped weapon with his dying breath.

Just as he's about to touch it, his hand is pinned to the ground by a little boot with a skeleton motif on it.

M870: Surprise, moron!

M870: The way you're struggling reminds me of the gum from yesterday that I just couldn't scrape off my boot, but it's over for you now!

M870: Don't worry, I'll find a VIP seat for you in the dumpster.

M870: Right, you get to punch his ticket, rookie. Say something.

VSK-94: You want me to say something? Uh, um, ahem...

M870: Well said, now onto the collection of evidence!

VSK-94: ...But I didn't even say anything!

ART556: Here comes the Boss' capable deputy, ART55... Ack!

ART556: (Whimpers) O-okay, fine, I'll start investigating now!

ART556: Let's see, they've got... Is that a water pipe that they ripped out? Ah forget it, it's a lethal weapon all the same.

ART556 places the plastic pipe that P7 just handed her in front of the criminal sprawled on the ground.

P7: That doesn't look too good. Move it closer to this side.

ART556: Over here? How about now?

P7: ...Alright, perfect!

ART556

P7: On the flip side, wiping out a criminal syndicate like this is a blessing for the city.

P7: Hats off to us for once again for vanquishing evil and protecting the peace!

M870: Sodas taste best after restoring peace to the city!

VSK-94: Still, we barely managed to recover any supplies from these enemies. They've got plenty of arms and ammo, but not enough food or other supplies.

ART556: All the supply points we've come across so far have been ransacked. Someone's been collecting supplies ahead of us!

P7: (Sobs) Chocolate bars! My chocolate bars!

VSK-94: These things are usually first-come-first-served. Since most of the early-game supplies have already been looted and we just fought quite a few battles, the supply situation might become even more dire going forward.

VSK-94: We need to ensure we have ample supplies in order to carry on, M870.

M870: We'll think about that later.

M870: Right, we need to wrap this up properly. Huddle closer so we can take a group photo while we still have such a good "backdrop".

M870: Alright, ready? Say chee—

Dima: Agents, the weather is getting worse. Delaying any further will severely hinder the operation.

Dima: Please proceed to the Dark Zone as soon as possible and find the medicine!

M870: Why is it that EVERY TIME I'm enjoying myself, this woman gets up in my business with that infuriating mug of hers?

M870: Can't we turn her off?

ART556: I tried, but it doesn't seem to work. Even turning off the game's sound effects doesn't help.

VSK-94: I tried turning off a few things myself, but there's this music which keeps playing. It doesn't seem to be coming from the game itself.

P7: Ah, it's coming from the law enforcement mixtape I made. Do you like it?

VSK-94: It's kind of noisy.

ART556: Yeah, the perps are all dead. You should play it again when the mood's just right.

P7: Tsk, looks like you just don't have the refined taste that I do.

Ka-click.

VSK-94: ...Much better.

Dima: The innocent civilians of the city desperately need those medicines to ease the misery of the plague. This operation is a meaningful part of saving the city.

M870: Pfffft, that's cute. If taking some meds could save the city, then all you'd have to do is bat your eyelashes at the criminals and they'd rediscover their consciences, then proceed to turn themselves in at the police station, right?

Dima: ...I...!

VSK-94: To think even an NPC could be at a loss for words.

P7: Still, she didn't reply at all. Was she programmed that way, or is her attitude really that good?

ART556: I told you already, the hints of this game are way more humanized than I expected, but it also likes to nag you when you're having fun.

VSK-94: Well, it's just trying to remind us to take this seriously and to work together when the time comes.

VSK-94: I don't know if I told you, but when I was still a cop...

P7: Here comes another lecture!

ART556: Oh come on, 94, you're going to suck all the fun out of the game!

VSK-94: We wouldn't have to go through this if you'd given me more time to speak just now.

M870: You'd have enough time to speak if you thought of a one-liner before I prompted you.

M870: Right, let's go see where we'll find our next source of fun.

VSK-94: We should think about our resource issues first!

M870: Heh, you just want to stuff yourself, huh? All we need to do is take out the guys who logged on along with us and we'll be able to loot them for something.

VSK-94: ...We're going to loot them?

P7: You can think of it as commandeering resources - it'll be a perfectly consensual transaction~!

ART556: Even if they don't want to surrender their stuff at first, we'll make sure they want to by the end.

VSK-94: Does it even count as consensual at that point?

M870: We'll make commandeering resources our top priority, then. Onward to the Grand Central Terminal!

ART556: Ohhhh, looks like a place loaded with treasure!

VSK-94: If we're after supplies, can't we just go to the library?

ART556: Does the library look like a den of criminals to you? Besides, even if there WAS someone there, the mood wouldn't be right.

P7: The pictures we took there wouldn't look good either!

VSK-94: ...So you're really not going to play the game seriously?

M870: Pfffft, oh please, you can always find fugitive criminals in the Grand Central Terminal. Who knows, they might be sitting on a huge stash of supplies, which is why we have to carry out this op.

M870: Whether they're fleas or ticks, we'll fish them up and clean them out!

ART556: For justice!

P7: For chocolate bars!

VSK-94: (Sighs)

VSK-94: At least you're more reliable than that lot who'll launch into Cossack dances at the drop of a hat. I can live with this.

M870: I'll take that as a two thumbs up from you.

M870: It's unanimous! Let's move out!

Everyone: Woohooooo!
Part 2

2

...

M870: Yo, all you crooks in your open-crotch pants, time to face the music and hand over all your stuff!

ART556: I can't believe they had high-end gear like this, but it's all ours now!

P7: What about the chocolate bars? The sodas?

P7: Do they not eat snacks or something?

VSK-94: ...

M870: Oi, what are you standing around for?

VSK-94: It's nothing, I'm just reflecting on how we're becoming more and more like robbers as we go on.

ART556: Perish the thought, we're wiping out the city's criminals, aren't we?

VSK-94: But it feels wrong!

M870: You're just imagining things. When you've been a cop for a long time, you tend to be a workaholic - it's perfectly normal.

M870: Come, after we take out the nearby perps and stock up on supplies, we'll head over to the next district...

...

ART556: Hey! Someone's attacking us from behind!

P7: Are they coming from the library?

M870: Oh, they've got balls alright. It's almost as though they're trying to bait us into the library for a fight.

ART556: What should we do, Boss?

M870: Well, I wasn't planning to go to the library, but since these assholes are throwing their weight around, we ought to make an example of them.

M870: Come on ladies, time to RUSH B!

VSK-94: Wait a minute, isn't just charging in there too rash? Shouldn't we make sure it's not a trap...eh?

The squad completely ignores VSK-94's voice of reason and changes direction, charging toward the library with great gusto.

VSK-94 is about to give chase, but then they suddenly double back.

VSK-94: ...Why are you turning back? Finally realized the importance of caution?

M870: The word caution doesn't exist in my vocabulary. It's just that there's one thing we haven't done yet.

VSK-94: One thing?

M870: P7!

P7: Yes, Boss!

Ka-click.

ART556: Yessssssssss!

ART556: Hearing that music makes me feel like victory's at hand!

P7: Exactly!

VSK-94: ...Who are the real crooks here, anyway?

M870: What, are you going to chicken out now?

VSK-94: I just don't want to disgrace myself after leaving my job as a police officer.

VSK-94: Still, this is just a game, so I'll take things as they come.

M870: That's right! She sure learns quick~

M870: Now gather up, ladiess! Let's go!

...

—Outside New York Public Library.

M870: Well, this is a buzzkill. It's like revving up for a good long peel down the highway and you break down before the light turns green.

M870: Speaking of which, with such sloppy gunplay, we could be standing in front of them and they would still shoot themselves in the ass. Aren't there any decent crooks left in Manhattan?

VSK-94: What I want to know is why would they shoot at us from so far away?

...

P7: Looks like the Boss can't answer that.

ART556: Boss, looks like there are still enemies inside the library. We need to figure out a way to open the main door, though.

P7: Maybe there's a key nearby which can open the lock...

M870: Key? No need for that crap.

ART556 and P7 realize what's happening and make way. M870 walks up to the library door and shoots off the lock before kicking it open.

Just as expected, there's a bandit holding a shotgun behind the door, but just as M870 is about to open fire, he is shot in the vitals from behind.

The enemy collapses, revealing a girl with twintails, wearing a black cape with a red inner lining and holding an automatic rifle.

Type 97: ...

Type 97: Er, hi?

M870: Police!

M870: Now reach for the sky unless you want a few more holes in you!

Type 97: Huh? B-but I didn't do anything!

She tries to bargain her way out of it, but seeing that M870 still has the barrel of her gun trained on her, she obediently complies.

VSK-94: Are you another player? I didn't expect you to surrender right away.

P7: Hey, new girl, don't be fooled. Some people just love to play the innocent in front of you before ambushing you while your back is turned.

ART556: I can relate!

VSK-94: By "some people" you mean "yourselves", right?

AA-12: 97, we're about to move out, what's the hold...

AA-12: Who are these people?

Type 97: 12! It-it's the police!

AA-12: The police? You mean that midget nun and that dog-eared brat over there?

ART556: These are FOX ears, hello!

AA-12: Whatever. We're leaving.

M870: My oh my, we've got a mean-looking character here. Are those rings around your eyes from dodging arrest warrants day and night?

AA-12: ...Hah?

M870: The hell do you mean "Hah?" You have three seconds to surrender and hand over your supplies!

Springfield: 97, what's going on here?

Type 97: Miss Springfield! We-we're being robbed by the police!

Gr MP7: Hey, since when were there cops in video games?

M870: There are now.

M870's posse of self-proclaimed constables on patrol raise their guns in unison and point them at Springfield.

P7: Point your gun at them too, junior!

VSK-94: Uh, I'm sorry, I'm not used to pointing my gun at people who aren't suspects or violent criminals.

M870: Don't worry, they will be soon enough.

AA-12: You accuse people of being violent while resorting to violence yourselves. You make me sick. Still, things being what they are, there's no room to negotiate, right?

Springfield: A moment, please. We should try to avoid fighting if we can help it.

Springfield: You want supplies, right? As it happens, we have a lot of them. If these are acceptable...

With some quick tinkering, several columns of light appear in front of her.

Springfield: We have winter clothing...

ART556: Humph, you think you can buy us off so easily?

P7: How naïve, we're friends of justice, you know!

Springfield: ...And lots of chocolate and soda too.

ART556: Well... I'm starting to think Miss Springfield must have her own reasons~

P7: Yup yup, how could such a kind-hearted big sis be a suspect, heeheehee~

VSK-94: She bought you off in the end, didn't she?!

M870: Pfffft, your minds are slower than the old wind generators in the Yellow Zones, aren't they?

M870: If she's got all those supplies, it means she must be loaded. In that case, why settle for the scraps she gives you when you can just take it all?

VSK-94: Look, even if you say that...

ART556: A cop's gotta do what a cop's gotta do!

P7: Correct! Time for a seizure of assets!

VSK-94: ...You sure play fast and loose with things.

M870: I control my minions better than you think. Loyalty is a thing that you can regain with just a little generosity. Simple, don't you think?

VSK-94: Can't say I agree.

M870: Pffft, you'll just have to get used to it, then!

M870: Now, let's count up their sins!

M870: I can't believe they actually loaded this poor librarian into a sack and beat him up in order to rob the place!

Type 97: Librarian?

ART556: I'm talking about this poor, pitiful man lying on the ground!

Springfield: Oh my, you're starting to sound a bit unreasonable.

Gr MP7: No matter how you slice it, that guy was an enemy that either you or Type 97 bumped off, right?

P7: From now on, he's a librarian~!

AA-12: Tsk, so it's a setup, then?

M870: It's called "upholding justice", and it's part of the game of cat and mouse. Even if you say you weren't present at the scene of the crime, I'll drag the police line to wherever you're standing.

AA-12: I've had it with this.

Springfield: AA-12, you should avoid conflicts that can be avoided. At the very least, we need to make our position clear to the other party.

VSK-94: ...

VSK-94: M870, I don't think a simple breaking and entering warrants a firefight, right?

M870: You think so? Then we'll add "assaulting an officer" to it, then.

VSK-94: Since you're playing the role of a police officer, there's no need to attack non-hostile people, don't you think?

M870: By the time you realize they're hostile, you'll be the one on the ground.

VSK-94: I have my standards in passing judgment!

M870: Oh, don't get all preachy with me at a time like this. Look at you, you're like a freshly-hatched chick with no idea what's going on, even if you ARE holding a gun.

M870: Your mistake is thinking that the world is a wonderful and perfect place. I can fix that for you later on, but for now, get your ass out of the way of my gun barrel!

VSK-94: Cyk—

Bang!

As the standoff continues, a flashbang suddenly detonates between the two squads.

For players, being flashbanged means their vision will be scrambled for a short while. It's not fatal, but when the tension in the air is so thick you could cut it with a knife—

Springfield: Whoa, wait! Cease fire!

P7: Uwah!

P7: Who's shooting?! Who's shooting?!

AA-12: No can do, they were aiming to use force in the first place!

Type 97: You bad cops threw the flashbang, right?!

Gr MP7: Urgh, shouldn't we fall back now?

Gr MP7: Even if we don't, why don't we get to cover first?

Springfield: I guess things are out of control...

Springfield: In any case, let's get out of here. Come, 97. Quickly now.

Type 97: Ah, okay!

...

ART556: Ahhh! The criminals are getting away!

ART556: How could you let such big fish escape, P7?!

P7: For chocolate bars—!

VSK-94: Wait! Don't just run off on your own!

VSK-94: M870, we need to go after them.

M870: You have the right to remain silent!

VSK-94: Your vision's pretty much recovered, right? Stop shooting into the air!

M870: Ah? So you were here.

M870: What did I tell you? By the time they show hostility, it's too late.

VSK-94: I don't care about Springfield and that lot, but ART556 and P7 were carrying almost all of our ammo and gear. Don't you think we should get them back?

M870: They'll be fine. If you ask me, they'll catch up with us in three minutes' time.

M870: Alright, let's move on!
Part 3

3

...

The blizzard continues ravaging the city, and the poor weather cuts visibility down to a little over five meters. If anyone were walking casually down the street, they would surely be startled by the two little heads suddenly poking out of nowhere.

P7: This is Deputy No. 7, situation normal, over!

ART556: And this is Deputy No. 556, situation normal too, over!

After hearing the reply, P7 looks back and reaches out, pinching the ear of the person who was using a radio to contact her while standing right beside her.

ART556: What the heck was that for?!

P7: Do we really need to do this?

P7: I mean, we're standing side by side, is there even a point in using the radio?

ART556: You need to show spirit when facing a challenge!

P7: Well, you call it "spirit", but nobody can see us from more than five meters away, right?

ART556: ...Yeah.

P7: We lost track of Miss Springfield and the others 10 minutes ago.

P7: Plus, the Boss hasn't contacted us on the radio yet. I wonder what they're up to?

ART556: M-maybe she brought the rookie to another place.

ART556: If we can get back to that library, we should be able to see where they went.

P7: But we're getting further and further away according to the map...

ART556: We would've got there by now if we hadn't run into enemies three times in a row.

P7: Too bad the map doesn't show enemy positions...

P7: Ah, we're at a junction again. We chose to go right at the last fork in the road and ended up going in a big circle. What about now?

ART556: We go left, of course.

P7: ...If only I could bring Chopsticks here. He'd help us find a better route.

ART556: But it's not that bad, right? At least, we haven't run into any more enemies so far.

P7: But we've wasted a lot of time outside. That is to say, we might have missed out on a lot of fun stuff while we were lost!

ART556: ...

ART556: You know, even without the Boss around, you can still turn your music on whenever you want, and we can do as much "work" as we can manage.

P7: What do you mean?

ART556 points in the direction where they're headed. They can vaguely make out someone forging ahead through the storm.

P7: Oho, is that a straggler I see?

ART556: I'm not too sure if it's an enemy or not, but we should be able to deal with them easily if there's only one of them, right?

P7: Alright, let's hurry and make our move! I'm sure they've got something delicious on them!

ART556: There's no doubt about it, then...

P7: Time to play cat and mouse, heeheehee!

Ka-click.

The two "police" Dolls exchange a glance and grin at each other before pulling out their trusty grenades and bombs. Backed by their theme song, they bear down on their target...

ART556's Voice: Po—

P7's Voice: Po—

Dima: A Cleaner!

Dima: Agents, that's an Incinerator, a very powerful member of the Cleaners! Exercise extreme caution!

ART556 & P7: Aaaaahhhhhhh! It's an Incinerator!
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

The previously raging blizzard soon settles down and the night dyes the city in a dark navy blue. There is a brief scream, and a swathe of brilliant orange blazes up at the origin of the sound.

Flames spew forth with a "fwoom", melting every snowflake they touch.

A pair of black-faced, petite figures rush out of the smoke left in its wake. They're trying to flee this danger zone as quickly as possible, but...

ART556: Ehhh?! Why is there a dead end here?!

P7: Because we ran the wrong way just now!

P7: Eeeeeep! That big guy's coming this way!

ART556: Oh no, we're doomed!

Fwoooom!

The flames billowing forth from the Cleaner fill every corner of the cramped blind alley.

However, when the flames finally recede, there's a conspicuous lack of scorched targets.

...

P7: Wow, that was close!

P7: It wasn't real fire, but seeing it spray toward us was really scary!！

ART556: For a moment I thought I could feel my neural cloud overloading.

P7: Good thing you can climb into these small buildings through the windows, so we didn't have to experience that for real. However...

P7 places her index finger over her lips to indicate that they should be quiet. After that, they can hear their massive opponent walking outside with slow and purposeful steps, as well as the sounds of rustling fabric as he vaults through a window.

ART556: So that window...was just big enough for him to enter too?

P7: It doesn't matter! We can escape as long as we can open the main door!

P7: ...Huh?

P7: Hey! T-the door's locked!

ART556: Locked?!

ART556: Uh, let's head upstairs first, there might be enough space to avoid him on the second floor!

P7: Ah, wait for me...

ART556: ...Hm?

P7: Why did you stop all of a sudden?

ART556: The door leading upstairs...is also locked.

P7: Ehhhhhhhh?!

ART556: We're totally screwed now.

P7: Is this the end?

ART556: ...Well, it's not like we don't have a way out of this.

P7: Do you have a plan?!

ART556: You stay here and draw his fire. How about that?

P7: Ehhhhh?! In a place like this?!

ART556: Relax, it won't take long. I'll go find the Boss and come back right away to save you.

P7: Really?

ART556: I never lie, you know!

P7: ...Alright, then. I believe you, so come back quick.

ART556: Hehehe, just wait there for my good news—

ART556: Ehhhhhhh?! A f-f-flashbang?!

P7: Hee hee hee~

P7: Kids might fall for that, but you think it'd work on me? Dorks like you are the best sort of bait. So long—

P7: Uwaaahhh!

Bang!

Just as P7 is about to leave, another flashbang goes off under her feet. She stumbles backward and collapses onto ART556.

The footsteps from downstairs draw closer and closer. They can hear hard leather soles trudging on the wooden floorboards in a slow and even rhythm.

At the same time, the two Dolls have finally come to their senses and gotten back to their feet, pulling out all their various hidden explosives.

ART556: Hehe, so you came prepared.

P7: I could say the same about you as well.

ART556: Well, no matter how this turns out, it was nice knowing you.

P7: That said, it's time to settle this, right here and now!

ART556: COME ON!

P7: BRING IT ON!

The pair throw all their explosives at the opposition, and just before the glare of the explosions scrambles their vision, the two of them see the same thing—

The Cleaner, who was charging out to attack them, magnificently catches the explosives with their body.

BOOOOM!!!

After the thunderous explosions, their huge attacker, who was still radiating menace just a moment ago, rolls back down the stairs.

ART556: ...

ART556: It...

P7: It...?

ART556: It worked!

P7: Ah... Ahhhhhh!

P7: That's right, that was our plan, wasn't it?

ART556: Of course, of course!

ART556: It was so perfect that even that big lug couldn't see through it!

P7: Yeah! Ahahahaha!

ART556: Ahahahahaha—!

ART556: ...Okay, let's go re-arm ourselves.

P7: Yep...

P7 and ART556 are united again by their bizarre battle, but they are in no mood to resume their game of cops and robbers after that emotional roller coaster.

What had once been a wild ride of seizing loot has now ended due to them losing their way.

—Not too long ago, on the roof of the New York Public Library.

Three Dolls that have been hiding in the shadows have just finished enjoying the farce that unfolded inside the library.

UMP9: Ahahahaha! A hot-blooded "NY cop" on one end and a gentle "pacifist" on the other.

UMP9: The two of them clashing was more entertaining than I expected.

UMP45: It was only average by the standards of free theater, though.

416: ...

UMP9: Still scowling, 416?

416: We have done NOTHING but hunker down here watching other people fight ever since the battle began.

416: Is this your "sure-win" plan in action?

UMP9: Aw come on, you threw that flashbang just now, didn't you?

416: That doesn't mean I'm okay with dawdling up here with you.

UMP9: I didn't expect this of you, 416. So you had your sights on the money all along?

416: I didn't even want to take part in the first place, but since I'm here, I might as well put in some effort.

UMP45: But of course. However, I think we ought to recover some useful items from our opposition before we enter the Dark Zone.

416: We could have obtained all their supplies if we had attacked just now!

UMP45: Attack them? It's more fun to watch them run around like headless chickens for the sake of a little resource grab.

UMP45: Once they've worn themselves out, we can reap the harvest. Their supplies will be as good as ours.

System: An Agent has entered the Dark Zone.

416: Oi, you saw the notification, right?

UMP45: Ja.

416: Tsk, this is a waste of time.

UMP9: Hey, 416, where are you going?

416: Looking for supplies.

416: You can take your time watching other people.

416: Once I take first place, I'll come back and see if you're still around.

UMP9: Oh... She's gone.

UMP9: She seems really intent on taking the prize by herself. Are we really going to just keep observing, 45?

UMP45: 416 is serious about everything she does. All she wants to do is end the game quickly.

UMP45: Still, we've already lost Gr G11, so we can't afford to be stretched any thinner. In that case, let's follow her.

UMP45: Who knows, we might run into something interesting along the way.

...

Long after the farce in the NYPL has ended, and after UMP45 and UMP9 have followed 416 off the roof, the two lost midgets run up to the building—

P7: Ah! We're at the library, 556!

ART556: I'm sure they're not here anymore. Didn't you see the notification just now? I'm guessing it was the Boss and 94.

P7: So they've entered the...what do you call it, the Dark Zone?

ART556: It's pretty likely. You can tell from the map that we're very close to the Dark Zone. If we head over there now, we might still be able to catch up with them.

P7: Wait a minute, we haven't explored the area ahead yet, and if we run into enemies again...

ART556: As if we'd run into enemies on every single route. You're being paranoid.

P7: B-but I just saw a sign on the road saying something about a Last Man Battalion camp up ahead...

P7: Hey, wait up!

ART556: We've got no time to waste...

ART556: Eeeeek—?!

ART556 has completely dismissed P7's concerns, but then a bullet whistles through the air past her ear.

She stops abruptly in her tracks and rolls behind a raised flowerbed. When P7 catches up, the two of them see a horde of heavily-armed enemies swarming towards them.

P7: This...this is an enemy stronghold!

ART556: So what, we can always double back— Aaaaahhhhhh!

ART556: Why are there enemies behind us too...? No, wait, have we been surrounded?!

P7: I TOLD you we should have stopped!

ART556: Well, there's no point saying that now. Anyway, it doesn't look like we'll be able to handle the enemies with just the two of us.

P7: Jeez. It's just a game, but I'm getting a really strong sense of déjà vu from this.

ART556: I know right, the feeling that you're going to have to re-download yourself from a neural cloud backup?

P7: While I know that isn't possible here... It really feels like it's going to happen! I hate it!

ART556: But that's not a problem, right? We can always play another round.

P7: Of course it's a problem. Whether or not we can get back to such a good position again is one thing, but it would be a shame to go when we've got so many unused items in our backpacks!

ART556: And here I was thinking you were attached to our fire-forged friendship.

P7: We have one?

ART556: We should, right? I mean, we've come this far together!

P7: Well, if we do, I was hoping you'd use it to take a bullet or three for me.

ART556: What a coincidence, I was thinking the exact same thing.

P7: ...

ART556: ...

P7: You know, if it wasn't because we had a mutual enemy to deal with, I'd like to see which of us was better.

ART556: You took the words right out of my mouth!

The pair's argument is soon drowned out by the sound of gunfire.

The onslaught of the LMB forces is ceaseless, and even the greatest efforts of P7 and ART556 combined cannot stem the tide.

Suddenly, ART556 and P7 hear gunshots coming from outside the combat zone.

The LMB forces collapse one after the other, just as P7 and ART556 had hoped. Before long, the enemies closing in on them have been utterly eliminated.

ART556: P-P7?

P7: Yeah, I see it.

ART556: It must be the Boss! She came back to save us!

P7: Look, over there!

They look in the direction P7 is pointing at, and they can see a figure slowly advancing towards them, cloaked by the wind and snow.

ART556 and P7 happily jump out of their cover and run towards the figure, but as they draw closer, the silhouette resolving into clarity does not match that of M870's.

They slowly grind to a halt and watch as the figure walks up to them.

???: Are you alright?

P7: Vivi? It's Vivi! 556, Vivi saved us!

ART556: Is-is that really you, Vivi?! Thank goodness! We didn't know you were playing too!

ART556: Speaking of which, what's with that outfit of yours...?

Dima: Looks like you're alright, Agents.

P7: Dima! Where the hell were you?! We got into so much crap because you didn't warn us!

Dima: I've brought a new agent, haven't I? That should help a little, right?

ART556: What do you mean "a little"? If Vivi teams up with us, winning will be a cinch!

Dima: Is she really that amazing?

Dima: Looks like I backed the right horse, then.

P7: This NPC keeps saying weird things, doesn't she?

P7: Right, Vivi, let's team up. You can't just leave us to face the enemy alone on such a cold night, can you?

Dima: Don't you two already have a team?

ART556: Silence, NPC!

Vector?: Sorry, but I prefer to work alone.

ART556: (Sighs) Well, that's a shame. If you were willing to join us, I'm sure we could give those "criminals" a good smackdown.

???: ...Obey...

P7: Huh, did you guys hear that?

ART556: Sounded like...a radio transmission.

ART556: Did you say something just now, Dima?

Dima: No...

Vector?: Hang on, take cover!

ART556: Eeehhhhhh?! W-what now?

P7: Whoa, why are the three of us squeezing behind the same piece of cover?!

???: ...Must...obey.

???: If you refuse...

Dima: ...!

Dima: This is bad, it's... You guys...hurry up and...!

ART556: It's who? Hey, did the signal cut out?

ART556: Seriously, at a time like this...mmmmppph!

Just as ART556 is about to launch into a round of complaints, Vector claps a hand over her mouth. Outside the cover, another figure steps off the road and approaches them.

???: ...

P7: Who-who's that?

Vector?: The enemy.

P7: Th-the enemy?

As the obscured trio watch on, the "enemy" comes to a halt, and after a brief pause, she suddenly turns to look in their direction.

ART-556&P7: —!!!

Vector?: Ssshhh!

Vector gestures for her two companions to keep quiet, then glances over again. The opposition's gaze has already shifted elsewhere.

ART556: (Pants) That scared the crap out of me!

P7: Vivi, she's a Doll, right?

P7: She looks weird, though.

Vector?: Not weird. Dangerous.

ART556: Dangerous, you say?

ART556: She's alone. If the three of us charge at her together, we might be able to...

Vector shakes her head and interrupts ART556.

More footsteps can be heard from behind the cover — nearly ten men dressed like agents step into view from behind the enemy.

They are all heavily armed and armored, and the watches on their wrists glow with a blood-red light.

P7: Th-there are so many of them?!

ART556: G-good thing Vivi stopped us. Otherwise...

ART556 doesn't dare imagine themselves being surrounded again.

It seems the enemies beyond have not yet discovered their presence. After a short while, they depart as a group.

As the sound of footsteps fades into the distance, ART556 and P7 finally breathe a sigh of relief.

???: Must...obey...

ART556: Whoa!

P7: Eeeeep!

Vector?: ...!

Having completely let down their guard, ART556 and P7 almost jump out of their skins when the voice speaks again from behind them.

By the time they turn around to look, the enemies have already had the three of them completely surrounded.

???: Join us, and build a new order.

???: Or else...

???: ...You will die.

...

PP-90: V-Vivi?!

...

Vector: What's wrong?

PP-90: A battle seems to have taken place here. Some things were dropped on the ground.

Vector: I guess they must be left behind by eliminated players... Looks like two players died here.

PP-90: D-don't tell me they were ambushed? W-what if they've got their eyes on us too...?

PP-90: Vivi, maybe we should meet up with R93 and K5, don't you think?

Vector: You can go look for them on your own...

PP-90: Then forget it, I feel safer with you than I do with them, Vivi!

Vector: (Sighs) Why must you stick to me like glue, anyway...

Vector: Speaking of which, why do you think the winner of this fight didn't take anything from them, considering supplies are so hard to find now?

PP-90: That's because everything here is ammo and weapons, I think.

PP-90: I get the feeling food and water are what people really need right now.

Vector: ...We need ammo too. Take it all, we'll go search somewhere else.

PP-90: Hm, ISAC just said that I'm starving. I don't really feel it, but does that mean I'm going to die if this keeps up?

Vector: I think you still have a can of rations left. Might as well have it since you're hungry.

PP-90: Um... No!

PP-90: I won't touch it unless I absolutely have to!

Vector: I'm actually quite impressed by your self-control.

PP-90: Ehehehe~ Vivi praised me~!

Vector: ...Our body temperatures are falling. Let's get a move on, we need to find more supplies ASAP.

PP-90: Uh, wait for me!

Upon further examination of the area, they conclude that there are no more present threats. All players have most likely moved on already after scouring the place clean of supplies.

PP-90 collects the ammunition before following Vector to their next destination — Grand Central Station.

...

Kalina: Now who could have seen that coming?

Kalina: In a stunning reversal, Squad M870 went through an unexpected twist!

Kalina: During the face-off with Springfield, a mysterious third party threw the scene into chaos, but they ended up getting nothing out of the confusion.

...

Doll A: Squad Springfield had a real close call just now.

Doll B: But the adventures of ART556 and P7 after that were pretty fun. They managed to take out an enemy even when fighting with each other!

Doll A: Didn't SKS die the same way before?

SKS: What, talking about me?

Doll B: Wow, you reek of vodka...

SKS: What do you mean I reek? I didn't even drink that much!

Doll A: Then do you remember how you died?

SKS: Er... I didn't see anything before I...

Doll A: So you DID drink too much.

Doll B: Yeah, she's so unreliable, I guess I shouldn't support Squad AK-47 anymore...

SKS: Say what?! Of COURSE you should support them! Whyever not?!

SKS: We're going to win for sure! Everything will get better once AK-47 goes on the offensive!

Doll A: Aaaah! SKS is going berserk!

Doll B: Quick, someone pin her down!

...

Squad Vector decides to split up before entering the Dark Zone.

Vector and PP-90 are searching for supplies in the snowstorm, while R93 and K5 are trying their luck on the edges of the Dark Zone.

Vector's team only manages to find ammo and weapons along the way, but nothing in the way of food and water.

The cold and hunger make this brief search feel like it's taking forever, until PP-90 is eliminated from starvation...

Vector survives on the last can of rations left behind by her comrade, which also hardens her resolve to carry on.

Vector: I WILL win this tournament, no matter what I have to do or who I have to work with. I swear, 90... I will win.

...

...

???: Agent Vector...

???: No, your new name should be Hellfire.

Hellfire: How did you know that?

Fang: Because my name is Fang, and our names came from the one who orchestrated all this.

Dima: ...

Hellfire: Is that you, Dima?

Dima: I apologize for giving you such a lame name, "Vector"...

Dima: Not that it matters, since you've been as thoroughly rewritten as 416 was.

System: Warning. ID Code is locked.

Fang: Still not willing to give up?

Dima: I'm still young! I don't want to spend my entire life in Manhattan!

Hellfire: Why not? We can work together and cleanse this city...

Dima: Which is why you became a Cleaner, right? Humph... Well, never mind.

Dima: The game will end eventually. Even if I can't do it, I'm sure those Dolls will!

Fang: "Dolls"...?

Fang: You mean 416 and Vector, right?

Dima: Y-yeah, so what?

Hellfire: So, does that mean you'll give up if I cleanse them?

Dima: Ehhh?!

Fang: I will make them disappear forever.

Dima: ...You...

...

ISAC: Warning. Core temperature dropping.

R93: Ah, the snow's stopped.

K5: What happened on Vivi's side?

R93: 90's been eliminated, and Vivi looks like she's taking it pretty hard.

K5: It's just a game, though, it's not like she's really dead... Vivi just takes these things too seriously.

K5: Although it is quite tragic to die that way.

R93: More importantly, we picked up a huge stash of ammo, food and weapons on our side, more than we could possibly use...

R93: Should we give some to Vivi to cheer her up?

K5: Pffffft!

R93: What's so funny?

K5: I suddenly realized what a strange pair we make.

R93: Strange, you say?

R93: Well, that's true. I mean, you've been picking up nothing but gold gear all the way, while I've been collecting food and more food.

R93: Like, I know having a run of luck is a thing, but I didn't expect it to be this extreme.

K5: A Doll's nature doesn't decide her luck. On my part, I like fortune-telling, but that's not because my own luck is bad.

K5: Also, I feel that having you with me makes me lucky...

Vector: K5, how are things on your end?

R93: Ah, it's Vivi.

K5: Things are going well.

K5: But we just saw the in-game notification...

K5: Is it true that 90 starved to death?

Vector: Yes, she...

Vector: She saved her last can of rations for me, but she herself...

R93: Oh well, all this will pass. As our team leader, you've got to pull yourself together. We won't let 90's death be in vain!

K5: How come you're getting into it too?

R93: Shhh - this might cheer Vivi up.

Vector: Listen up. We've already lost 90. We can't afford any other non-combat casualties.

K5: No need to worry. We had a big haul today!

Vector: What?

R93: We found ample gear and supplies.

R93: It's sad that 90's no longer around, but we'll be able to go the distance with what we have!

Vector: ...

Vector: Well, there isn't much time. Let's meet up at the safe house near the Grand Central Terminal, then enter the Dark Zone together.

R93: Right, let me consult the map...

R93: Er, just to check, how long will it take for you to get there?

Vector: I...need to go through... Terminal, Dima said...many enemies, so...ight need some ti...

R93: Vivi? Hello? Hello? What's going on?

K5: Sounds like a signal problem. You must have used up all your good luck.

R93: But we're a team. I can't survive without you.

K5: Personally, I don't care. Luck is the sort of thing that shuns you the more you want it. To put it another way, good things happen when you're not expecting them.

K5: So rather than keep fretting about it, you should focus your attention on something else.

R93: ...I didn't know you could say things like that.

K5: Oh, I made it up just for you. Do you like it?

R93: And here I was going to compliment you... Well, let's go, let's go!

...

The construction site by the road has been abandoned due to the disaster. Three people are located on the scaffolding, observing the two Dolls as they walk and talk.

416: I thought you had a plan of some sort. In the end we're just camping up here spying on others.

UMP9: Then what would you have done?

416: You heard what they were talking about, right?

UMP9: Ja, they were talking about gold gear and whatnot. You want to rob them?

416: If we managed to steal their items, I'm pretty sure we would have much less difficulty in the Dark Zone.

416: However, if we just shoot them while they're unawares, some other Dolls might show up to pick up the spoils, so we're better off launching a surprise attack.

UMP45: Good idea. I'll let you and 9 handle it.

UMP9: Leave it to me, 45!

416: ...

UMP45: What's the matter, don't tell me you're going to take command and have me fight them?

416: Of course not. But I can count on you to keep an eye on things, right?

UMP45: Hehe, I'll enjoy this show.

...

416: Now then, let's begin.

...

ISAC: Threat signals have vanished.

Dima: Good, that should be that last enemy.

After a hard fight, Vector has eliminated the nearby enemies...

Dima: Agent, in many ways, it's good to have you around...

Vector: Why do you look so down?

Dima: (Sighs) A lot of things happened on my end just now...

Dima: In any case, there's still a ray of hope thanks to your performance.

Vector: Are they the ones who caused the signal interference just now?

Dima: No, the ones who actually caused the interference are...

Dima: Forget it, it's a long story. Try seeing if comms have recovered. It would be good to confirm your comrades' status.

Vector: Yeah...

R93: Ah, Vivi!

R93: Looks like comms are back up again. The way the signal cuts out every now and then really eats up time.

Vector: How are things on your side?

K5: We were just about to look for you, but we found an entrance to the Dark Zone before that.

K5: The surroundings are fairly safe, but two people from one of the other teams were eliminated here. Thanks to them, we scored some explosives.

K5: Maybe we could make this a meetup point, but we'd like to know where you are and how long it'll take for you to get here.

Vector: I'm in the subway section of Grand Central Terminal. According to the map, it would be faster to reach a Dark Zone entrance from here, but...

Dima: There are enemies camping out here, probably to wait out the storm, so getting past them won't be easy.

Vector: Indeed, so just to be on the safe side...hm?

Just as Vector is about to go around them, the tracks around her suddenly erupt in a series of explosions.

The tremendous shockwaves cause the ceiling overhead to collapse. Sensing danger, Vector immediately dodges the cascade of concrete chunks that crash into the ground with heavy booms.

K5: Vivi?!

K5: Was that an explosion just now? Are you alright?!

Vector: ...I'm fine.

Vector: But the electrical circuits in the subway were destroyed and it's a little dark here. Give me a while to check things out.

R93: ...What's the situation?

Vector: The subway entrance has been sealed off by fallen slabs of concrete.

Vector: I'm not trapped here, but...it looks like I'll have to pass through the enemy hideout.

K5: Man, if only we hadn't split up, we might be able to help you out.

Vector: The enemies here are a piece of cake. No need to worry.

Dima: Er, Agent, just a heads-up for you...

Dima: A group of troublesome people just showed up.

Vector: Troublesome people?

Several powerful flashlight beams sweep through the darkness before Dima can elaborate.

Vector reflexively ducks behind the cover created by the fallen concrete. Through the gaps, she can see several armed and dangerous-looking men searching the surroundings.

Vector: ...Are those SHD agents?

Dima: Former SHD agents. Do you see their red wristwatches? That's the difference.

Dima: These guys will be trickier compared to the enemies you took out before.

Vector: Why are there such enemies?

Dima: Well...

Dima: We poured all our strength into Manhattan to save the country, with the aim of safeguarding each and every innocent life.

Dima: Some people feel that New York can't be saved by closing the stable door after the horses have bolted. Thus, they've chosen more radical methods to achieve their aim.

Dima: To them, the disaster isn't the real threat. Rather, it's the wickedness which led Manhattan to this state of events.

Vector: So you're saying that there are internal conflicts among your people.

Dima: Well, I'd prefer to call them disagreements.

Dima: But I didn't expect that sort of thing to happen...

Dima: And twice, too! Dammit, I thought I had them under control...

Vector: Twice? What happened?

Dima: Ahem! That's not important.

Dima: I'm telling you this because I believe you're not the same as those traitors. We've taken steps toward the righteous path, so someone has to keep walking down it.

K5: Oho, what's this? Was someone introducing the game's plot?

R93: Sounds pretty realistic to me.

K5: Well, realism aside, you shouldn't be wasting time on that, right?

K5: Vivi?

Vector: On my way.
Part 2

2

...

Vector sprints through the subway station platform. After she disables the last of the rogue agents with the flashbangs she threw out, she empties her magazine in their direction.

In the wake of the gunshots, the man before her who's breathing heavily through his gas mask collapses to the ground.

Vector: That's them taken care of...

K5: Well done, Vivi!

K5: If we weren't waiting to meet up, I'd like nothing more than to rush over and help you!

Vector: I told you, I don't want more casualties, and these guys are still manageable.

Dima: Agent, the path leading out of the train station is now clear.

Vector: ...

Vector: Dima, if the Dark Zone is our final destination, does it mean that all the enemies there will be like this?

Dima: They're not going to give up.

R93: Huh, are they so scary?

Dima: Er, how shall I put this... It's because a lot of unexpected variables came up in Manhattan.

Dima: This is...well, it's a kind of force that the SHD is powerless to resist.

Vector: According to the game manual I read, it seems there are even more powerful enemies than this.

Vector: ...Looks like I need to meet up with the others ASAP.

K5: As long as we're around, it doesn't matter what kind of enemies they are!

K5: But the important thing is that you need to get here quick, Vivi! We can hardly wait!

Dima: Agent, I've remotely hacked into the computers in the control room. The automated weapons along the way should have stopped scanning for hostile targets.

Dima: You should leave before the enemy notices something is wrong...

Vector: I will...

After reaching the surface through the emergency passage, the first thing that Vector sees are the fallen ruins of a tall bridge.

It forms a slope, and as she looks across the expanse, she can see the clock on the roof of Grand Central Terminal, illuminated by the ground lights.

Vector: Grand Central Terminal...

Dima: It's the hub of Manhattan's traffic, or at least it used to be.

Dima: (Sighs) It all happened so fast...

R93: Am I imagining things, or is she being sentimental?

K5: Even though she's an AI simulation, humans and Dolls don't experience joy and sadness in the same way.

Vector: ...If we had enough time, I'd like to help her too.

R93: V-Vivi?

K5: You're not the type who self-inserts easily into games, are you?

Vector: I just felt that I could understand how she was feeling...

Vector: Hm, is that strange?

K5: Well, if you sympathize with her, then all you have to do is win this tournament and it'll be the end of the game's story.

K5: While I don't know what'll happen to Dima in the end, we'll be able to help her by reaching the goal, don't you think?

R93: Now that you put it this way, I'm suddenly feeling a great sense of purpose! What even?

K5: Isn't that a good thing? We'll use this tournament to save Manhattan too.

Dima: You guys...

Dima: Thank you all so much. I've been waiting so long for a reliable squad like you to come along!

R93: She's kind of overreacting, isn't she?

R93: Well of course, provided we don't run into any extra trouble...

ISAC: Warning. Major threat approaching!

K5: Ah! Are you some kind of jinx?!

R93: Sorry, shutting up now.

Vector: What happened?

There seems to be an undercurrent of fear in ISAC's warning. It is the first time Vector has felt uneasy listening to them.

As she ducks behind cover upon receiving the warning, she notices that someone has appeared in the direction of Grand Central Terminal - someone who isn't anything like the tall, bulky enemies from before.

On the contrary, the other party seems to be about the same height as herself, and she looks completely different from the other NPCs in this game.

Vector: Is that...a Doll?

???: ...

Vector: I've never seen that face before.

Dima: Agent, an extremely dangerous enemy has shown up, you MUST be careful!

R93: Ex-extremely dangerous?

K5: Well, I wouldn't be surprised who showed up at this point. After all, the prize for winning this game is a huge sum of money.

K5: But if I'm not wrong, she's not dressed the way I expected her to look...

Dima: No no no, that's not the point...

Dima: They're much stronger than any other adversary you've faced so far, so you need to deal with them cautiously.

Dima: Ah, of course... It would be best if you could destroy them.

Vector: ...You really want me to wipe out the other players so badly?

Dima: Er, how shall I explain this...

Dima: W-wait a minute, I'm picking up more enemies near your position!

Although Vector has the feeling Dima is trying to change the subject, it's true that many NPC enemies have appeared nearby.

Their team makeup inspires a strong sense of foreboding in Vector.

???: She must be nearby. Advance and keep your eyes open.

???: Let's see how long this rat can hide.

Vector: Are they from the Last Man Battalion?

Vector: Why is she with the enemies in the game...

R93: This is weird, Vivi. It's a bad omen.

K5: To hell with your omens! Wait there, Vivi! We're coming over right now to help you!

Vector: No, there's no need! Stay where you are and keep waiting!

K5: But will you really be okay by yourself?

Vector: ...I'll need to get rid of the obstacles in the way if we're going to meet up.

Dima: Uh, I think you might want to listen to your friends' suggestions, really.

Dima: It might be better to get some help if you want to deal with them...

...

K5: Whoa! R93, someone's shooting at us!

R93: Vivi, we're being attacked on our end!

Dima: What? Is it them...? Dammit, why now?!

Vector: Stay safe! Don't force it if you can't handle it!

Just then, one of the opposition spots Vector and runs over with a whooping cry.

This draws the attention of the others, and Vector is soon surrounded and viciously attacked.

Vector: They're launching a simultaneous attack... Did they plan this?

Vector: ...Looks like I've got a real fight on my hands now.
Part 3

    3chevron_right

...Slightly earlier.

K5: Ahhhhh, dammit, where are they even shooting from?

R93: It's not like they'll answer even if you ask... Ah! Take cover!

K5: Take what cover? I'm going over there to put a bullet up their butts!

R93: Quit saying unlucky things like that! Now be a good girl and stay still!

Meanwhile...

UMP9: 45, this is 9, I've gotten behind the targets.

UMP9: We've got them completely by surprise. Are you seeing this?

UMP45: Ja, I see it. What about 416, though? Isn't she with you?

UMP9: She's nowhere in sight. Maybe she got lost?

416: Maybe I should put a hole in the back of your skull so you can see where I am at all times.

UMP9: Ooooh, how scary~

UMP45: It's not nice to shoot your friends in the back, 416.

416: Someone sitting and relaxing in the rear shouldn't be saying that, should she?

UMP45: Well, I've got a good view of things from where I am.

416: Then shut your trap and watch as I take care of them!

UMP9: Uh, isn't this a seeker mine?

416: It's easy to take care of clustered targets like this. There's no need to waste further bullets - let's finish this quick!

416 primes the seeker mine she's taken out of her backpack and tosses it to the ground.

The tracking mine locks onto its targets, then rolls swiftly toward R93 and K5. In a few seconds, both of them will hit the dirt.

—With victory assured, 416 turns and leaves.

416: It's over, 45. Come down and collect...

...

UMP45: Is it? I can hear gunfire from your end, you know?

416: What?!

416 nearly trips in her haste to get back to UMP9's position so she can survey the scene.

R93 and K5 are being attacked in the street by LMB forces and are on the verge of going down when the seeker mine 416 threw changes course at the last moment—

Boom!

The seeker mine detonates with 100% effectiveness, blasting the attacking enemies sky high. Meanwhile, R93 and K5 manage to get behind cover in time and are unharmed, though stunned by the sight of aftermath.

K5: Er...

K5: Are those our attackers?

K5: ...I don't believe it, you got them all in a single mine. Well done, R93!

R93: No, it wasn't me.

K5: Eh?! Then what's going on?

R93: Maybe they accidentally hit a propane tank by the side of the road. Aren't the streets usually littered with those things?

K5: Maybe...?

K5: Looks like the wheel of fortune has finally started turning in your favor!

Sound of Grinding Teeth: What kind of dumb luck is this...?!

K5: Huh? Did you say something?

...

R93: Were you...hearing things?

R93: Aw, it doesn't matter. Come, let's see what the enemies dropped, then we'll wait somewhere else.

K5: Sure!

After watching the incredibly fortunate duo depart, 416 and UMP9 arrive at the location where the LMB troopers were wiped out.

UMP45: You sure did them a huge favor, 416.

416: How was I supposed to know a bunch of game enemies would show up at exactly the same moment?!

416: And shouldn't the seeker mine have prioritized its first target?!

UMP9: Well, the only one who could answer that question is the seeker mine, but it's gone.

UMP45: 9, they look eager to meet up with their friend. We'd best eliminate them before that happens.

UMP45: Press the attack any way you can, I'll meet up with you in a bit.

UMP9: Got it, 45!

...

K5: Uwah! Not again?!

R93: It might be the same bunch from before! What a pain!

K5: Let's just charge at them!

R93: Nonono, Vivi told us to protect ourselves. If we can shake them off, we should.

Boom—!

K5: Come on, they're even using grenades! They aren't going to let us escape, you know!

R93: Right! There's a cross junction up ahead. You go left, I'll go right, we'll shake them off and meet again up ahead!

K5: I hope this works. See you around!

R93 makes a turn at the cross junction and sprints through the snowstorm.

The sound of gunfire ringing in her ears tells her that the enemy is headed her way. As she thinks about how to handle this, another grenade goes off nearby, and the white vapor it throws up starts to blur her vision.

—

R93: Oh no...

Smug Voice: Heehee~ you've got nowhere to run now.

R93: W-wait a minute, aren't you a Griffin Doll?

R93: We're all colleagues, right? Surely we can talk things out!

Smug Voice: Unfortunately, I'm not a member of your company. You'd better savor your last moments in the game.

...

416: Have you gotten your target yet?

UMP9: Huh, does that mean you haven't caught them either?

416: She ran too fast... In any case, even taking out one of them will be enough. I'm pretty sure they're both carrying lots of good items.

R93: There's only mineral water here!

UMP9: Well, we'll find out what she exactly has when we search her!

UMP9: Oh yeah, weren't you feeling down about wasting a seeker mine just now? I've got another one here.

416: Cut the chatter and do it!

UMP9: As you can see, my partner's the impatient type.

UMP9: Goodbye then, Griffin Dolls~

R93 hears the sound of a seeker mine activating, and she realizes who set off the explosion a moment ago.

But unfortunately, it's too late. With the snowstorm severely hindering her vision, all she can do is fire wildly in all directions, scrabbling back as she hears the seeker mine approach.

All of a sudden, she trips and loses her balance, falling backward as inertia carries her along. Then something unexpected happens—

R93: Whoaaaa!

Pomf!

UMP9 and 416 watch as R93 suddenly vanishes.

UMP9: Ehhhh?!

416: Uh...

"Is there even such a skill in the game?"

UMP9 is just about to voice this question when she realizes that the seeker mine has stopped in place.

It would seem it hasn't gone off because it has lost its target. A moment later, it acquires a new target...

416: How is this even possible?!

416: 9, get away!

UMP9: Don't worry, this kind of thing only needs a dodge roll to...

416: Wait, that's...!

Boom!

An explosion goes off at the terminus of 9's dodge roll. There is a blaze of fiery light, and 9 looks like a squashed frog on the ground, her face blackened by soot.

System: Player "Reina" has been killed by a suitcase bomb.

UMP45: ...

416: So, would you like to comment on the dearly departed?

UMP45: When I catch up to you, I'll let my fists do the talking.

UMP45: ...What about the target?

416: I have no idea what happened to her. She just vanished.

416: It seems I won't be able to do any real damage to her.

UMP45: Looks like we won't be able to finish them off, and we even lost 9 as well...

UMP45: Still, that's fine. There can only be one winner, after all.

UMP45: Collect 9's gear and come back.

416: ...

UMP45: Don't go all scary and quiet all of a sudden. The loss of my two reliable comrades deeply wounds me.

416: As if anyone would believe that!

After picking up the supplies that 9 dropped, 416 leaves the street, griping as she goes.

...

R93: ...No, wait.

R93: Are you still there?

R93: Hellooooo? K5, are you there? K—5—!

...

R93: ...Aw, what rotten luck... It's absolutely terrible...

R93: Uh, if whoever it is that's coming after me is still out there, I don't mind if you show yourself either!

R93: Just, don't leave me here, at least finish me off or something!

...

...

—On the other side.

Vector: ...

Fang: ...

Fang: I thought it would be over soon, but you're more resilient than I expected. I'll give you that much.

Vector: I wouldn't be standing here if I couldn't endure this.

Dima: Well done, Agent! You managed to corner her!

Dima: Quick, finish her off while you have the chance!

Vector: You don't need to remind me.

Fang: In that case, I'll need a new plan.

Vector: ...?

Fang: You need to save the best for last... I look forward to seeing the look of despair on your face when the time comes.

Fang vanishes after leaving that cryptic comment behind.

Dima: Wait!

Dima: Dammit, she gave me the slip!

Vector: ...Why do you sound like you want her dead?

Dima: Oh I'd like nothing more than to wipe her off the face of the earth this instant!

Dima: Ah, of course, it's for Manhattan's sake!

Vector: ...Isn't she a player too? Did you tell her the same thing about me as well?

Dima: Huh?

Vector: Things aren't adding up, Dima.

Vector: Are you hiding something from me?

Dima: U-uh, I...!

K5: Vivi... Vivi! If you hear me, please respond!

K5: How are things on your end?

Dima: ...

Vector: ...

Vector: This is Vector, the enemy got away. How about you?

K5: I just rescued R93.

K5: You won't believe how pathetic she looked while being chased by the enemy, it was hilarious!

R93: Shut up! I've had enough bad luck for one day!

Vector: Thank goodness, it seems you're both alright.

Vector: Were you attacked just now? Who was the enemy?

R93: They're long gone, probably because they lost one of their people.

Vector: I see... Was your opponent from Griffin too?

R93: Sorry, I got flashbanged before I could see them...

K5: I did I did! I saw her!

K5: I've never met her at Griffin before, but her silver hair and lime green eyes were very striking!

Vector: Silvery hair and lime green eyes...?

K5: Is something wrong?

Vector: ...

Vector: I think we encountered the same enemy, but it's strange... How did she appear in two different places within such a short time frame..?

Vector: I'm heading over to you ASAP. Be careful.

R93: Don't worry, at least there won't be anyone else coming...

K5: R93!!!

R93: Ehhh?!

Vector: Those gunshots, is it her again?!

K5: Hang on, Let me take a look...

K5: Eh?!

K5: That...that's...

K5: Whoa!

R93: V-Vivi! You—

R93: Aaaahhhh—!

Vector: K5! R93!

【Transmission terminated.】

System: X Hellfire has killed Good Luck Doesn't Last.

System: X Hellfire has killed Philosopher Fairy.

Vector: ...

Vector: ...So I have to do this alone in the end?

Vector: Still, just you wait.

...

Kalina: ...What an unexpected development!

—In the Griffin command room.

Kalina: Vector's gotten serious now, surely she'll have no problems making it into the finals!

Doll A: I can't wait to see what Vivi does next.

Doll B: Yeah... I'm trembling with anticipation!

K5: Ha, don't worry, Vivi will win for sure now that she means business!

Doll A: Huh? How come you logged off so fast?

R93: Why would I want to hang around on Level II...?

R93: What are the popularity numbers like now?

Doll B: Oh, your team made huge gains, but we don't know what'll happen in the end.

K5: Well, we're obviously pretty good since the Commander chose us!

Doll C: Don't oversell her. This game isn't that easy.

K5: Huh? Do YOU know better, then?

Doll C: Of course I do. Let me get this out of the way, I haven't played this game before, but I HAVE seen it streamed. Vivi lacks experience in how to play "The Division", which is why her team nearly wiped.

Doll C: I know some streamers are good enough to turn the tables by themselves, but their skills are several levels above Vivi's.

R93: You haven't even played before, so who are you to talk?

Doll C: But I've seen it being streamed, which is why I understand how this works. Don't you ever watch livestreams?

K5: Dammit, that's not even an argument!

Doll C: The results will be argument enough. Why don't we see which of the teams we support ends up winning?

K5: Sounds good to me! Come, 93! Let's bet on Vivi!

R93: No, you need to calm down...

K5: What's there to be calm about? Vivi will win for sure, just you wait!

K5: Miss Kalina, this is my wager!

K5: Come come come, there's plenty for everyone!

K5: Thanks for your patronage~

...

System: 10 Agents remaining.

...

Dima: Agent? Agent?

Dima: I'm not picking up your position. Your signal echo vanished in Manhattan.

Dima: Please respond, I repeat, please respond...

416: ...Shut up.

Lexington Avenue.

416 re-emerges onto the streets, illuminated by a street lamp.

416: I narrowly managed to escape death just now, I don't want you to blow out my eardrums with your whining.

Dima: I'm glad you're alright, Agent.

416: Save it. I don't recall you showing the least bit of concern for me when I was running around just now.

416: If you really want to make yourself useful, then why don't you think of a way to help me out?

Dima: I can't assist you from my current position, Agent...

416: ...Then forget it.

416: It's not like I was really expecting an NPC to be of much help anyway.

The fog slowly clears...

The storm is over, and only a few scattered snowflakes still flit through the sky.

The street lights are evenly distributed throughout the darkness, illuminating the street corners. The cold air forms a mist close to the ground, making this city of death look even more menacing.

Dima: We dispatched a wave of Agents into the Dark Zone before you, but the results were not what we were hoping for — namely, the rogue agents that you encountered.

Dima: I'm glad you're much more capable than our previous Agents. I believe that with your help, this operation's success won't be too far off.

416: Success...

416 purses her lips as she walks down the road.

416: I am not the least bit interested in winning or losing this game.

416: I was dragged into this unwillingly in the first place.

416: 45's the one who wants the prize money.

Dima: B-but...

416: I'm not backing out.

Dima: Hm?

416: You're just an NPC, so you probably don't understand.

416: Anyone would get mad after being treated that way.

416: And while I'm not particularly driven to win, I hate losing pointlessly even more.

Just as 416 finishes speaking, her communicator suddenly lights up for the first time in a long while.

UMP45: Good evening. I see you managed to survive?

UMP45: I thought Griffin sent out some kind of badass, but turns out she didn't manage to do much to you.

416: You sound disappointed.

416: Upset that I didn't die?

UMP45: Well, considering this is a game, I don't see why we couldn't give it a try.

UMP45: After all, we rarely get to experience such things, don't you think?

416: The two of us actually agree on something. That is rare indeed.

416: I also feel that since this is a game, we should cherish these rare opportunities.

416: Like say, by doing things we can't do outside.

UMP45: I'm very glad to hear you say that. Now, if you could rein in that murderous intent you're radiating I would be even happier.

UMP45: I, for one, have nothing but the deepest faith in an elite Doll like yourself, which is why I've entrusted such an important task to you.

UMP45: I wouldn't rest easy if it had been someone else.

416: Why, what an honor.

UMP45: You're welcome. I'll accept a drink from you once the game is over.

UMP45: Ah~ That's right, thanks to you delaying the enemy, I managed to find the medicine that NPC wanted. There are six doses in total.

UMP45: I'll bring your share onto the departure craft with me, so you'd better do your best, okay?

The transmission ends.

416: We'll see who gets the last laugh.

416: The last person who made me mad is still...

...

416: Forget it.

416: This is weird.

416: There's no more fog, but it feels even more disorienting than before.

416: I'm having difficulty finding the right path.

Dima: That's because hardly anyone has come here before.

416: Why is it you can still contact me?

Dima: We have a special SHD-only frequency.

416: Really?

Dima: After this, please pay attention to the contaminated areas within the Dark Zone. Staying there for extended periods of time will worsen your infection.

416: If you're talking about the passages by the road which seem to be glowing green, I already guessed they were bad news. I have no intention of going into them.

Dima: After Black Friday, they moved a large number of the people who needed help to this region, then built a wall around them and established Manhattan's final defensive line.

Dima: The situation deteriorated beyond what the line could handle.

Dima: When Manhattan lost power, this place was quickly abandoned. The only thing left behind other than the cutting edge weapons and gear they once used is death.

Dima: Nobody went in again, and nobody has come out alive either.

416: The Dark Zone.

416: ...It takes a light to cast shadows.

416: But I can't see the slightest bit of light in this world.

416: It's just going from one Hell to a worse one.

Dima: No, we still have a thread of hope left here—

416: "The people outside desperately need the medicine."

416: You're trying to say that light is hidden in the darkest place, right?

416: Cliches like that went out of style 40 years ago.

Dima: That's the most important objective to me.

Dima: The medicine itself means more than its mere existence.

Dima: What it symbolizes—hope—is far more important.

Dima: People always try to save things because they need a purpose.

Dima: This is also why we're so weak when we try to save ourselves.

416: What you said sounds pretty deep and profound, but do you actually know what it means?

416: It doesn't match at all with what I said. You sound like you're reading off a script.

Dima: There seems to be a good extraction point near the Russian Embassy. If you find the medicine, you can call for help there.

416: Well, isn't that a "personalized" suggestion... Hm?

Thud!

As a chill creeps up her spine, 416 silently curses herself for her carelessness — she was so caught up in talking to Dima that she failed to noticed the rapid footsteps behind her.

By the time she realizes that someone was approaching, her opponent has already gotten to within two body lengths - a somewhat dangerous range for her.

Before even verifying the identity of the person behind her, 416 explosively maxes out her body's physical parameters by turning to face the source of the sound and holding down the trigger.

From the corner of her vision, she notices a familiar figure swiftly evading the attack.

Vector: Silvery hair and lime green eyes... I won't let you get away this time.

416: Again?

416: —Alright then, this time I'll silence you for good!

...

Several minutes ago.

System: The transmission ends.

System: X Hellfire has killed Good Luck Doesn't Last.

System: X Hellfire has killed Philosopher Fairy.

Vector: ...

R93 and K5's transmissions are suddenly interrupted, and the announcement of their deaths soon follows.

Vector clenches her fists. It implies that she is now totally alone.

PP-90's words are still echoing in her ears.

Vector: ...Even without the Commander's mission to drive me...

Vector: Even if it's just for the sake of my friends, I will NOT lose.

I have to win.

This thought burns brightly within Vector's neural cloud.

Not only does she have to win, but also...

Vector: Silvery hair and lime green eyes...

Vector: I know, I know there is no right or wrong on the battlefield.

Vector: But...the deaths of my friends must be avenged.

Dima: Agent, please continue advancing, there's not much time left!

Vector: I know that, can't you see I'm moving forward?

Vector: ...How many agents are left, Miss Dima?

Dima: ...There should be three left, I think.

Vector: You actually answered me?

Vector: ...Before this you didn't seem to care.

Dima: Surely you jest, Agent.

Dima: The enemy forces are still very strong, so I need you all to work together.

Vector: I can't do that.

Vector: One of the other surviving agents...has silvery hair and lime green eyes, right?

Vector: I will never forgive her for what she did.

Dima: Agent, there is no need to continue fighting among yourselves. Please...

Vector: ...!

Just as Vector slowly approaches the center, a familiar yet eye-catching form comes into view.

Vector: —It's her!

Dima: W-wait, Agent!

Vector: Blood for blood!

Dima: Please wait! Agents! You don't need to fight anymore!

416: You should be telling her that.

416: However, you'll have to pray that she survives this time.
Part 2

2

The sounds of gunfire in the Dark Zone grow more and more intense, but the enemies patrolling the street are not alarmed by it—

They act as their programming dictates - they will only make a move once they "see" their enemies. Therefore, when facing these enemies, whose action priorities are predetermined, the best course of action is to pull the trigger without any hesitation.

However, 416 feels that there is a big difference when she faces off against Vector once more — that is because the last time she fought Vector, her opponent felt more like an NPC adversary.

That said, her present circumstances give her no time to dwell on the strangeness of this.

Bullets sweep across the ground, throwing up a trail of dust clouds and sprays of muddy water—

They race after their sprinting target, until said target slides behind a car by the roadside.

As 416 reloads, she sees Vector exposed for a moment between her rounds of shooting, but just as she leans out to take a shot, an HE grenade lands nearby.

416: Tsk!

This is the last piece of cover available to 416.

While she manages to evade the damage of the grenade with a dodge roll, she is left completely exposed to Vector's shooting in turn.

At this point, both sides are practically within arms' reach. As she leaves her cover, 416 can see Vector in full combat mode, while the weapon in her hands looks like it's been upgraded by the spoils of war.

Even so, 416 manages to find a slim lifeline; there is a suitcase bomb between herself and Vector, its sensor LED flashing. 416 opens fire on it without any hesitation.

For a brief moment, 416 feels herself being struck by multiple bullets, but then the shooting stops almost as abruptly as it began.

Her enemy is out of rounds.

Having come to that conclusion, 416's vision begins to turn red. She charges through the smokescreen thrown up by the explosion and points her gun's muzzle squarely between Vector's eyes.

Similarly, Vector has her sidearm — she was unable to reload her primary weapon in time — out and pointed at 416's left eye.

416: ...

Vector: ...

The first to act will win, and both sides are on equal footing. Yet neither side pulls their respective triggers — they appear to have seen the same confusion they are feeling mirrored in each other's eyes.

The brief silence is broken by a screeching noise. A red signal flare climbs into the air above the city's skyline, far in the distance.

It is the landing beacon for the extraction chopper.

System: "aaaa" has called for Agent extraction.

System: 9:59:62 until evac chopper arrives.

Dima: A-Agents! Someone's launched the evac signal flare! Please hurry here and meet up ASAP!

Vector: If you're so worried, you can go yourself. I've got more important things to take care of.

416: You're really not going to let it go?

Vector: Whose fault do you think it is, anyway?

Dima: Hey, I don't care if you want to fight all day afterwards, but now is really not the time— Whoa!

Vector: Miss Dima? What's happening on your side?

ISAC: Detecting large numbers of hostile signals.

416: At a time like this...

Right after ISAC's warning, 416 and Vector both feel their vision distorting almost simultaneously.

Right after that, they hear the quiet sound of metal clinking, and throw themselves away from each other in a reflexive dodge — and the place they had occupied just a moment ago is promptly engulfed in a series of explosions.

The blasts were caused by several HE grenades, coming from the direction of the signal flare. The rogue agents have appeared once more.

416: Aren't these numbers a bit much?

Dima: All the surrounding enemies are converging on the extraction point, in addition to the ones who have already spotted you.

416: Was it because 45 called the evac chopper?

416: —Come to think of it, how come your voice is so soft now?

Dima: Don't worry about me for now, focus on what's in front of you, Agents!

Dima: You guys are in a spot of trouble...

???: —Are you ready...to die?

???: —The moment...when everything ends...

Dima: We're doomed...

416: Wait a minute, that voice is...

A nearby explosion from a grenade interrupts 416's train of thought — the rogue agents have surrounded them.

After finding a hiding place, 416 checks her mag and verifies Vector's position.

416: So the enemy is targeting her too?

Dima: I think so...

Dima: Wait a minute, what are you up to?

416 ignores Dima. She waits for a moment when Vector is being pinned down by the rogue agents before turning and fleeing down an alley.

Dima: Hey! Don't run off by yourself! Are you going to abandon her?

Dima: If you don't work together, both of you will have a hard time dealing with all these enemies by yourselves!

416: You're so damn naggy... We might be quarreling, but my partner is still 45. There's no way I'd work with someone from Griffin.

416: My friend has already called the evac chopper, and the medicine is over there too.

416: Why should I not meet up with her and waste my time on that madwoman instead?

Dima: B-but...

There seems to be a disturbing change in the way Dima is speaking.

Though 416 doesn't want to describe it that way...

It feels as though Dima has come to life.

Dima: I have higher hopes on the two of you than the other one.

416: What?

The sound of gunfire closes in.

Dima: Huh? It-it looks like she's catching up!

416: Tsk, caught between a rock and a hard place. What a pain.

416: Get out of my way!
Part 3

    3chevron_right

—Somewhat earlier, at the United Nations Plaza.

After being taken over by the Last Man Battalion, this place, which once safeguarded peace, was converted into a military stronghold.

The defenders here were cleared out not long ago. UMP45 spots the human agent who's been guiding them over the radio all this time on the plaza...

UMP45: ...Yo, have you been waiting here the whole time?

UMP45: Come to think of it, I've been wondering where you were all along.

UMP45: So you were waiting for us at the destination after all, hm?

Dima: It's you...!

UMP45: "It's you"?

UMP45: Got a problem?

UMP45: Sounds like you've got a bone to pick with me.

Dima: ...No, that's not what I meant, Agent.

Dima: What about the other agents? Are they not here yet? As I recall, you weren't operating alone.

UMP45: I'm the only one here, and I'm going to be the only winner.

UMP45: ...You have the flare gun, right? Give it to me.

Dima: ...

UMP45 reaches out to Dima for the most important item in the game.

With the flare gun, the game can enter its final stages. After that, all she has to do is get on the chopper and the winner will be decided.

...At least, that's how it's supposed to be.

Just as 45 thinks Dima is going to hand her the flare gun, Dima suddenly takes a step back.

UMP45: ...

UMP45: ...What a surprise. So even you are going to get between me and the prize money?

Dima: No, that's not it. It's just...

Dima: Um... It's a little dangerous to call for the evac chopper when you're fighting by yourself.

Dima: We need more manpower to deal with any unexpected things that might come up.

UMP45: ...Do we now?

Dima: Yes... Once you call the evac chopper, unexpected things are sure to occur.

UMP45: How unexpected can they be? Are talking turtles are going to burst out of the sewers or something?

Dima: I'm being serious...urgh!

As Dima tries to talk UMP45 down, the latter trains the cold, dark and hollow muzzle of her gun at the NPC.

UMP45: You don't sound like you're the least bit afraid of "unexpected things".

UMP45: The truth is, you know EXACTLY what's going to happen, don't you? Or do you simply not want to give me the gun?

Dima: A-Agent—！

UMP45: I don't care which it is.

UMP45: A mere NPC has no right to tell me what to do.

UMP45 snatches the flare gun and points it into the sky.

There is a shrill screech, and a brilliant red light soars into the jet-black sky...

Dima: You... What have you done?!

Almost at the same time, UMP45's vision distorts slightly.

Helicopter Pilot: —Evac chopper approaching.

UMP45: Well? Nothing much has happened.

UMP45: Simple enough, wasn't it?

Dima: No! This isn't like what I expected at all!

ISAC: High-threat target detected.

Dima: Aaaaahhhh they're here, we're doomed we're doomed we're doomed!

UMP45: Who are you babbling to?

UMP45: Would you mind shutting the hell up?

Dima: I will not shut... Uwahhhh!

A black tide of rogue agents floods in, giving them not time to breathe.

As both sides exchange heavy fire, UMP45 precisely and methodically eliminates all the targets approaching her.

Meanwhile, Dima has been pinned inside the cover, but she still seems to be trying to contact somebody else.

Dima: We're doomed... It's over...

UMP45: If this is what scares you, then you're pathetic.

UMP45: These peons can't even come close to hurting me as long as I have enough ammo in reserve.

UMP45: It'll be a piece of cake to hold out until the chopper arrives.

Dima: You don't understand! You don't know anything at all!

Dima: If you fail here... It means all my previous work will be for nothing!

Dima: ...Aaaahhhh! When can I get out of this goddamn place?!

UMP45: I don't know anything?

Dima: That's right! You don't know anything!

Dima: These rogue agents aren't the scary part! It's—

UMP45: It's "Hellfire", right?

Dima: ...!

UMP45: Now that you mention it... I've been meaning to ask this for a while, but I haven't been able to find the opportunity.

UMP45: Miss Agent, don't you think your behavior is far too unsightly?

UMP45: And here I had some expectations of you.

Dima: Er... W-what do you mean...

UMP45: You're not an NPC at all. You're a player, like us.

Dima: I...!

Dima: I don't understand what you're talking about—

Dima stands up in an attempt to run away, but then a shot whizzes past her ear.

She gets the message and crouches back down immediately.

Dima: Ahhhh, I'm hit, I'm hit!

Dima: I don't want to be stuck in this godforsaken place forever, somebody save me!

UMP45: I really am impressed by your sheer nerve. Your masquerade is in tatters and you're STILL trying to carry on pretending?

Dima: Er...

UMP45: Of course, if that was it, I wouldn't care at all.

UMP45: It doesn't matter one bit to me whether you're a player or an NPC.

UMP45: That is until I noticed one teeny tiny detail...

Dima: W-what detail?

UMP45: If I'm not mistaken, you know me, don't you?

UMP45: Ever since we met, you've been acting very strangely.

UMP45: Compared to, oh, someone who was afraid of a dangerous stranger, it was more like you were afraid of ME.

UMP45: You're afraid of "UMP45".

Dima: What are you talking about, why would I be scared of you for no reason at all?!

UMP45: You've been stuck in the game all this time, haven't you?

Dima: Ye...huh?

Dima: W-what do you mean?

UMP45: Heehee.

UMP45 chucks a gun turret over the cover. After successfully distracting the rogue agents, she shifts her attention back to Dima.

UMP45: Nervous, aren't you? Ja, you should be.

UMP45: If you're who I think you are, then you should know how I do things.

UMP45: This game is winner-takes-all, and I will be the winner. I don't care how I reach that outcome as long as I do.

UMP45: Therefore, right when the game began, I tried a special trick I used before in the past.

Dima: A special trick...

UMP45: (Grins) That's right, I gave myself a little access, enough to allow me to check the status of every player logged into this game. Do you know what I found?

UMP45: Out of the 24 players in the game, 19 of them were from Griffin. After adding my team, the total comes to only 23 people...

UMP45: And as for the last player, perhaps they were careless, but they didn't hide their login information.

UMP45: And the place that player logged in from...surprisingly enough, it's very similar to a place I once visited~

Though surrounded by countless enemies, UMP45 runs through the information she has learned in a playful, mocking tone, then she points a finger at Dima.

Dima: What! Why you! You actually found my server address?!

UMP45: Quit pretending.

UMP45 snatches off Dima's gas mask.

Dima: Aaaaaahhhh! What are you doing?!

Dima: I'm dying I'm dying!

UMP45: I have to say, seeing your performance was quite entertaining, and 416 hasn't even suspected it yet.

UMP45: Ah, I wonder what kind of amusing faces she and Gr G11 would make if I told them about this. To think Miss Dima, who has been pretending to be an NPC all along, is actually—

...

UMP45: —Tsk, I didn't expect you to be the first one here.

UMP45: 416 must have gone to great lengths to shake you off.

A gunshot interrupts UMP45's exposition. She looks toward the source of the sound and sees a short-haired Doll. It is Vector.

Vector: You're the other player, right?

Vector: Sorry, but I need to win.

UMP45: No problem, no problem. That's how competitions are. There must be a loser if there is to be a winner.

UMP45: You, on the other hand, should have put that bullet into me instead.

Vector: I have no grudge with you. I just want to settle this fair and square.

Dima: Don't try to reason with her!

Bangbangbang!

Before Dima can finish, while Vector is distracted—

UMP45's gun spews a tongue of flame!

Vector: !

Vector swiftly rolls into cover, and the gunshots stitch a line of small bullet holes into the tarmac.

Dima: Hey! Have some class!

UMP45: Can it.

Rattle rattle rattle...

A discordant note rings out amidst the lethal melody of gunfire.

45's wealth of battle experience beats her about the head and when she looks down, she sees a pair of grenades rolling to her feet.

UMP45: Scheiße!

She curses quietly, then leaps back like a frightened sparrow.

BOOM!

Dima: Aaaaaaaahhhh!

UMP45: I can't believe she could react under those circumstances... That's why I hate high-spec Dolls.

The shockwave from the explosion lifts 45's body off the ground and smashes her into a pile of rubble. She can see a huge chunk fall off her HP bar in an instant.

She reflexively bounces back up like a spring, but then she freezes.

UMP45: Humph.

Vector: Checkmate.

As the dust from the explosion clears and UMP45 stumbles to her feet...

The vacuous black muzzle of Vector's gun looms before her.

UMP45: Well, this is embarrassing... You'd better win, elite Doll.

Bang!

System: X Tactical Doll Vector killed aaaa.

Dima: ...Is-is she dead?

Vector: Are you alright, Miss Dima?

Dima: ...I-I'm fine.

Dima: Agent, weren't you pursuing 4...the other Agent?

Vector: ...Unfortunately, she gave me the slip halfway.

Vector: All I could do was come to the meetup point, which brought me to the recent development.

Vector: Now that you mention it, I didn't know you looked like this, Miss Dima.

Dima: Er, that... Ahem, that's not important.

Dima: Thanks for the rescue.

Vector: You're welcome. It would seem victory is mine.

Dima: Hm?

Vector: All that's left is...

Bang!

A gunshot rings out and a bullet ricochets off a stone wall, narrowly missing Vector.

416: Damn you! What have you done?!

416: You stole my objective...and you killed my friend!

Dima: You know, when I think about how these two things are actually one and the same, I...

Vector: Tsk! She's here!

Dima: Wait, wait, you two, stop fighting!

Dima: Whoa—!

Vector has already thrown out a smoke grenade the moment she heard the gunshot. She then drags Dima behind cover.

Dima: L-listen to me!

Vector: Tsk! Now quit struggling and die, Hellfire!

416: That emo name has nothing to do with me!

Dima: Seriously, just listen to me!

Helicopter Pilot: ...Evac Chopper...Now...approaching.

???: Are you...ready?

???: The last...battle...

416: What are those voices?

Vector: They're back...

Dima: Voices? What voices?

Vector: Can't you hear them? They're like a radio signal forcing a connection to me, echoing in my head and saying strange things.

Dima: Strange things?

Dima: It-it's "them", it must be "them"!

Vector: Who?

Dima: (Groans) Your REAL enemies...

Dima: "Hellfire" and "Fang."

...

Helicopter Pilot: Evac chopper approaching.

Helicopter Pilot: ETA 30 seconds...

...In the Dark Zone.

Vector: Hellfire and Fang? Are you talking about enemies in this game?

Dima: You'll understand once they show up. I don't know how to explain it to you now...

Vector: Are you trying to spin a story at a time like this?

Dima: No, I'm not trying to pull a fast one on you... I-I have difficulties that I can't explain!

Dima is having trouble fending off Vector's onslaught of questions, but the tension is soon broken by the beating of rotor blades—

The evac chopper is now hovering above the extraction point.

Dima: The chopper's here!

Dima: Cease fire, Vector, the enemy's coming!

Vector: Cease fire? As if I could do that!

Vector: I won't share victory with the one who killed my teammates!

Dima: But 416 isn't the one who killed your teammates!

Dima: Ahhhhhh— Dammit!

Vector: Wait, what are you doing?!

Dima jumps out of cover and waves her arms in all directions, hoping her actions will inform 416 of her desire to cease hostilities.

Dima: Whoaaa!

416: Gott verdammt ...What the hell is going on?

Dima: 416!

416: Dima... What are you doing here?

416: Where's that crazy Doll?

Vector: Miss Dima!

Vector pokes her head out from behind cover, her gun barrel pointed at 416.

416 is just as vigilant and levels her weapon at Vector as well.

Dima: You guys... Stop fighting already...

Dima: Please, I'm begging you...

Dima: There's a more powerful boss around!

416: A boss?

Dima: Yes, as I was trying to tell you, the person you met earlier...

Dima: Actually, she's—

Boom—

Dima's words are interrupted by a thunderous explosion that turns the rescue chopper into a massive fireball.

Vector: Is that...an anti-air missile?

The helicopter falls like a comet from the sky, trailing flames and smoke as it hits the plaza.

The rotor blades are snapped off by the impact and the fuselage continues careening toward the three of them.

Vector: Well, crap.

Dima: Aaaah!

Dima: 4-416!

416: Shut up and RUN!

Vector dives aside as a wave of heat washes over her.

416 roughly kicks Dima into cover and uses the momentum of the reaction force to throw herself behind another obstacle in the other direction.

Finally, the chopper grinds to a halt after hitting the main door of the UN Headquarters.

Boom—

The second explosion radiates a dazzling light, and the blast generates a powerful rolling shockwave.

By the time 416 and Vector open their bleary eyes and verify each others' position, they find that they have been surrounded by rogue agents.

ISAC: Warning, extreme threat detected!

ISAC: Warning...treme threat det...!

The powerful signal disruption is even affecting ISAC. His repeated words of warning bring everyone's eyes to the crash site blazing in the cold darkness of the night, where a pair of figures emerge, much to both 416 and Vector's surprise—

They see "416" and "Vector" - a pair of Dolls who are the spitting image of themselves.

"416" is holding a launcher of some sort in her raised left arm. It's plain to see that she was the one who shot down the chopper.

Meanwhile, "Vector" stands behind her, a riot shield in hand and a cold gleam in her eye. To her, the original 416 and Vector seem to be nothing more than meat for the chopping block.

416?: ...Found you at last.

Vector?: The time for cleansing is nigh. The souls of the sinful shall be redeemed.

416: Huh? What the hell is the meaning of this?

416: Are you kidding me, I don't recall ever authorizing such a shoddy copy of myself to be made.

Vector: Are they different Dolls of the same model...?

Vector: Her parts seem to be different from mine.

Dima: I told you, these guys are your enemies... Hellfire Vector and Fang 416!

416: I didn't expect you to still be alive, Hellfire!

Vector: ...Hellfire?

416: That Doll who looks like you is the Hellfire you're looking for.

Vector: So you weren't the one who killed R93 and K5...?

Vector: What kind of trickery is this, Miss Dima?

Dima: It's not a trick! I was trying to make up for a mistake!

Dima: Frankly speaking, if it wasn't because of game compatibility issues, I wouldn't have used your AIs, maybe a GraySkullmon would have been better...

Vector: Game compatibility? Using our AIs?

Vector: What are you talking about?

416: GraySkullmon...hehe, hahahaha!

Dima: Er... Cut out that creepy laugh, would you?

416: I see, I think I understand.

416: I get it now!

416: This way of talking, as well as this extensive knowledge of classic animated series...

416: That reminds me of no one other than Gr G11... UNLESS—

416: Sounds like you've been having fun, Dier.

Dima: ...

Dima: Urgh! No, I'm not-!

416: Not going to admit it? Alright then, I'll liquidate you now, then I'll pay you a visit in person and...

Dier?: N-no, please don't!

Dier?: ...Fine, fine, I admit it! It's me!

Vector: While I'm not too sure what exactly is going on...

Vector: The two of you seem to know each other.

Vector: And it would seem Miss Dima...no, Miss Dier is the culprit behind all this?

416: He's a guy.

Vector: Unforgivable.

Dier?: Well, er, about this...

Fang: Ladies? Are you done chatting yet?

Fang: If you are, would you mind giving us a bit of screen time?

Hellfire: The fires of purification...shall burn away all your sins.

Dier?: Ahhhh!

Dier?: I, I promise I'll tell the truth, but could you please get rid of them first?!

416: ...Tsk, you're pathetic.

Countless rogue agents begin gathering behind the grinning Fang.

Meanwhile, Hellfire raises her gun eagerly like a predator thirsting for blood.

Fang: You've been naughty, Miss Dima. So you recruited a couple of thieving cats to help you out.

Fang: Didn't I tell you before that I was all you need?

Bangbangbang—

A hail of gunfire threatens to pulverize the trio's cover into dust. If this were the real world, they would have been full of holes by now.

416: (Gags and chokes)

Vector: ...What's the matter with you?

416: ...Nothing.

416: I just got grossed out by how she spewed such nonsense using my face.

After shooting "Dier", who has practically curled up into a ball, another dirty look, 416 turns her attention to Vector.

They've been enemies until now, but after exchanging a glance, they nod to each other in silent accord.

416: You'd best prepare yourself, Dier. If you don't give us a satisfactory explanation...

Vector: I'll make you regret you were ever born.

Dier gulps as 416 and Vector both shoot him death glares.

Dier?: Uh, h-here are my ammo pouch and my medical bag, p-please help yourselves.

Dier?: Also...make sure you win!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

The cold wind and snow cannot freeze the blazing remains of the helicopter wreckage, but the battle at the UN Plaza has come to an end.

Fang: Ugh—!

Fang: It shouldn't... It shouldn't be like this!

Hellfire: Is this...my salvation?

416: Whew... Those guys were tough.

416: Still, it's over now.

Vector: R93, K5, PP-90...

With "416" and "Vector" collapsed on the ground, the last of the enemy have been wiped out. Their opponents allow themselves to relax at last.

They are about to exchange looks of mutual approval amidst the firelight when "Dier" ruins the mood.

Dier?: Yaaay—! You won! At long last, you won!

416: ...

416: That chap over there seems very happy.

Vector: ...That reminds me, I need to take care of some unfinished business.

Dier?: (Chokes and coughs)

Dier?: S-sorry about that, I just got too excited... Wait a minute, why are you pointing your gun at me?!

416: Don't forget, we've still got a score of our own to settle.

Dier?: Huh? D-do we?

416: Still going to play dumb?

Vector: I get it. You're the kind who doesn't realize how badly they've screwed up until it's rubbed into their face, right?

Vector: In that case...

Dier?: Okay! I'll talk! I'll talk!

416: Should have done that from the start.

Dier?: Er, actually... At first, I didn't expect things to end up like this.

Dier?: It was a winter afternoon, a peaceful, quiet time as always...

416: Get to the point!

Dier?: Owie!

Several days ago, inside "The Division"...

Agent 416: Enemies eliminated.

Dier: A-amazing!

Dier: Playing this game solo is hard, but now it's like I've got god mode activated!

Dier: I have to say, Dolls are amazing... To think I could use my secret backups of their neural clouds here. All I need to do is to make some slight adjustments to the game data and I can turn them into ally characters. This is great!

Agent 416: What are you giggling about? Call the chopper already!

Dier: ...Still, I didn't expect her personality to be duplicated as well. If only 416 were a little nicer.

Dier: (Sighs) I actually had a copy of Gr G11's neural cloud as well, but who'd have thought she'd freeze to death right after I uploaded her to the game... Hm, that was an accident, I guess?

Dier: Might as well tweak her data. How about making her stronger?

Helicopter Pilot: Evac chopper approaching.

ISAC: Warning, high-threat targets detected.

Dier: Here it comes, here it comes! Now that I've got a Doll to help me out, let's see what you can do to me, ahahahaha—

System: X Dima was killed by an NPC.

System: All players have been killed. The game will restart in 30 seconds...

Dier: Eeeehhhhhhhh?!

Agent 416: Dier, what the hell are you doing?!

Dier: I...I just...!

Agent 416: You just what? You can skip the explanation if all you're going to do is make excuses for how much you suck.

T-that's not true, I only died because that rogue agent ambushed me...

Agent 416: Here we go again, Dier's favorite - pushing the blame to someone else.

Grrr...!

Agent 416: Instead of quibbling here all day, why don't you just log off and play something more suited to a noob like you?

Y-you're just an AI replica! Where do you get off dissing me like that?!

Agent 416: You just suck. Either get good or get lost.

(Sniffles)

Agent 416: Now what?

Agent 416: Are you going to cry?

Dier: I'm not crying!

System: Logged off.

Dier: Dammit, why did I have to take that crap from a copy of 416's AI while playing a game...?

Dier: Did she preserve her personality data because she knew I'd use her neural cloud for something like this?

Dier: Hm, in any case, let's try adjusting 416's personality data. To begin with, I'll make her kinder...

Dier: Like this... And like this... Yep, looks like it's gonna work!

Dier: Hehe, no matter how sharp your tongue is, it's useless against the power of program editing!

Dier: 416, don't look down on the technical skills of this genius human engineer!

Dier: Game start!

System: Warning, data not compatible.

Dier: Ehhh?! What's wrong?

Dier: Game start!

System: Warning, data not compatible.

Dier: Why isn't it compatible? Don't tell me the system can't accept a kind and gentle 416?!

Dier: Game start!

System: Warning...

Dier: Shut up, now take this!

Dier seems to have forgotten all about his self-proclaimed technical genius and bashes the neural cloud adjustment terminal with a wrench.

System: Warning, hardware malfunction, initiating emergency safe mode.

Dier: Oh crap crap crap... Whoa!

Upon realizing something is wrong, Dier reaches out to cut the backup power, but a voice that sounds like 416 is talking through the VR helmet—

Agent 416: The data flow...is in disarray? Could this be some kind of virus attack?!

Agent 416: No, this feels...

Dier: Wait a minute, what's wrong with you, 416?

Agent 416: It was a cold winter day...an abandoned city and an armed unit...

Agent 416: Who...who am I?

Agent 416: Am I...part of the Last Man Battalion?

Dier: The Last Man Battalion? D-don't tell me 416's neural cloud has merged with the game data?

Dier: Oh no, I need to hurry and...ahhhh—!

A terrifying notion dawns on Dier, but he is powerless to stop anything from happening—

As a sudden electrical current sweeps away his consciousness, everything is calm again...

Dier: So in the end, the terminal activated safe mode, I couldn't log off normally, and I got stuck in the game.

Dier: From past experience, if I tried to forcibly break the connection, I'd end up losing years of game files!

Dier: And the worst part is, the neural cloud data I entered into the game was rewritten for some reason.

Dier: As you can see, 416 became "Fang" from the Last Man Battalion.

Dier: She was the main reason why safe mode kept running. In order to turn off safe mode, I'd have to beat the game and lure her out to defeat her, but...trying to beat the game by myself was way too hard!

Dier: A couple of days ago, I found a way to send a message to the outside world and got two Dolls to help me out while I pretended to be an NPC to guide them, but Fang, who had inherited 416's combat data, was way too strong, and they just weren't enough...

416: ...

Dier: W-why are you looking at me like that?

416: Who gave you permission to mess around with my neural cloud backups?!

Dier: Uwah! I'm against violence! No violence allowed!

Vector: I think I understand what's going on now, but why was my AI in the game too?

Vector: Did you hack into our main server?

Dier: Oh, no!

Dier: It's just that a lot of players suddenly joined and I noticed your exceptional performance so I secretly copied your data and made "Agent Vector".

Dier: But I didn't expect Fang to be like a trojan; she absorbed Agent Vector and turned her into Hellfire of the Cleaners.

Dier: In other words, now I have to take out the two of them to leave the game...

Vector: ...Unforgivable.

Dier: Wait, I'm actually an admin in the game, if you kill me, the game will restart!

416: You know, if you had just come out and told us this earlier, it would have saved us all that troublesome crap!

Dier: But if I told you earlier, you'd know I was posing as a girl online, right?!

416: ...Is that really something worth worrying about?!

Dier: Of course it is! I'm coming clean here because only the two of you know! So please, don't tell anyone else no matter what!

416: What should we do?

Vector: I don't care. I don't even know you anyway.

Dier: Please help me keep it secret! If I get any new parts, I'll give them to you at a 20... no, 50% discount!

416: Now why didn't you say so earlier?

416: Fine, it's not like I'm into gossiping about your crossdressing fetish anyway.

Dier: Th-thank you very much—!

...

In Griffin HQ.

Kalina: ...

Commander: ...

Gathered Dolls: ...

The room is dead silent.

Pfffft.

Nobody knows who started it, but like ripples from a drop of water, laughter begins to spread through the room.

Siscon Doll A: Pffffhahahaha... Big Sis Gr G36, look at that NPC, he's a total perv.

Kitchen Verboten Doll B: That...that's disgusting!

Kitchen Verboten Doll B: Who'd want to work with this crossdressing otaku brat anyway?!

Shark That Can't Swim Doll C: Hahahahaha! Oh this is hilarious!

Shark That Can't Swim Doll C: Hey, VHS! Did you see that?

Unhappy Doll D: ...Heh.

Commander: While I don't know who you are... I believe you have lost something very precious, Mr. Dier.

...

Inside 404's lair.

UMP9: Holy crap, seriously?! So it was actually Dier?!

Gr G11: (Groans) Seriously, it's kind of gross.

Pomf!

UMP9: Huh? 45! Where are you going in such a hurry?

UMP9: Hey! 45! Don't just take the folding chair! Your gun! Your gun's here!

...

Inside the game, in the Dark Zone.

416: Don't act like everything's over! We're not finished yet!

416: We may have sorted everything out and cleaned up your mess, but I'm not going to let you off this easily even if I do get the prize money!

Dier: Huh? Prize money? What prize money?

Vector: What prize money...? It's the reward for winning this officially-sponsored tournament. Aren't you playing to get it?

Dier: I just started playing the game because I liked it, but I haven't heard anything about a tournament or reward...?

416: ...

416 looks back and sees Vector, who's as stunned as she is. She takes a deep breath before pressing her gun muzzle into Dier's forehead and driving him backward until he's pressed against the chain link fence.

Dier: W-wait! Please give me a chance!

416: My patience has run dry!

Dier: Wait, wait, I know! I'll give you a big discount on your repairs next time! This is premium treatment that no other Doll gets to enjoy!

416: ...

Dier: I'll give you a 2—no, 3—no, 10... Alright, a 70% discount!!

—Morning, in the Griffin command room.

Kalina: Good~ Morning!

Commander: Morning.

Commander: You're in a good mood today, aren't you?

Kalina: That's because yesterday's event was a great success!

Commander: Ah, I truly didn't expect that...

Commander: To think a nonexistent tournament could spark a successful event.

Kalina: Ahaha, I checked in on Vector when I was passing by the dorms just now. She seems to be taking the whole thing pretty hard.

Commander: Yeah, nobody could have expected this to happen. I'll go console her in a bit.

Kalina: But the good news is, I made an absolute mint!

Kalina: Commander, should we organize things like this more often?

Commander: Well, even if Miss Helian approves, the Dolls don't have that much money to spend on this.

Kalina: Aw, that's a shame.

Commander: That's not the only thing you have to report, right?

Kalina: Oh, right.

Kalina: I received an anonymous apology letter today.

Commander: An anonymous apology letter?

Commander: Sync it over to my terminal.

Kalina: Okay!

...

Message forwarded. Extracting...

...

LETTER OF APOLOGY

To everyone in Griffin.

A certain someone ended up causing a huge fiasco which greatly inconvenienced everyone in Griffin due to my negligence in disciplining him. I humbly apologize on behalf of that moron.

This letter includes a token of our sincerity. Please accept it.

I hope you can all find it in yourselves to forgive his mistakes.

Thank you!

...

Commander: ...And you say you have no idea where the email came from?

Kalina: Nope, couldn't find anything.

Kalina: Still, the style of this letter reminds me of 404... But I guess I'm imagining things, huh?

Commander: They asked us to accept their apology, but what losses did we actually take yesterday?

Kalina: None at all. Rather, everyone had lots of fun playing the game!

Kalina: And most Importantly, thanks to the huge sum we earned this time round, we've made up for all the red in our ledgers!

Commander: How much money did they put into the pot, anyway?

Kalina: Let's just say everyone went all in~

Kalina: Now everyone's happy!

Commander: I see... Then all's well that ends well, I suppose.

...

...

Server: Connecting to online server.

Server: 15%.

Server: 46%.

Server: 99%.

Server: —Connection Complete.

【Bounty Feast - END】

...

Am RFB: 3...

Am RFB: 2...

Am RFB: 1...

Am RFB: Connection complete!

...

Am RFB: 3...

Am RFB: 2...

Am RFB: 1...

Am RFB: ...

Am RFB: 0.9...

Am RFB: 0.8...

Am RFB: 0.7...

MDR: Look, I understand how you feel, but playing counting games like this won't help.

Am RFB: Dammit!

MDR: Let it be, let it be.

MDR: Look at me, I've already lost interest in the whole thing.

Am RFB: I won't let you lose interest! We spent all night coming up with this plan! Don't let it go to waste!

MDR: I mean, what else do you want to do? Do you even remember how many times you've tried logging in?

Am RFB: ...

Am RFB: (Whimpers)

Am RFB: 3...

Am RFB: 2...

Am RFB: 1、0.9...

:...

Am RFB: Oh, ohh...

Am RFB: Ohhhhhh!

MDR: Eh?! No way!

Am RFB: It's that sound again! Sing, oh choirs of angels!

Server: 15%

Server: 46%...

Server: 99%

Server: ...

...

Am RFB: ...

Am RFB: We-we-we...

Am RFB: We're in at last!

Am RFB: At long last!

Am RFB: I can't believe it took so long!

Am RFB: Still, that's alright. Even if I missed the early-game phase, nobody will be able to last longer than three seconds in the face of yours truly, the pro gamer!

Am RFB: Come noobs, kneel to your goddess, ahahahaha—!

MDR: ...

MDR: Err, Am RFB.

Am RFB: What?

MDR: I think we're the only ones here.

Am RFB: ...

Am RFB: Uh, say what?

MDR: ...

MDR: The game's over...

Am RFB: ...

Am RFB: THE HELLLLLLLL?!

...

In the Griffin base.

Broadcast: Sign-ups for "The Division" Group Tournament are live! Places are limited, so join fast—!

VSK-94: ...

As VSK-94 steps into the corridor, she is suddenly body-blocked by three Dolls.

AK-47: Hey...think that's real?

A-91: Looks like the real deal... Tut tut tut.

SKS: Hm, it's not just the clothes... Look at her face. That face. Isn't it super familiar?

VSK-94: ...Excuse me, seniors?

VSK-94: May I know what you're talking about?

AK-47: Whoa! She's alive!

VSK-94: Huh?

SKS: How drunk are you, anyway? Of course she's alive, did you think someone else moved her here?

AK-47: Wait a minute, I wanna follow this line of questioning. Are Dolls really alive?

VSK-94: ...Um, if you'll excuse me.

A-91: Hey wait wait wait!

A-91: Don't go so soon, rookie... Come, we want to get to know you a little better...

VSK-94: I remember you. You must be Miss A-91, if I'm not mistaken.

VSK-94: I'm not opposed to joining your conversation...

VSK-94: But it seems you simply wish to make fun of me.

AK-47: No no no, we're not making fun of you. Rather, we have a great deal of respect for you! Sort of.

A-91: Da, da.

VSK-94: ...I don't get it.

VSK-94: Why do you say that?

SKS: Now where should we begin...

AK-47: Ahaha, I won't beat around the bush, then, rookie.

AK-47: You used to be a gop, right?

VSK-94: A what?

SKS: A COP! A police officer!

SKS: Ignore her, she's as drunk as a skunk.

VSK-94: ...Da, I used to serve with the police, and for a long time too.

VSK-94: What about it?

A-91: Hah! Well, not to toot our own horn, but whenever we go out on missions, we almost always end up getting the cops... I mean, police up our asses.

AK-47: Da! Thassright! Never thought there'd be a day when we'd have a gop...uh, a cop as a colleague.

AK-47: So we got a man on the inside now, right? No need to fear those cops... I mean, police anymore!

SKS: Hehe... We'll show them the next time we meet.

VSK-94: I returned my badge before I came here. What I'm wearing now is just a memento.

VSK-94: I no longer have any legal authority.

VSK-94: In addition, your reasons for being pursued and arrested are rather apparent as it is.

VSK-94: Have you considered that you might have brought it upon yourselves?

AK-47: Haha, you got it! Man, is my face red!

AK-47: Aw, forget it! Come come come, have a drink or two with us!

VSK-94: I am currently on duty.

VSK-94: Also, forgive my bluntness, but I do not wish to drink with you.

A-91: Ehhhh? But why?! Give us a reason!

A-91: We won't let you go until you make it convincing!

VSK-94: Would you like me to go by chronological or alphabetical order?

SKS: Ahhhh, just come with us! The Commander should have told you that you need to get along with your colleagues, right?

SKS: This is just being polite, podruga!

VSK-94: Why do Dolls still have to comply with the rules of corporate politeness...? Wait, please don't drag me along, I can walk on my own.

A-91: Oi~ Are you looking down on your seniors? You stick-in-the-mud... (hic) Now drink!

VSK-94: I'm sorry... Normally, I don't have a problem with drinking.

VSK-94: But after seeing the three of you, I have decided to steer clear of alcohol.

SKS: Humph... Look at you, you're totally sloshed and you still have the cheek to tell others to drink. You've disgraced Squad Vodka!

A-91: WHAT? Didn't I say we were Squad Oolong Tea? Don't go around changing things as you like.

SKS: It sounds horrible. What's so good about oolong tea anyway?!

A-91: VODKA tastes awful!

SKS: Put that vodka bottle down before you say that!

VSK-94: Also, the two names are nothing alike.

AK-47: (Hic) Quit fighting.

AK-47: Say, you heard about "it"?

SKS: You mean "that"?

SKS: Everyone in Griffin knows about "that"!

A-91: Oh? So the two of you noticed too?

AK-47: Da. What do you think?

A-91: You're talking about how all the vodka in the base tastes like it's been watered down lately, right?

A-91: I noticed that long ago.

SKS: Who the hell's talking about that, dumbass?

AK-47: Well, it's kinda relevant.

AK-47: Didn't A-91 get drunk and cause a big hoo-ha some time back?

AK-47: You know, during that pajama party.

A-91: Nope, don't remember~

AK-47: (Hic) Yeah, after that, the Commander docked our drinks allowance.

AK-47: Now we can only buy this crappy booze. Of course it tastes watered down.

SKS: Ahhh, money, money would be nice.

SKS: Oh... I see now. That's why you brought it up.

SKS: You want that prize money, right?

AK-47: Sounds great, right?

AK-47: It's ten million, y'know?

A-91: Ten million...

AK-47: Ten million, think about it. How many bottles of high-end vodka would that buy?

SKS: ...Guh.

AK-47: What'll it be? You in or you out?

A-91: Vodka... My vodka...!

A-91: I'm in!

SKS: Alright! Count me in too!

The dorm was noisy before, but suddenly it's gotten even worse.

VSK-94: ...

VSK-94: ...They won't be able to win if they're THIS drunk, right?

AK-47: Newbie! You're coming too!

AK-47: Don't think you can get away!

VSK-94: ...You're roping me in as well?

SKS: Of course! You want to drink too, right?

VSK-94: Frankly speaking, I'm not really interested.

AK-47: Aw, don't be like that.

AK-47 suddenly throws her arms around VSK-94's shoulders.

AK-47: Think about it! This is a group activity, we don't get those often, you know?

AK-47: And look at you, you're so full of potential, don't you want the Commander to see how great you are?

VSK-94: I...

AK-47: Besides, you don't want the others to think you're distant, do you?

AK-47: This is a rare chance for you to get to know the other Dolls while playing a game, you know?

VSK-94: That actually sounds quite compelling.

AK-47: That's it, then!

AK-47: Let's go, girls!

A-91: Woohoo—!

SKS: Vodka, vodka, here I come—!

VSK-94: (Sighs)

VSK-94: I'm already starting to regret this...
Part 2: Pickled Cucumber!

2

...

On Sixth Avenue.

After losing VSK-94, AK-47 leads the remainder of her squad onward, but due to "circumstances beyond our control", the formerly motivated squad's fighting strength has been cut in half.

AK-47: Hahaha, it's down to the two of us.

A-91: Those two were real jerks~

A-91: What do we do now, leader?

A-91: It's down to us.

AK-47: We'll be enough.

AK-47: Hell, I could do it by myself, no problem!

A-91: Oho! Aren't we confident.

A-91: Da! The ten million is ours!

AK-47: Woohoo!

After a rousing fist pump, the pair fall silent.

Their designated straight man is gone, and there are no enemies around, so the two of them have nowhere to vent their hot-bloodedness.

AK-47: ...I'm kind of not feeling it, you know?

A-91: Man, why isn't there anyone around now?

ISAC: Decrease in body temperature detected.

A-91: We don't need you to pity us!

AK-47: Shh... Hang on a bit.

A-91: Hm?

AK-47 suddenly lowers her voice and scurries behind cover.

A-91 hasn't figured out what's going on yet, but she blearily apes AK-47's movements and gets behind a stone wall opposite her.

A-91: Hey, what's this all about...

AK-47: Sssh.

AK-47 shushes A-91 with a finger and gestures at the other end of the road.

A-91 looks in that direction — a pair of familiar figures slowly round the bend at the junction in the distance.

A-91: !

It's Vector and PP-90.

For some reason, they seem to be in the same situation as themselves.

R93 and K5 are no longer with them, and no one appears to be performing rear guard duty.

A-91 narrows her eyes and looks toward her squad leader, who has a somewhat mischievous look her face.

A-91: ...?

AK-47: ~

AK-47 presses her index finger to her lips. A-91 nods in understanding.

She points to the pair advancing cautiously in the distance and gives AK-47 a meaningful look which roughly means, "What do we do about them?"

AK-47 tilts her head in thought, then suddenly sticks out two fingers upside down and waggling them in a walking motion.

A-91 freezes, then gives her an "OK" sign, indicating that she understands.

After that, she takes a deep breath, then takes up her gun, ready to charge out.

AK-47: ...!!!!

A-91: ??

AK-47 hurriedly stops her.

AK-47: ...

AK-47 points to the other pair, then traces a circle in the air. After that, she makes that walking gesture again before choking herself.

A-91 frowns. She doesn't seem to get it.

AK-47 sighs, then points to the other two people, then gestures at herself with her thumb.

A-91 seems to get that.

AK-47 smiles, then uses both hands to mime a a pair of walking people, who separate and travel along two large curves in the air before coming back together.

Comprehension dawns on A-91.

AK-47 gives her an encouraging look.

A-91 accepts it with a big thumbs up.

AK-47 returns it with a glance of approval.

Vector: ...

As the other two approach, AK-47 and A-91 exchange a final look.

They see mutual approval in each others' eyes.

Having arrived at a shared understanding without saying a word, AK-47 turns and vanishes down an alley in the opposite direction.

A-91: Phew...

A-91 takes a deep breath once more. Now that there's nobody to stop her, she pauses, then raises her gun and charges out into the open!

A-91: Hold it right there!

Vector: ...A-91!

PP-90: Whoa! She's here!

Naturally, the startled pair immediately go on their guard.

A-91: You sure did us dirty earlier~

A-91: Let's see where you can run now! Heheh!

Vector: You might try to affect the laugh of a middle-aged man, but you're just an ordinary beauty.

A-91: Hm? A beauty? Aw, come now, flattery isn't gonna get you...

Vector: That said, nobody would go out of their way to make an ugly female Doll.

Vector: You aren't rare or anything, and you act just like a middle-aged drunkard. I guess you aren't attractive after all.

A-91: Why you— Die, damn you! Dieeeeee!

PP-90: What's all this about dying... Speaking of which, are you alone?

Vector: Yeah, where are your other three buddies?

A-91: Don't change the subject!

A-91: And don't think you're getting away this time!

A-91: If you get it, then be good and hand over your vodka and your other alcohol!

A-91: I might consider going easy on you if you do!

Vector: This game doesn't have vodka or other alcoholic drinks, right? Did you get separated from the others?

Vector: That's why I told you not to drink so much...

Vector: Didn't you learn anything from the pajama party?

A-91: Heh, heheh. I have to hand it to you, Vivi.

A-91: As cool as ever, even when you're on death's door.

A-91: You don't really think I came out completely unprepared, do you?

Vector: You mean the others are hiding? Doesn't seem likely.

Vector: I doubt a bunch of drunkards could come up with any complex strategies.

A-91: Ahahahahaha!

A-91: Only you could remain cocky at a time like this, Vivi!

A-91: They say you're good at recon and anti-recon, but if you ask me, it isn't all that amazing!

Vector: Did I miss something?

A-91: Maybe if you beg me at the training range next time, I might tell you!

A-91: —AK-47! It's time! Do it!

PP-90: !

...

Vector: ...

PP-90: ...

The two of them look down the quiet street, then turn back to look bemusedly at A-91.

A-91: ...Hahaha! Got you, didn't I! This is our plan! Unexpected and taking the enemy by surprise!

A-91: Hey! AK-47? Now's a good time! Show yourself already! Did you hear me?! Get out here right now! Oi!

...

Vector: ?

PP-90: ?

A-91: ...Uh, excuse me for a moment, please.

Vector: ...By all means.

A-91: Cyka! Where the hell are you?!

AK-47: Huh? Didn't we agree to regroup in the Dark Zone?

A-91: Regroup? In the Dark Zone?!

AK-47: Yeah, I said there was no need to fight with them, so we should just avoid them and head straight into the Dark Zone...

AK-47: I thought you got it? You told me it was OK. Where are you, anyway?

A-91: BLYAT!

The transmission ends.

Vector: So what's your game?

A-91: ...

A-91: ...

A-91: ...Hahaha!

A-91: I was just kidding, see, I was just, uh, having a laugh with you!

A-91: Take your time, you two! I'll buy you a drink when we get back!

A-91: G-goodbye!

A-91 pivots on her heels and runs away without looking back.

Vector: ...

Vector: ...What was that all about?

A-91: (Pants heavily)

A-91: Govno! You screwed me good, AK-47!！

A-91 grits her teeth. She recalls her disgraceful exit just now and it's plain that she's still very unhappy about it.

A-91: Once was bad enough, but now I let them strut off like that again...

A-91: How can I possibly live with that?!

A-91: Oi, AK-47!

A-91 frantically barks at the communicator, but there is no answer.

A-91: Arghhh, forget it!

A-91: I'll just have to do it myself! ...Let's see...

A-91 checks her backpack.

Apart from the ammo and food she has collected earlier, the bulk of its contents are explosives.

A-91: ...

It looks like Vector and PP-90 are headed to the Dark Zone too.

While there are many ways to get to the Dark Zone from Sixth Avenue, only one of them is the shortest...

And Vector doesn't seem like the kind to go the long way around.

A-91: I've got it...

A-91 shuts her inventory screen as a perfect plan hatches in her mind.

A-91: ...Let's take a look at the map.

A-91: Oh, there, that's it!

A-91: Judging by the direction Vector and PP-90 are headed, they'll have to pass through here.

A-91: If I can get there ahead of them and plant all the explosives in my backpack...

A-91: BOOM! They'll be blown to kingdom come!

A-91: Haha, I AM a genius!

A-91: Hahahaha!

Wild laughter echoes through the alleys for a long, long time.

...

...

AK-47: (Hic)

AK-47: Man, why isn't A-91 here yet? She's so slow.
Part 3: Big Ivan!

    3chevron_right

...

In the Dark Zone.

AK-47: Ah-choo!

AK-47 rubs her nose. She has been waiting here by herself for a very long time.

AK-47: A-91's taking so long... What's up with her, anyway?

AK-47: Come to think of it, she sent a radio transmission just now. Wonder what that was all about?

...

AK-47: Eh, forget it.

AK-47: Tsk. Seriously... It's not a good habit to keep people waiting.

Thoroughly bored, AK-47 kicks at a nearby stone.

AK-47: ...Don't tell me something happened to her?

AK-47: Did Vivi intercept her when she was taking the roundabout route?

AK-47: She wouldn't be so dumb, would she?

Boom—

AK-47: Gwah!

AK-47: W-what was that?!

System: X Honey Muffin died from an explosion.

System: X Chain Charge 81 died from an explosion.

System: X Dazzling Mouse Tamer died from an explosion.

System: X Candy Cannon died from an explosion.

System: X Abzolut Vodka died from an explosion.

AK-47: Ehhhhh?! Isn't that A-91?!

AK-47: How did she get blown up?

AK-47: And she went out along with a bunch of other guys whose names don't sound like they're drinkers...

AK-47 sniffs at the air and looks in the direction of the other Dark Zone exit.

AK-47: It must have something to do with that explosion just now.

AK-47: Was it that way?

After a brief pause, AK-47 shakes her head and runs toward the source of the blast.

...

AK-47: ...What the hell is this?

Ground zero of the explosion is unexpectedly close to AK-47's position.

However, when AK-47 arrives, all she sees is countless pillars of multi-colored light all over the ground.

AK-47: Did I accidentally stumble onto Ali Baba's secret trove or something...

AK-47: Ah, speaking of which, five people died here, right?

AK-47: Did they drop these items?

AK-47 approaches the pillars, and ISAC just so happens to chime in to remind her to restock on supplies.

AK-47: Cy...

AK-47: Did they rob a hotel or what?

Most of the multicolored drops are food and water, with the occasional bit of ammo.

Also, there's...

AK-47: Er...

AK-47: I guess these things belonged to A-91.

AK-47: And SKS' stuff is also...

As she looks at her instantly-bulging backpack, inspiration strikes AK-47, and her half-drunk mind suddenly arrives at a terrifying notion.

AK-47: Could this be a gift from the Fairy Queen?!

...

Of course not.

AK-47: ...

AK-47: So I'm the only one left, huh.

Her squad had been a rowdy, lively bunch just a few hours ago, but in the blink of an eye, she is all alone, muttering to herself.

The buzz of alcohol hasn't fully faded yet, but AK-47 is starting to feel empty inside.

AK-47: I don't know what I should say, but don't worry, comrades.

AK-47: I'll make it to the end for everyone's sake.

AK-47: All this is for the Moscow that stands behind us!

AK-47: YPA!

AK-47: Also, for ten million dollars' worth of vodka!

AK-47: Haha, I don't know what's going on, but...

AK-47: I suddenly feel like I'm going to win!

AK-47: At times like these, a professional Tactical Doll like me can grasp the situation with a glance.

As she cleanly and efficiently eliminates the rogue agents in her way, AK-47 is filled with surging euphoria.

Ka-chak.

AK-47: I didn't know there were so many supplies in the Dark Zone. There's such an abundance of ammo even I'm starting to think it's a bit excessive...

AK-47: There's no way I can lose! I've practically won!

AK-47: Ahahaha! I feel great— Hey you! Don't run!

Rogue Agent: ...!

AK-47: Ohoho, that was a surprise.

AK-47: How dare you screw around when I'm having fun, you little bastard!

Bang!

AK-47 pounces like a great white shark savaging a shoal of fish as she directs hails of lead and streams of fire at every moving target in sight.

AK-47: That's how it should be — now THIS is a game!

AK-47: Hahaha! Oh, this is nowhere near enough! Come on, bring it on!

A stunning scene is playing out.

AK-47, endowed with an extraordinary amount of supplies, is tearing right through the rogue agents roaming the Dark Zone.

Chocolate bars!

Canned rations!

Mineral water!

Soda!

Incendiary rounds! Explosive rounds!

Thriftiness! Economization! Stockpiling!

None of these mean anything to AK-47! At this moment, she is the reigning Lord of War of this land!

AK-47: Now! Who's hunting who now? Ahahaha!

AK-47: Oi, Dima, Dima? Miss Dima?

There is no response from the system or the comms.

AK-47: Tsk, she's ignoring me.

AK-47: So what should I do next? I was supposed to find something, right?

AK-47: Ahhh, forget it! Who cares? I'm as high as a freaking kite right now—！

Bangbangbang!

AK-47: Ahahahaha! Come on, run faster, piglets! Run back home to your mama!

Boom!

A sudden explosion puts a damper on AK-47's revelry just as she's about to reach a climax.

In the distance, a group of rogue agents suddenly swarm out of the rubble, opening fire as they move.

They seem to be chasing someone.

As she sees the figure leading them, AK-47 suddenly freezes in place, as though she had suffered a system crash.

AK-47: Hm? ...I'm not seeing things, am I? Is that a Doll over there?

AK-47: And she's kind of familiar, isn't she?

...

416: Don't push it, you lot!

416: Tsk! If only I had more ammo...

She might have taken down the most fearsome foe of all, but the flood of unrelenting foes is still hot on 416's heels.

Overwhelmed by the opposition's numbers, 416 can only mount a fighting retreat, but even after expending almost all her ammunition, she still can't shake her pursuers.

416: I can't let this go on...

416 knows that at this rate, they're going to grind her down into nothing.

The only way to reverse this outcome is to reuse her previous gambit of turning things around with explosives.

416: The explosives are ready, but I need to gather up the enemy...

416 nimbly darts through the enemy hordes, her movements swift and dexterous.

However, she does not know that her skillful display is pouring gasoline on someone else's burning heart.

AK-47: This is it, this is it!

AK-47: This is a chance to really show my stuff!

AK-47: I'm tired of these suckers! It's about time I faced a worthy opponent!

416: ...What?

AK-47: YOU! Da, you!

AK-47: While I don't know who you are...but I won't let this chance go!

AK-47: It's not right, don't you think? Fighting all this way and not killing a single player?!

AK-47: You over there! I don't know you, but I'm sorry to say you're going to be my first prey!

AK-47: —Don't hold it against me!

Ka-chak.

AK-47: Here! Comes! A! K! 47!

Bangbangbang!

AK-47 smashes into the enemy horde like a juggernaut, firing with wild abandon.

416: Yet another lunatic!

416: Is there no end to them?!

416 freezes up for a moment, and when she recovers, she also hurriedly cocks her rifle.

She has no desire to begin trying to communicate with the rampaging bull that is AK-47.

More to the point, the massive stack of buffs radiating from her means that she is definitely not someone 416 can fight.

416: What— Wait, wait!

416: That's—!！

AK-47: Hahaha! Too late too late too late! Kneel before me!

AK-47: I'm going to eat you up, milashka!

No obstacle can stop AK-47 as she sweeps down on 416 like a storm, intent on devouring her in an instant!

—Click.

AK-47: ...Hm?

..Her wild laughter suddenly cuts off.

It is as though someone has taken a still photograph of the scene. Not even 416 manages to react to what has happened, given that her finger has just tightened around her trigger.

AK-47's blacked out brain instantly comes to its senses — the strange sensation under her feet has awakened a certain reflex in her.

With just the slightest contact, she realizes exactly what has happened.

AK-47: ...

AK-47: ...Cyka blyat.

BOOM!

System: X Smirkov Red Label died from an explosion.

416: That's where I set my trap...

416: ...I was going to say you ran into the explosives I planted.

As AK-47 is blown sky-high, countless pillars of light begin falling back down to earth.

416: Still, I'm saved!

416: So thanks, weird stranger!

...

...

Inside the café, two hours after the news about the Division survival tournament began to circulate.

Springfield: Oh, hello. Would you like something, 97?

Type 97: Springfield! Take part in the tournament with me!

Springfield: What tournament?

Type 97: It's a survival tournament for "The Division"! The winner goes home with ten million dollars!

Springfield: That's a very tempting prize, but are you sure this isn't a scam of some sort?

Type 97: It's certainly possible, but what if it's true?

Type 97: This is ten million dollars we're talking about, ten million! We could expand the café by a lot, hire more Dolls, and add more variety to the menu!

Springfield: I wonder what the café will be like once we invest ten million into renovating it?

Type 97: Step into the Griffin Kingdom of Sweets!

Springfield: My oh my, we can't rush this...

Just then, Gr MP7 enters the café.

Type 97: You came just in time, Gr MP7! Come help me convince Springfield!

Gr MP7: Did I just hear something about a kingdom of sweets?

Type 97: Yep! We're only one victory away from a kingdom of sweets!

Gr MP7: And by victory, you mean winning the survival tournament?

Type 97: Looks like you already know.

Type 97: If we win that ten million dollars, we can turn the café into a grand Kingdom of Sweets.

Type 97: Every brick will be made of puff pastry, the windows will be caramel, the curtains will be cotton candy, the roof tiles will be cake...

Gr MP7: I'm not THAT obsessed with sweets.

Seeing that her tactic doesn't quite seem to be working on Gr MP7, Type 97 instead sidles up to her and continues her temptation.

Type 97: Once we expand the café into a kingdom of sweets, we'll be able to hire more part-timers, then we'll have new desserts to eat every day.

Type 97: We'll also be able to conquer the enemy with sweets, making battles easier for us...

Gr MP7: ...

Springfield: (Oh my... She's getting through to that girl.)

Type 97: Come join me, Springfield! Everyone's going to be playing in the tournament today, so it'll be fine if the café closes up for a while.

Gr MP7: I'd also like you to come with us, Springfield.

Gr MP7: We'll win for sure with me around.

Springfield: What will I do with you... Alright then, but we're only playing a single round.

Type 97: Yaaaaay—

...

—Manhattan, USA.

The snowstorm seems endless. The snowflakes clump together in such large patches that they lack the energy to even dance in the wind. Instead, they just dive heavily to the ground.

After a brief period of preparation, the team of four exits the house.

ISAC: Body temperature is below normal.

Type 97: Oof, it's cold. And apparently body temperature is a thing here... Should we get something to keep warm?

Springfield: The environment here is harsher than what the introduction said...

Type 97: Huh? There's something glowing on the ground!

Springfield: Careful, Type 97. We aren't familiar with the game's systems. It would be very dangerous if this were a trap.

Type 97: You're overthinking this, Springfield. It's not like this is Bright Souls or Bloodblessed, I'm sure the starting area won't be THAT malicious.

Type 97: Let me see... Water, soda, and fabric. What's all this?

Dima: Looks like you've obtained some supplies. Use your supplies to stay alive so that you can complete your mission.

Dima: Good luck.

Springfield: Ah, so these are supplies.

Springfield: Just directly wearing the fabric doesn't seem to be useful. It looks like you'll need to combine it with something else. Unfortunately, I didn't bring my sewing kit with me. Perhaps we need to find tools in the next safe house.

Type 97: If we can't lighten the fabric, perhaps it might be used for something else?

Type 97: In any case, I'll have a drink of the water first!

Glug, glug. Type 97 finishes off a bottle of water.

AA-12: How does it feel, 97?

Type 97: Whooooooa!

Springfield: Are you alright, 97? You might attract the enemy to you if you're so loud all of a sudden.

Type 97: Oh God! I can see forever! Everything is transparent to me now!

Gr MP7: Perv.

Type 97: What are you covering yourself up for? I meant the BUILDINGS are transparent.

Type 97: I can see supplies behind cover, inside the houses just up ahead, and behind the streetlights! There are sooooo many items!

Springfield: Looks like the food has special effects.

Type 97: My eyes are bright, even brighter than a snow wolf's!

Type 97: Come on, it's time to explore the marvels of this world! Let's gooooo—!

Springfield: That sounds like a good idea. Shall we?

ISAC: Core temperature decrease detected.

Gr MP7: ...It's that message again. Hang on, I want to try something else.

Glugluglug. Gr MP7 downs the soda.

Gr MP7: Seems to have the same effect as the water...and my body temperature is still dropping. It's no good.

Type 97: Then we need to hurry up and go searching! Eye of the Snow Wolf, activate! Find our lifeline in this snowstorm!

Gr MP7: Eye of the Snow Wolf, indeed...

Springfield: (Sighs) Slow down, Type 97...

Type 97 runs through the streets ahead of the others.

Gr MP7: Look out!

Type 97: I see it, he's behind that piece of cover— I'll bet he'll drop something new if we kill him!

Gr MP7: Please let it be something that'll help us out of this fix we're in.

With the four of them focusing fire, the enemy doesn't even have the time to put up any resistance before he collapses to the ground and turns into sparkly supply icons.

Gr MP7: What was that noise?

AA-12: It's nothing. Just taking a screenshot.

Type 97: Let's see, we got chocolate, canned food, fabric...and painkillers.

AA-12: Chocolate? Chocolate contains calories, right? Let me try a piece.

AA-12: ...A bar just filled up, but it's not my temperature.

Gr MP7: Omnomnomnom... This chocolate is great. Is this a hunger meter or something? We've got cold, and hunger... I guess being cold and hungry is what makes it survival mode.

Springfield: In the end, we still haven't solved the problem of our temperatures dropping. What should we do now? I think there's a safe house nearby. Shall we go take a look?

Type 97: But we might freeze to death if we don't take care of this.

Type 97: What we should do now is gather all the supplies we can find. Who knows, there might be item types we haven't discovered yet!

AA-12: I'm okay with anything.

Type 97: Our top priority now is exploration! Let's run, everyone!

Springfield: Wait, 97, Gr MP7! (Sighs) Wait!

AA-12: It can't be helped. Let's follow them. If they end up getting separated from us and something happens to them, we'll have a hard time managing with just the two of us.

Springfield: Goodness... Let's go.

Some time later.

Springfield: It would seem there are four kinds of food and two kinds of medicine, and we can warm ourselves up by the oil-barrel fires and burning cars we pass along the way, but our temperature drops again once we leave.

Springfield: Visibility in the snowstorm is poor, so we need to stay together... Where are you going, 97?

Type 97: I'm looking for more stuff, of course! We'll be able to regenerate HP and see items as long as these status effects don't wear off. We'll be a step ahead of people who can't find any supplies.

Gr MP7: But we've taken everything we've found along the way, haven't we? That should be enough to tide us over for a while.

Type 97: How is that enough? We need more, to the point that nobody else has anything!

Type 97: He who controls the supplies controls the game, after all. As long as we have supplies, we can heal ourselves back up even if we lose HP from freezing.

Gr MP7 sighs.

Gr MP7: Go talk to her, Springfield.

Gr MP7: We're here to test our skills, not play house.

Springfield: Actually, I agree it's good to have more supplies.

Springfield: After all, the early game period is all about accumulating resources and leveling up, right?

Gr MP7: What do you think, AA-12?

AA-12: What did you guys say just now? I was taking screenshots; angles from inside a snowstorm are hard to capture.

Gr MP7: ...

Gr MP7: Forget it, I'll make a move first.

Springfield: Where are you going, Gr MP7? It's not safe to travel alone around here.

Gr MP7: I'll go scout ahead. Don't worry, a genius like myself is more experienced than an idiot who only knows how to charge forward.

With that, Gr MP7 walks past Type 97 as the latter is gathering supply items and vanishes into the snowstorm.

AA-12: Ah, she looks really cool walking off like that, better take a screenshot.

AA-12: Now, if only there were less snow... Ah, forget it, I'll edit it out afterwards.

Springfield: Hm... I think we're done with collecting supplies outside the houses in this area.

Springfield: We have ample stocks of food and fabric, but not enough ammunition.

Springfield: We need to be better prepared if we plan to proceed into an unfamiliar region.

ISAC: Decrease in core temperature detected. Risk of hypothermia rising.

AA-12: Come to think of it, are we actually going to freeze to death if this keeps up?

AA-12: Don't indulge Type 97's curiosity anymore, Springfield. We need to seriously think of a solution for this.

Type 97: That's true, but we can keep eating stuff to recover HP even if we all get hypothermia, unless there were some kind of Hypothermia Plus or something...

Springfield: Neither case sounds like good news.

System: X Pink Nyan Nyan Punch died of hypothermia.

AA-12: ...

Springfield: ...

Type 97: ...Ehhhh?! Dolls can actually freeze to death in this game?!

Type 97: Crap crap crap crap crap, how much longer do we have before we become popsicles?!

Dima: Agents, you can take shelter from the cold inside a house. When the temperature falls too low, it would be a good idea to rest indoors for a while.

AA-12: Well, that's a noob-friendly tutorial... Are there any houses nearby which we can enter?

AA-12: I feel like we're going to freeze to death.

Type 97: (Wails) Do we have anything that can keep us warm? Can we start a fire outside?

Springfield: That doesn't seem possible. Keep to the right, we might be able to rest inside the houses there...

Springfield: ...Oh dear. They don't have doors.

ISAC: Warning. Risk of hypothermia is rising.

Type 97: We're screwed we're screwed where's the door?! Heeeeeeeeeellllppppp meeeeeee—

Just as Type 97 starts running around in little circles and waving her arms about, a burst of fire rips through the snow and sparks blossom near her feet.

Type 97: Is it the enemy? Well I'm not running from them!

Type 97: Even if I die, I'm taking a few of them with me!

Gr MP7: ...What a bunch of idiots.

Gr MP7: Come with me, I've found a safe house.

...

The group enters the safe house.

The four Dolls sigh in relief as they are greeted by the warm air.

Gr MP7 closes the door and stands by it with her gun ready, while AA-12 sits on a mostly intact sofa.

Type 97: I'msooooocoooooollldddd...

Springfield: Bear with it for a while, it'll get better.

Springfield: The fabric we just recovered is enough to make two sets of clothing for everyone. As for equipment... Do you mind if we make some for Type 97 and Gr MP7 first, AA-12?

AA-12: ...

Springfield: AA-12？

AA-12: I'm trying to find a radio station. It doesn't seem like there's anyone else broadcasting around here besides Dima...

AA-12: What did you say just now? I've got a backpack full of food and water, if you need it.

Springfield: Well, this IS survival mode, after all. As if anyone would have time to listen to broadcasts... Which is kind of a shame. Once we finish this game, we could try exploring other games.

Springfield: Anyway, I was just saying that we should make equipment for Type 97 and Gr MP7 first.

AA-12: 97 and MP7... 7

AA-12: 7 is 14. Is that your lucky number?

Springfield: Is that the trick they introduced on Radio Kalina several nights ago?

Springfield: Hehe... Well, if we're calculating lucky numbers, then you add 1 and 4 together to make 5.

AA-12: How nice, you're a fellow listener too.

Springfield: I tune in every now and then. Alright, they get priority on gear, and then you. I believe that is best for our survival chances. You don't mind, do you?

Type 97: So you're the last, Springfield? Aren't you cold?

Springfield: I'll be fine as long as the next safe house is close enough.

AA-12: I don't mind this allocation. I just want to know when the snowstorm will stop.

AA-12: In Gr MP7's case, she didn't take any food with her when she left, so she might have ended up dying of hunger by the roadside.

Gr MP7: That would be an embarrassing way to go. Actually dying like that would prove that the Doll in question is an amateur who's completely unsuited to the battlefield.

AA-12: What about Pink Nyan Nyan Punch?

Type 97: Ah, that's the one who died of hypothermia shortly after the game began!

Type 97: I wonder whose squad she belonged to? The poor thing...

Gr MP7: I'm not even talking about geniuses now, even a regular player shouldn't make such a stupid mistake.

Springfield: Don't say that. Very few people here have played this game before, and it's normal for newbies to ignore reminders.

AA-12: (Sighs) Isn't there any other fun to be had in this game apart from violence and mutual brutality?

Type 97: But killing each other is fun too! Why so glum? Come, AA-12, look at me—

AA-12: Hm?

Type 97: Type 97 Assault!

AA-12 throws herself to the side. There is a large crash, and Type 97 is sprawled on the floor, rubbing her head.

Type 97: Ow ow ow... Huh? It doesn't hurt?

AA-12: Well, this IS a game, after all. It isn't programmed to simulate pain, bleeding, bruising or whatnot.

Type 97: So you're saying I can run into stuff for fun like this all day long?

AA-12: Won't you get dizzy?

Type 97: Eh, it's alright. Since we're here, we should learn about all of the game's mechanics so we can win.

Type 97: As the saying goes, "know they self, know they enemy; a thousand battles, a thousand victories"!

Gr MP7: Hey, have you guys been looking at your HP bar?

Type 97: HP? Let me see... Ah, found it. Hey, it's getting shorter!

Type 97: Wait a minute, is this our health in the game?!

Gr MP7: Thank goodness you finally noticed.

Gr MP7: Seriously, did your observation skills as an elite Doll end up being converted to some kind of foolhardiness stats?

Type 97: Well, 95 and the Commander do enough thinking for the three of us, so all I have to worry about is becoming stronger.

Type 97: Besides, this is just a game! Having fun is the most important thing.

Gr MP7: I don't recall you saying that when you roped me into this.

AA-12: Well, we're already in the game anyway, so we should just enjoy it and work together for victory.

Springfield: Indeed! Have some chocolate, you two.

Type 97: I was just trying to trick you into joining us back then...

Gr MP7: Oi.

Type 97: It's just that you're strong and reliable, so having you around would really boost our chances of winning!

Gr MP7: ...You got that part right at least.

AA-12: You sound just like a veteran survival game player.

AA-12: Speaking of which, how can you injure each other despite being on the same team? Is friendly fire enabled?

Springfield: Hm... I would say that there is no game-based team affiliation between us in the first place, AA-12.

AA-12: In other words...

Springfield: In other words, we are a squad that is founded on trust and not recognized by the system.

Springfield: Of course, I have faith that nobody here will backstab the others.

Type 97: Ooooh— How scary!

Type 97: Springfield, you can't just trust people like that! Dolls can be evil too, you know!

Springfield: Oh? What do you mean by that?

Type 97: Time to make the first strike— Take this!

Type 97 feints an attack at Springfield, then suddenly launches herself at AA-12's back. AA-12 is unable to dodge in time and the two of them roll into a pile across the safe house, causing a series of loud noises as they crash into different objects.

AA-12: Hey! That was a cheap shot!

Type 97: Heehee, all warfare is based on deception, as they say.

Gr MP7: (Sighs) I don't even remember why I even came along in the first place...
Part 2: Cut and Decorate

2

...

0008 hours, on a cleared-out street near Times Square.

After ensuring that there are no enemies in sight, Squad Springfield finally stops to rest, having shaken off M870 and company at last.

Dima: Congratulations on escaping a tight spot, Agents. However, this won't be the last battle where you may have to fight your friends.

Dima: Apart from those who stand with you, there are traitors here as well...they're only going to make this city that much more chaotic.

Type 97: We...we made it at last! You should help us too, Dima!

Type 97: Can't you send out someone to assist us?

Dima: Unfortunately, I am unable to summon assistance for you in most areas, Agents.

Dima: The situation here is too dangerous and we cannot risk our precious airmen without a guarantee of safety.

Type 97: Not even a little?

Dima: I am very sorry. Please do your best to reach the Dark Zone and fire the signal flare once the mission is complete. The chopper will take everyone to safety.

Springfield: Don't make things difficult for Dima, 97. We need to find a place to have a rest.

Springfield: Whew... we managed to escape battle, at least.

Type 97: Our gear isn't fantastic either. I wasn't confident in our chances of winning against them just now.

Type 97: Good thing Springfield and that last Molotov helped us out!

AA-12: Where's the next safe house? I want to lie down for a bit, I was so tense earlier that I feel like throwing up now.

AA-12: They were a strange bunch, though. If Springfield hadn't stopped me, I'd have chopped them all to bits.

Type 97: Well, you can't choose to chop them up in the game, only shoot them. But you were basically spacing out back then, weren't you?

AA-12: I was taking screenshots, and by the time I looked back they already had you in their sights.

Gr MP7: ...You were taking screenshots?! When our lives were at stake?!

AA-12: It's called enjoying the game, Gr MP7. The screenshots I took came out awesome.

Gr MP7: I'd rather charge outside right now and take on all the mobs out there on my own than look at your stupid screenshots.

Type 97: Let me see! Are we cool?

Type 97: Wow, this angle is great! I'm going to toggle to burst shooting when I run into something like this next time!

AA-12: I took a bunch of pictures, everyone's in them.

AA-12: This one is of Gr MP7 leaving during the snowstorm, I'll edit it when I get back to make it look even better.

Type 97: This one looks cool too. Was it when Springfield stopped us from shooting?

Type 97: Ah, Gr MP7's there too.

Gr MP7: ...

AA-12: Yep, it was one second before that flashbang. She looked like she was going to ambush them from behind. I liked the steely look in her eyes, so I decided to screenshot it too.

Gr MP7: ...Could I see?

AA-12: "I'd rather charge outside right now...?"

Gr MP7: Fine. I can easily handle those mobs all by myself.

Type 97: I suppose only the strong can speak with such confidence!

Type 97: Come, Gr MP7, I'm going to give you a buff!

Gr MP7: A what?

Type 97: Once this ritual is complete, you will see through all falsehood and accurately comprehend all truths.

Type 97: I call it, "Eye of the Snow Wolf"!

Gr MP7: This is just mineral water, right? I can't believe you used your description for it as a buff name...

Type 97: And what's wrong with that? As long as it works, it works. Don't sweat the small stuff.

Gr MP7: Fair enough. This buff is really handy.

Gr MP7: Give me some of that water, soda, chocolate and canned rations.

Springfield: Hm? You didn't mean it when you said you would take on those people on your own, so please don't force yourself.

Springfield: There are many dangerous players outside right now and strange local cops as well... We'd better go together.

Gr MP7: Sure. I don't mind moving in a group.

Gr MP7: I think there was some fighting in the area just now.

Gr MP7: I want to go take a look. Who knows, we might be able to mop up the survivors.

Type 97: Spoken like a pro gamer! Wait for me, Gr MP7! I want to go too!

AA-12: I'll go as well.

Two minutes later, Springfield and company arrive at the scene of the battle.

An item gleams quietly on the ground.

Springfield: There's only one bottle of soda left... I guess they must have taken the other supplies.

Springfield: 97, you take this.

Type 97: Sure thing! Although, they only left one bottle behind. Maybe their packs are full?

AA-12: It's also possible that they just couldn't be bothered to take a single bottle of soda.

Type 97: Aw, the poor thing.

Type 97: Just imagine, the entire city's gone mad and she's walking alone down the street, with calamities striking left and right and rioters running rampant... And as she shivers in the wind, her only companion is a dog.

Gr MP7: Wait a minute, there are no dogs in this game, right? Don't go cutting them out of whole cloth.

Type 97: But dogs are man's best friend! There MUST be a reason why this game doesn't have dogs in it! Perhaps the dog died to protect her before she reached this place.

Type 97: After using up all her supplies and without cold-weather clothing to keep herself warm, she must have been immersed in despair.

Type 97: But when she encountered an enemy in this place, it sparked her survival instinct! She thought, "even if I must die, I won't let myself die here! I'll struggle to the bitter end!"

AA-12: And then she was shot dead by a well-armed and supplied opponent. A single bullet took this unfortunate girl's final hope.

Type 97: Ah, how sad! M500 would cry if she heard that story. In order to remember this player, I'll save this bottle of soda for the last.

Gr MP7: ...It's really a shame you aren't writing scripts for that serialized manga artist who keeps posting on Grifchan.

Springfield: (Chuckles) Your ideas are always so wild and fanciful, yet they have a ring of realism to them, 97.

Type 97: Hehe, as they say, dare to dream but put one foot in front of the other!

Springfield: In any case, we must avoid running out of supplies and being undergeared. In order to prevent ourselves from going through the tragedy 97 described, we must seriously consider our battle strategy from now on.

AA-12: Seriously... Just hearing that word makes me a little nervous.

AA-12: (Dry-heaves)

Gr MP7: At least put more effort into that hurling act.

Gr MP7: What did you have in mind, Springfield? Could you go into a little more detail?

Springfield: Dima, is there a way to quickly acquire supplies?

Springfield: Are there stockpiles we can raid or perhaps enemies who guard supply caches?

Dima: The local landmarks are usually occupied by tough enemies.

Dima: They possess large quantities of supplies and they have excellent equipment. If you could defeat them, you'd be able to obtain plenty of supplies and very good gear in one go.

Gr MP7: So you want us to challenge the landmark bosses?

Springfield: That way we won't need to fight with the other players but still be able to quickly gather items.

Type 97: Oh! We have enough cold-resistant clothing and plenty of food, but we need to be sufficiently threatening.

Type 97: Therefore, the landmarks are the best choice for quickly upgrading our gear and ensuring we have enough supplies!

Springfield: Just so. What does everyone else think?

AA-12: I don't mind. Whatever you say, goes.

Gr MP7: I don't mind either.

Dima: Their repeated victories have given these rioters great confidence, and fearless opponents are the toughest foes.

Dima: Be careful, Agents.

With that, Squad Springfield moves out. Just as Dima said, many local landmarks have tough enemies nearby.

The team members search for traces of the enemy and wipe them out, while also harvesting the items by the roadside and inside the buildings. After many battles, they manage to gather enough supplies to fill their backpacks.

After checking the status of each others' inventories, they decide to rest their feet for a while in a certain safe house near the Dark Zone.

Type 97: What— a— haul—!

Type 97: Those NPCs were soooo weak, I want to fight more of them!

Gr MP7: If I hadn't shot one off your back, you'd be watching us from outside the game.

Type 97: Thanks, Gr MP7. These battles are easy because we're working as a team. Has anyone taken stock of the supplies we've obtained?

Springfield: Hm... We have enough to upgrade everyone's gear to the maximum, with plenty left over.

Type 97: Aren't I awesome? Praise me, praise me—

Springfield: Yes, you're amazing, Type 97. You too, AA-12 and Gr MP7. You truly are elite Dolls.

Gr MP7: No need to praise me. I'm a genius. This was only to be expected.

AA-12: Ohhhh, there it is, "Springfield's Energizing Praise", as mentioned on Radio Kalina.

AA-12: But yeah, I was just doing my job... Still, now that we've gotten all this stuff, does that mean we won't be taking the other resources outside? Don't we have enough in our packs?

Springfield: We'll only take the best gear and weapons. Don't let these useless weapons take up your inventory space. Also, dump the excess ammo.

Springfield: That way we'll have enough space in our backpacks.

AA-12: You're the boss. Still, it's not good to leave these weapons lying around, right?

AA-12: Why don't we make a few more weapons that we don't load, but instead just carry on ourselves?

Type 97: Sounds awesome! I'm going to carry eight of them as a super bulletproof vest.

Springfield: Hm...That might turn out to be surprisingly effective. We'll do that, then.

Springfield: Have we cleared out all the food and medicine in this area?

Type 97: Nothing spotted by the Eye of the Snow Wolf has been left behind!

Springfield: Good. Once our equipment is made, we'll sweep the surrounding streets one more time and then we'll enter the Dark Zone.

Springfield: We might be late that way, but ample preparation will give us a more stable path to victory.

Dima: I'm sure the mission will be successful with an agent squad that boasts such meticulous planning and excellent overall ability.

Dima: But don't relax just because you've been praised. No matter how perfectly you prepare, there's still a chance you might fail until the mission is actually completed.

Type 97: Yes, yes, we know. This Dima's as naggy as a mom.

After organizing their equipment, the squad leaves the safe house and begins a carpet search of the surroundings.

Type 97: There really are no more players harassing us.

Gr MP7: That's because we look super badass at a glance, right? Or maybe we look like complete weirdos running around covered in guns.

Type 97: In any case, we just need to find the surrounding landmarks and stuff our packs full, then hurry over to the Dark Zone!

AA-12: I bet the Dark Zone will look cooler than this. I hope I get the chance to take screenshots.

Gr MP7: You're waiting for a chance to take screenshots? The screenshot sound has never stopped throughout our battles.

AA-12: Well, we've never been in real danger so far. From what we know, the Dark Zone is way more dangerous than this place.

Gr MP7: A real threat, hm. I don't feel like anything here could threaten a Doll, though.

Just then, a mournful howl cuts through the snowstorm, echoes down the streets, and reaches the group.

???: P—P—9—0—

Type 97: Huh, that sounds like a cry of utter despair. Something must have happened over there.

Type 97: I want to go over and see what's going on.

AA-12: I didn't hear any gunshots. If it's not a big firefight, we should go take a look.

System: X Not A Wig They're Drills died of hunger.

Gr MP7: ...Springfield.

Springfield: What is it? Are you hungry?

Gr MP7: No. Look up ahead. There's a light in that street we searched... It's the light of an item drop.

Gr MP7: Someone died there, and it's probably...

Gr MP7 pauses. It seems she's having trouble stating the username of the player in question.

Gr MP7: ...The light is from "Not A Wig They're Drills" .

Type 97: Pfffft.

Gr MP7: What kind of weird username is that, anyway?

Gr MP7: In any case, do you want to go take a look? There might be other supplies we can take.

Springfield: You've been calling the shots all this time. Nobody's decision would be more reliable than yours.

Springfield: Let's go take a look.

The four of them carefully approach the location of the light.

As the wind dies down, the landscape comes into view around them. A girl with short silver hair is kneeling on the ground, frozen as she embraces nothing but thin air.

The light of an item pack shines through her palms and forehead, quietly bridging heaven and earth.

Type 97: Is that Vector? It looks like her.

Type 97: But the heaviness in the air... Could it be that...

Gr MP7: Do you have any idea what's going on?

Type 97: Look, Gr MP7. She's a very alert Doll, but now she has her back to us and she is completely oblivious to us whispering to each other at such close range!

Type 97: There's no smoke without fire. This can only mean one thing.

Gr MP7: You're saying that she can't move because of some kind of negative status?

Type 97: No. Miss Springfield said that we were a squad founded on mutual trust. She must have shot a friend by accident, and she's shedding tears for her even as she's looting her stuff!

Gr MP7: ...

Type 97: Why are you looking at me like that again?!

Gr MP7: Drill Girl died of starvation.

Type 97: Then it means all the supplies were with Drill Girl, so Vector didn't notice she was low on food. Although they were out of ammo and rations, Drill Girl, the resource keeper, kept it a secret all this time and constantly encouraged Vector with her positivity, giving her all the resources, until she starved to death herself...

Gr MP7: ...Honey Badger must have had a bad influence on me, because I'm actually buying the stuff you BS-ed up.

Gr MP7: Springfield, should we ambush her? That way we'll have two backpacks we can plunder.

Springfield: Shh... Let's go.

Gr MP7: We're not taking them?

Springfield: It would be a shame to disturb the mood over there.

Springfield: A death in a game is still a death, and they must have been really close after going through thick and thin together... So let's go. There's an entire street of resources to collect, and we don't have much time.

Gr MP7: While I don't quite agree with that... You're the boss, and what you say, goes.

Gr MP7 puts her gun away and walks off.

Springfield: Pain will surely let you get more into the game, Vector...

Springfield: May we meet in the Dark Zone, if all goes well.

With that, Squad Springfield vanishes into the snowstorm once more.

...

In Griffin.

As PP-90 leaves the game, some Dolls sigh, while others cheer.

Doll A: (Sniffles) Vivi and PP-90 have such a touching bond...

Doll B: Weren't you still calling her Vector yesterday?

Doll A: I now know that she's cold on the outside but warm on the inside!

Doll A: I want to be her friend and lie in her arms and have her look at me...

Doll B: ...You should start by curing your habit of falling for pretty girls at the drop of a hat.

Kalina: Oh, what a shame, Squad Vivi has suffered its first casualty!

Kalina: Meanwhile, Squad Springfield is steadily growing under Springfield's management skills, Gr MP7's great fighting ability and the wholehearted support of the other two members.

Kalina: With a chipped blade on one hand and a solid shield on the other, as well as the unique styles of all the other teams, everyone is converging toward a meetup in the Dark Zone!

Dolls: (Cheering)

Kalina: Who will be the first into the Dark Zone, and who will be the final victor?

Kalina: Perhaps today's boldness and ambition will win you a landed home in a White Zone tomorrow!

Kalina: Come, don't hesitate, everyone! Turn your accurate guess into an investment, don't wait until the moment of truth to regret your indecision! Come, come, bet big and win big!
Part 3: Story of Baking

    3chevron_right

...

0019 hours, Lexington Avenue.

Squad Springfield has just finished hunting down the landmark bosses.

After watching the collapse of the tall figure shining with golden light, AA-12 puts her gun away and approaches it with Type 97 to gather the spoils.

Dima: Very good, Agents.

Dima: Carry on at this pace. Ample preparations and a careful attitude will bring you closer to success.

Gr MP7: Springfield told us to leave the ammo, but if other players pick up the gear we leave behind, it'll be a threat to us.

Gr MP7: We'll take it all, then. Besides, it's not like Springfield will go through our backpacks.

AA-12: We've taken out the boss over here. How are things on your end?

Gr MP7: I've gotten rid of the enemies over here. Currently stocking up until my backpack is full, like Springfield said.

Gr MP7: Shall we pick a place to meet up?

Springfield: Hm... We haven't found one of the local bosses yet, but I think we ought to go on in.

Springfield: From what I can tell, there happens to be an entrance to the Dark Zone near the last boss. I'll send you the coordinates, so let's meet there.

Gr MP7: Roger. See you later.

Several minutes later, the four members of Squad Springfield meet at the appointed location.

Springfield: We'll wait another minute. If the boss hasn't turned up by then, we'll just enter the Dark Zone. We can't delay any longer.

Type 97: Why don't we use this minute to stroll around the surroundings, then?

Type 97: If we run into it, we'll open fire right away to get everyone's attention.

Springfield: That's a good idea.

Type 97: See you later, then!

Type 97: ...Er, wait! Don't go yet, guys!

Type 97: Look over there. That pile of stuff... Am I seeing things?

AA-12: ...I can't quite believe my eyes, but you're onto something.

AA-12: Why is there such a big pile of explosives over here?

Gr MP7: It would be very bad if they went off.

Gr MP7: Even with maxed out gear, it'd still be game over, right?

Springfield: It's just too dangerous.

Type 97: Yes, it's very dangerous... Springfield, why are you still going over there?

Springfield: Someone might get hurt if we left these things over here. We need to clear them up!

Gr MP7: Just leaving it there is bad. We should take away as much as we can carry.

Gr MP7: If there were anyone else nearby, a single shot could blow us all up.

Springfield: You're right. We should take as much as we can.

AA-12: You managed to persuade Springfield easily enough, Gr MP7.

Type 97: All right! Time to clean things out... I mean, clean things up!

Having reached a consensus, everyone starts to organize and gather the items.

Type 97: Hm... I'm running out of backpack space.

Type 97: I can't take all of it even if I hung it all over me...

AA-12: I'm ditching some of the Molotovs.

Type 97: Makes sense, these are way handier than the Molotovs. I'll ditch a few pieces of gear myself.

The terrain here is uneven. The Molotovs that 97 puts down roll across the ground.

???: What was that... Who-who's there?

???: Who is it? State your name!

Type 97: Huh? Is someone else here?

AA-12: We came from the east. If there's someone behind the west wall, we wouldn't have seen her.

Type 97: Has the Eye of the Snow Wolf failed us?!

Gr MP7: The wall was too thick, so we couldn't see through it.

Gr MP7: In any case, prepare for a fight.

The crisp sound of high heels treading across the ground approaches. Within seconds, a blonde-haired Doll storms up and stands before Squad Springfield.

A-91: You... What are you doing?!

A-91: That's my stuff! Put it down! Put it ALL down!

Type 97: Who do you think you are? You think something is yours just because you say it is?

Type 97: We found it first, and it was all over the ground, like someone had been blown up.

A-91: Hah?

Springfield: Hang on, let me handle this.

Type 97: Why don't you just shoot her...

Despite her grumbling, Type 97 nevertheless falls back with the other two and lets Springfield handle the situation.

Upon seeing Springfield, A-91 hesitates, and her finger eases off the trigger of her gun.

Springfield: Please relax. These explosives were a mess, so we were simply helping you tidy them up.

A-91: You were tidying them up? Are you idiots or do you think I'm an idiot?

Springfield: My apologies, but we have no hostile intent.

Springfield: However, your equipment doesn't seem to be very good. Entering the Dark Zone like this might be risky for you.

A-91: What are you trying to say?

Springfield: I propose a trade. We have plenty of medicine and food here, as well as a fair bit of excess gear.

Springfield: I wish to exchange these vital resources with you for some of these explosives. What do you think?

A-91: I don't really care. I found them first, so why should I give them to you?

A-91: Plus, we're all out to kill each other here, so why should I believe you're proposing a fair trade?

Springfield: Hm... It does seem quite hard to believe. I understand how you must feel.

Springfield: However, if we really wanted to, wouldn't it have been better for us to simply ambush you?

A-91: It wouldn't because I'm alert and on my guard!

Springfield: It is also because we honestly had no intention of attacking you in the first place.

Springfield: The real battle is in the Dark Zone. If we wear each other down here, we won't be able to experience the most important content of the game.

A-91: The most important content... True, if I don't enter the Dark Zone...

Springfield: We are not enemies, at least not out here.

Springfield: Winning is the most important thing, is it not? Now is not the time for us to fight with all our might. We need to survive.

A-91: ...

A-91: Humph, even so...

Springfield: You can think about it, but there isn't much time left.

Springfield: Our progression speed will be affected if we don't enter the Dark Zone as soon as possible, so dragging this out is no good for us.

As Springfield is negotiating with A-91, the other three are starting to get restless.

Gr MP7: What are the chances we can take her out in one hit from this distance?

Type 97: Not high. Without using a scope, I might have to dump an entire mag to be sure.

Gr MP7: Isn't that a good thing? Why don't you go up and do just that?

Type 97: I'm not dumb, you know. She's carrying grenades and there are explosives everywhere. If we don't take her out in one shot, we'll be dead before we can even begin to run.

Type 97: Springfield must be negotiating with her because she thought about that.

Gr MP7: No wonder you managed to survive until now. I've underestimated you.

AA-12: Still, I don't think she's the type who'll listen to reason... Right, I've decided. If the negotiations don't work out, I'll give up right away, return her stuff and walk away.

Type 97: How can you do that?!

AA-12: I want to enter the Dark Zone and not fool around here.

Type 97: True, it's getting a little late. Tell you what, come over and give me some cover, AA-12.

AA-12: What are you up to?

Type 97: I'm going to steal some of the items while Springfield is dragging things out.

Type 97: That way, even if we abandon the supplies, we'll come out on top.

Gr MP7: You'll get caught, you idiot.

Type 97: You won't know until you try!

AA-12: Fine, I'll block you for a bit.

Type 97: Sweet! Please, Springfield, delay her for just a little longer...

While A-91 is being distracted by Springfield's words, Type 97 clutches the explosives she's holding tightly to her chest and begins tiptoeing off towards the Dark Zone.

However, she suddenly feels a keen gaze fall on her, and a shout from A-91 soon follows.

A-91: You, Twintails! Put my stuff down!

Type 97: Ah! She spotted me! But how? I was really careful, wasn't I?

A-91: Did you think I wouldn't notice your little stunt just because I look drunk?

A-91: This is my normal working state! The more drunk I am, the keener my senses are.

Type 97: But that's water you're holding, right?

Gr MP7: Just because you're acting all sneaky and stuff doesn't mean people really won't notice you... (Sighs).

Gr MP7: There's four of us. We'll win if it comes to a straight fight.

A-91: Put my stuff down and leave and I might let you off.

Gr MP7: Also, why do you have so many explosives piled up here? Are you going to blow yourself up?

A-91: Do you not take out your weapons to kill someone? Or do you beat them to death with your backpack, you moron?

Gr MP7: Kill someone? Who?

A-91: Not you. Be glad.

Springfield frowns. She takes a step forward and shoots Gr MP7 a glance, telling her to back off. However, Gr MP7 doesn't get the message and keeps glaring at A-91.

Gr MP7: If you're prepared to kill someone, then you should be prepared to have your trap taken down.

A-91: What, you're going to lecture me? Think about who has the upper hand now!

Gr MP7: Are you sure you're not misunderstanding something?

Gr MP7: If it comes to a fight, you'll die before us.

Springfield: Gr MP7! Don't provoke her.

A-91: Oh?! You think I'm scared just because there's more of you?

A-91: I won't go before I get rid of her! These are the components for the trap I'm setting up. Don't even think of getting away with any of them.

AA-12: ...What a pain.

Springfield: But how can we be certain that you'll let us go if we put down those items?

Springfield: Like you said, we've already stepped into your trap, haven't we?

A-91: You know this and you STILL want to talk terms with me? I am the ruler of this place!

A-91: I am the Abzolut god of vodka!

Gr MP7: AA-12 was right, she's a total drunkard and impervious to reason.

Type 97: If only there was a way to talk this over...

Type 97: Hey, look, behind A-91... What's that in the fog?

AA-12: It looks like the landmark boss we didn't find earlier... I'll head over to take care of him now.

A-91: Hey, that super insomniac over there! Where the hell do you think you're going with my stuff?!

AA-12: There's an enemy behind you! Are you drunk on water or something?

As the enemy approaches, even Springfield's expression grows severe.

Springfield: A-91, please listen to me... Right now, we're all in front of you and nobody is out of your sight, right?

Springfield: There's a boss coming behind you. Let's put our differences aside for now and kill the boss before we continue this discussion, okay?

A-91: Really? Do you think I'm an idiot? Who knows how many people you have in your team?

A-91: And why should I believe a word of what you're saying when you tried a trick like that on me just now?!

Springfield: But he really IS walking up behind you, listen to the footsteps...

Springfield: He's holding a Molotov cocktail. It's dangerous to stay here.

Type 97: A Molotov? According to my intel, the nearby boss doesn't have Molotovs.

Type 97: ...Wait a minute, was it the one I dropped just now?

Gr MP7: I am SO going to beat the crap out of you when we get out of here, Type 97. Not even 95 will stop me.

Gr MP7: Tsk! Get ready to fight!

A-91: You there, the pink-haired one! Put your gun down!

A-91: If you point it at me again I'll set everything off!

AA-12: Crap, there's a devil up ahead and the deep blue sea beyond...

AA-12: Can we try for an assault?

Type 97: There's no reasoning with this woman, if we try to launch an attack, she'll set everything off...

While they have been arguing, the enemy has drawn close. The sound of heavy footfalls echoes up and down the street, resounding in everyone's eardrums.

A-91 hears it too, but she's too focused on the four people in front of her to look away.

Gr MP7: You idiot, this is the last time I'm going to warn you. Let's put our differences aside for now and take care of that guy before we argue about what belongs to who!

A-91: Who are you calling an idiot?!

A red blast circle appears below A-91's feet, as if to prove Gr MP7's words. Although A-91 takes cover immediately, she still loses a big chunk of HP.

As she watches her HP bar shrink, A-91's alcohol-soaked patience finally snaps.

A-91: AK-47 (hic) abandoned me here and put me in a humiliating situation, then you tried to pull a cheap stunt on me, and now even the enemy's bullying me!

A-91: If I can't enjoy the game, then neither will you! Time to die!

Springfield: Wait, we can give you...

A-91: Shut up! I'm not playing this stupid game anymore!

A-91 opens fire without letting Springfield finish. Springfield throws herself aside, and the bullets all strike the explosives piled up behind her.

Springfield: Oh no...

Squad Springfield turns and flees, but it is already too late.

A-91: DIE!

AA-12: Meh, might as well screenshot this too.

System: X Honey Muffin died from an explosion.

System: X Chain Charge 81 died from an explosion.

System: X Dazzling Mouse Tamer died from an explosion.

System: X Candy Cannon died from an explosion.

System: X Abzolut Vodka died from an explosion.

0006 hours, Parking Garage No. 560.

After an intense battle, a figure steps over the corpses littering the ground and plants a foot on the roof of the car in the middle of the parking garage.

M870: Ahahahahaha! We're here!

M870: Are you ready, you Manhattan bitches?!

P7: Your entrance makes you look like some kind of villain...

ART556: Hehe, games without villains are boring! ♪

A pair of petite figures follow closely behind and climb onto the car as well, with some effort.

M870: Stop! Your lines! Why are you going off the script again?!

M870: While I know the two of you don't have much in the way of neural cloud capacity, don't you think yours is ridiculously low?

M870: It's just a few lines and we've rehearsed them so many times, so why can't you remember them?!

P7: That's not it, Boss. It's just that the lines you came up with were super embarrassing...

ART556: Don't worry about it, let's skip the entrance scene and begin our invasion of Manhattan!

The Dolls look in the direction where ART556 is pointing. Before them stands Underground Parking Garage No. 560, from early 21st century.

P7: Huh, so this is a parking garage from 50 years ago?

P7: Looks just like Griffin's underground warehouse...

ART556: How should I put this... It's got a very historical feeling to it...

M870: Quit being picky, ladies. Do you know how many years you'd have to work just to afford a lot in a place like this?

ART556: Why would anyone want to buy a space in a shoddy place like this?!

P7: Boss M870, this game's been around for a long time, are you sure there'll be other players?

M870: Of course! Didn't I pull you guys in here so we could have fun being the Manhattan Posse?

ART556: Hehe, I had a bunch of plans earlier, but I abandoned them and came here just for this.

ART556: It's all so I can enjoy being a Manhattan cop!

P7: We get to mess around while pretending to be part of the Manhattan PD! ♪

P7: But are we seriously not going to consider fighting for the prize?

M870: What do you mean "pretending"? Mind your language! Being able to get the prize money is good, but our main goal here is having fun! ♪

M870: Besides, you'll have fine money coming out of your ears as long as you hang with me! Hehehehe...

P7: That's right! Money's not important, the point is to have fun! Hehehehe...

ART556: Yep yep, so here's to jolly cooperation!

ART556: Hehehehe...

With camaraderie in the air, the three Dolls high-five each other.

However, the moment her back is turned, ART556 moves with blinding speed and plants a sticky bomb on P7's back.

ART556: Heehee, let's see how good you really are, P7.

P7: Your reputation precedes you, ART556. I didn't expect I'd get the chance to work with you!

P7: Before this, I was actually kind of worried about going up against you in a prank war.

ART556: Hahahaha, then this must be fate. I'm looking forward to working together. ❤

M870: Fate? If I hadn't pulled you two in here, you'd probably be splashing around in a mud puddle somewhere.

P7: Yep, it's all thanks to you, Boss M870!

ART556: Thank you, Boss M870. In order to celebrate our encounter, I'm going to share some food I just found with everyone!

ART556: I left it at the garage's entrance, so wait for me here...

P7: Awesome!

P7 can tell that something is off.

P7: I'll go get it with you!

ART556: N-no need for that! I can manage by myself!

P7: Aw, why so stiff? We're all from the same team, aren't we...?

ART556 tries to jump off the car roof and flee, but P7 has a death grip on her.

ART556 tries to hide her remote control with one hand and deal with P7's tugging with the other, and the struggle soon grows heated.

ART556: P7! It isn't much, so stay here and keep the Boss company!

P7: Nonsense! It's dangerous to go alone...

M870: The hell are you two doing? Indulging in sisterly kinship in front of me?

Trapped between the two of them, M870 separates the pair impatiently.

During the course of the struggle, ART556's remote lands on the roof of the car.

The air grows still in an instant.

ART556: ...

ART556: Oh no!

P7: ...

P7: Not bad, ART556! You work fast!

M870: The heck is this?

Before M870 can finish speaking, P7 and ART556 are already lunging for the remote control.

Bonk— That's the sound of two foreheads colliding.

Shortly after that, the three Dolls end up locked in a big ball and roll off the car roof.

P7: Uwah—

ART556: Owowowow...

Through dazed eyes, ART556 notices that the sticky bomb is now stuck to the car window.

ART556: As long as I can recover the sticky bomb before anyone notices, the whole thing will be over!

M870: Was it worth scuffling over a trinket like this?

M870: Is there catnip in there or something?

M870 fiddles with the remote control in her hand.

ART556: Huh?

P7: Wait, that's—

M870 picks herself up and presses the remote control nonchalantly...

...At the same time, outside the parking garage.

A-91: Hey, I've got something awesome to tell you guys...

VSK-94: ...You won another free bottle?

A-91: No! Look over there, at AK-47...

VSK-94 looks over at AK-47, not understanding what's going on.

AK-47: According to the map, if we want to go to the Dark Zone, we'll have to go...

SKS: It's still so far off?! You're planning to have your trump card here walk all this way to get to the battlefield?!

AK-47: THAT'S the entire length of Manhattan Island! THIS is where we...

AK-47 and SKS are feuding about the route they're going to take.

VSK-94: So what's the problem?

A-91: Look closely at AK-47's hand...

VSK-94 focuses her attention on the finger that AK-47 is resting on the map.

AK-47: Given our progress so far, I estimate we'll take another 8 hours to get there.

SKS: ...Then we'll have to pick up the pace!

SKS: Otherwise, the others will have the upper hand by the time we get there!

AK-47: Da! A-91, VSK-94, we're going to pick up the pace!

VSK-94: Alright, no problem.

SKS: Comrades! Onward, to victory!

AK-47 holds her head up high and marches into the bone-chilling wind.

SKS dips her head to take another mouthful of soda.

SKS: Eh, the beer here is really watered down.

A-91: Do you see it?

VSK-94: You're not trying to tell me...that AK-47 has extra fingers...are you?

A-91: Nononono, AK-47 is MISSING fingers!

A-91: She only has five fingers on her hand! But look at me, I have eight fingers on mine!

VSK-94: ...

Through her fingers, VSK-94 can see SKS wobbling over towards them.

SKS: Advance! Advance! Advance toward the objective!

SKS: Huh? How come you guys are ahead of me?

VSK-94: ...

VSK-94: You were going the wrong way.

VSK-94 sighs heavily and drags SKS and A-91 along in an effort to catch up with AK-47.

...AK-47 suddenly comes to a halt outside the parking garage.

AK-47: Hehe, this is it, Underground Parking Garage No. 560.

A-91: Woohoo!

SKS: We can ride in a car?!

AK-47: If we can find a car, it'll greatly cut down the amount of time we spend on the road!

VSK-94: I should point out that we haven't been able to drive any of the vehicles we've encountered so far.

AK-47: Aw, don't just give up, you've gotta keep trying!

AK-47: Who knows, we might find a glorious steed for ourselves in there!

VSK-94 peers into the gloomy entrance of the parking garage, then looks around again at her hyped-up teammates.

Her high-speed neural cloud proceeds to envision countless scenarios where the group is wiped out, and VSK-94 sighs heavily.

VSK-94: Let me do the scouting.

VSK-94: Given our present condition, we probably won't be able to make it into the garage alive.

AK-47: It'll be fine! Look, it's all quiet down there.

AK-47: If you're worried, I'll chuck a bottle in and see if anything happens.

VSK-94: I don't think such a simple and crude method is suitable in this scenario...

AK-47 walks up to the slope leading to the garage entrance and rolls the bottle she just finished down the incline.

AK-47: See! There's noth—

BOOM—

AK-47 is interrupted by a sudden explosion at extremely close range.

AK-47: ...

VSK-94: ...

SKS: How many times do I have to tell you, AK-47?!

SKS: Don't go throwing your vodka bottles around!

VSK-94: It was a soda bottle..

A-91: Hehe, the enemy's pretty lively!

A-91: Looks like the battle's gotten very tricky. Make way and let me at 'em!

A-91 takes out her knife and points it at the darkness below.

A-91: You lot! Get out here right now!

AK-47: That's A-91 for you! Spirited as ever!

SKS: Get them, A-91!

VSK-94: Senior! You're holding your scout firing knife the wrong way round! If you open fire like this...

VSK-94 immediately moves up to stop A-91, in the hopes of helping her correct her shooting posture.

VSK-94: The NRS-2 should be held with the blade towards yourself...

A-91: ...What NRS?

A-91 starts struggling as she sees VSK-94 trying to take away the knife in her hand.

SKS: Hey, rookie, it's really dangerous to get close to A-91 when she's fighting!

AK-47: What are you two grabbing each other for?!

AK-47: What if the enemies down there open fire on you while you're like this?

AK-47 and SKS insert themselves into the battle for A-91's knife.

A-91: You-you think you can bully me just because there's eight of you?!

SKS: What do you mean, "eight of you"? In any case, just let go!

AK-47: Why are you grabbing my hand so hard?!

VSK-94: Just let me handle it! Stop getting in the way!

A-91: You think you can take my knife because you've got numbers on your side?

A-91: I've got a few more Molotov cocktails in reserve!

VSK-94: ...What?!

SKS: You mean your empty vodka bottles? I tossed them long ago!

A-91: Blyat! Why do you keep throwing my bottles away, SKS?!

SKS: That's because AK-47 loves throwing them around and causing trouble!

AK-47: What does this have to do with me?

SKS: Speaking of which, AK-47, what happened to that bottle you finished just now?

AK-47: It's over here...huh?

As AK-47 looks down to search for the bottle, A-91 pushes away the Dolls around her with a forceful shove.

In the moment that she is pushed clear, SKS notices several bottles rolling down the slope towards A-91's feet...

A-91: Aha, my bottles!

A-91 shakily lifts a foot...

...After a tremendous explosion, the three Dolls lie dazed on the ground.

M870: ...

M870: Who did that?

ART556: ...

P7: It was ART556!

M870: Was it you?

ART556: Uh...

M870 stands up, towering over ART556.

ART556 can sense incredible murderous intent overflowing from her eyes.

ART556: Boss, please, I can explain...

M870: Explain what?! How am I supposed to enforce the law when my HP's dropped this low?!

P7: Don't get mad, Boss! There's bound to be a weaker team out there...

M870: In our current state? Maybe if we ran into a team that was sloshed out of their neural clouds!

M870: Or else—

Rattle rattle rattle—

A lonely soda bottle rolls down.

M870 immediately shushes herself and takes cover with P7 and ART556 behind a car.

ART556: W-what now?

M870: Shh— Someone's coming.

The three Dolls turn their eyes toward the entrance of the parking garage and watch intently, but nothing happens...

P7: Maybe you were hearing things?

ART556: Did the explosion damage your hearing modules?

M870: Wait—

More time passes.

P7: The lifespan of my kneecaps is dropping...

ART556: Can we go now, Boss?

M870: Wait a little longer...

...An ominous voice drifts in from the entrance of the parking garage.

??: Wooooooooooo—

???: Hahahahaha the whole world's spinning!

Before Squad M870 recovers from their shock, they see a huge indistinct ball roll into the parking garage...

P7: What on earth is that?

ART556: Looks like a bunch of boozehounds. No, wait, does this world have alcohol?

M870: Do alcoholics need alcohol? They'll get drunk off a pint of plain water.

M870: Look at that lot, they're happily downing bottles of soda, as though they were actually drinking beer or something.

ART556: Hehe, looks like a bunch of marks have offered themselves up to us!

P7: Wait a second, who's that Doll over there? Don't think I've seen her before...

ART556: VSK-94? I think she's new at the base.

ART556: So she ended up teaming up with them...

M870: She looks really strong, and she's clear-headed too.

P7: You think we can win, Boss?

ART556: Maybe if it were just those three drunks...

M870: Don't worry. Once we get VSK into our team, we'll be able to go even wilder, hahaha!！

P7: Speaking of which, I just remembered something...

...On the other side of the parking garage, several Dolls awkwardly stagger to their feet.

A-91: You...what the hell's your problem?

A-91: Why'd you have to take my...my knifey?

VSK-94: ...Your knifey?

VSK-94 grabs A-91's hand and looks carefully at it.

It looks a lot like an NRS-2 shooting knife, but turns out it's just an ordinary knife.

VSK-94: ...

AK-47: ...Hahaha! How do you like it, rookie?

AK-47: Life is always filled with surprises when you follow our squad, don't you think?!

VSK-94: ...

VSK-94: Heart attacks, more like...

After recalling the blast from just now, VSK-94 warily observes the parking garage, looking for places where enemies might be lying in ambush.

AK-47: Relax. If there were enemies around, they'd have opened fire already.

SKS: The hell are you acting so calm for, AK-47?!

SKS: How many times have I told you! Don't throw your empty bottles around!

A-91: ...SKS? Why are you grabbing my collar?

AK-47: Haha, sorry, I'll be more careful next time.

AK-47: Come, a toast to reaching the garage safely!

VSK-94: We're way behind schedule as it is. Are you really going to keep drinking?

SKS: That's the vodka spirit!

SKS: If you don't get it, have a drink to clear your head!

AK-47: Look, rookie, drinking is how we strengthen our bond and build rapport.

AK-47: You should drink too, so you can bond with us faster!

AK-47: I'm out, A-91! Give the rookie a bottle!

A-91: Huh? My vodka...?

A-91 rummages through her bag. VSK-94 can clearly see her rummaging through several bottles of soda, but in the end she decides to zip the bag up.

A-91: Too bad, I'm out of vodka too...

SKS: I'm on my last bottle myself.

VSK-94: Then maybe I should scout ahead!

AK-47: Looks like we have no choice.

VSK-94 quickly packs her things and leaves the parking garage.

AK-47: Come come come, our squad's made it this far. This calls for a celebration!

A-91: A toast to our upcoming victory!

SKS: Drink! All of you, drink! We're not stopping till we're all smashed!

M870 watches as the three Dolls tilt their heads back to down an entire bottle of soda each.

AK-47: Hahahahaha! I'll go see if I can start up that car over there... (hic)

SKS: Pick a spacious one...

SKS: That way we won't be knocked around inside when we're giving the cops the slip.

A-91: There's no point. You'll hit your head on everything as long as AK-47's driving.

AK-47: Shaddup, you lot! If Kalina finds out we've been driving drunk again—

AK-47: Wait a minute, we're not in Griffin now, hehehe...

SKS: Hehe, now the Commander and Kalina can't nag us anymore!

A-91: You cowards, so you didn't dare drink because of a tiny problem like that?

AK-47: Yeah, right. In any case, I've never been scared before...

AK-47: Anyway, they'll just check me into rehab again if they catch me...

SKS: They just lock you in a pitch black room for several days and play traffic safety rules over and over again, without a drop of liquor in sight!

SKS: I'm Griffin's trump card, you know! How could I be scared of petty things like that?

A-91: Da, da...

As they recall their painful memories, the smiles on the three Dolls' faces grow stiff.

Just then, a righteous cry thunders through the air, accompanied by a powerful searchlight beam.

???: You lot! Hands up!

???: Trying to drive when you're this drunk?

???: Don't think you can escape today!

Three unfamiliar figures pop up on the roof of the car beside AK-47.

M870: We're the Manhattan P.D.!

M870: Today is drunk driver cleanup day! Now reach for the sky!

P7: We're the cops!

ART556: Put your hands up!

AK-47: ...

SKS: ...

A-91: ...

M870: Hey, say something, will you?

AK-47: Chyort vozmi! Today was clearly not supposed to be drunk driver cleanup day!

SKS: Cut the crap! RUN!

A-91: SKS, This way!

AK-47: Wait a minute! Aren't we playing a game?!

SKS: Yeah, why would the Manhattan P.D. be in this crappy game anyway?

A-91: Then why the hell are you running so fast?

AK-47: Pizdets! I can't help myself!

SKS: When I hear the word "police", I have the urge to run away!

A-91: You guys... Don't think you can run faster than me!

In the blink of an eye, the three Dolls have vanished without a trace.

Only Squad M870 is left, staring dumbfoundedly.

P7: ...

ART556: ...Can Dolls run that fast?

M870: Holy crap, it's like a dream!

VSK-94: Seniors, I'm back.

P7: Boss, VSK's back!

ART556: What do we do?!

M870: Calm down!

VSK-94 returns to where AK-47 was supposed to be, but all she sees is several unfamiliar Dolls staring sternly at her.

M870: We're the Manhattan P.D.!

M870: Today is drunk driver cleanup day! You there! Reach for the sky!

P7: Hands up!

ART556: All the way up!

VSK-94: ...

VSK-94 cooperates and raises her hands, as well as submitting to a breathalyzer test.

M870: Humph, she hasn't been drinking.

VSK-94: Uh... Comrade officers, have you seen my teammates?

VSK-94: They were just here.

M870: Are you talking about the drunkards from just now?

VSK-94: ...Probably.

P7: They saw us and ran!

ART556: Vanished with a whoosh~

VSK-94: ...I knew it.

As they see the look of helplessness on VSK-94's face, M870 signals P7 and ART556.

M870: I'm Officer M870 of the Manhattan District Police, and these two are my deputies, ART556 and P7.

P7: Hello, Ma'am. I'm P7.

ART556: And I'm ART556, at your service.

VSK-94: ...You're Griffin Dolls too, right?

VSK-94: Why call yourselves the Manhattan P.D.?

M870: That's because it's our mission, and since we've accepted it, we'll see it through to the end.

M870: Granted, Manhattan's a wasteland now, but we still need to step up to protect the peace.

P7: Yep!

ART556: Exactly!

VSK-94 notices that the three Dolls are covered in wounds.

VSK-94: ...

M870: Oh, our injuries? We got caught in an explosion when we were trying to stop those drunks.

P7: ...Yeah, huh?

P7: Wait, is that part of our story now?

ART556: It's called improvisation, just roll with it!

VSK-94: Thank you for your hard work.

M870: Well, we're low on people, and my deputies here aren't too experienced either... (Sighs)

VSK-94: Manhattan's so big, so why are there only the three of you?

VSK-94: Are all the other cops gone...?

M870: Yep. I mean, you must have seen the state of Manhattan on the way here, right?

VSK-94: Yes, it's quite a mess...

M870: We've been trying to recruit comrades while protecting justice, but the results haven't exactly been ideal.

VSK-94: ...

M870: Well, that's enough about us.

M870: Ma'am, your friends are gone. What do you plan to do now?

VSK-94: I...

ART556 and P7 innocently sidle up to her, and as she looks into their clear, shiny eyes, VSK-94 is reminded of the cloudy, inebriated eyes of those boozehounds...

M870: Honestly, this is the first time I've seen perps who were so quick to abandon a friend. Still, it's alright, our job is to help the troubled masses.

M870: If you're worried about running into danger on your trip, we can escort you.

P7: To serve and protect!

ART556: Is our honor!

VSK-94: No need for that...

VSK-94: I'd rather help you protect justice than help those alcoholics scrounge up more money to buy vodka.

M870: Wait a minute. Do you mean...?

VSK-94: My name is VSK-94, and I once served with the police. I believe my experience should be of use.

VSK-94: Therefore, I hope you'll let me join you.

M870: Why certainly! We'd be happy to have you with us!

VSK-94: Then I'll be in your care from now on.

P7: Oh yeah!

ART556: That's wonderful!

M870: Welcome, I know you'll be able to bring new strength to the Manhattan P.D.!

VSK-94: Right.

VSK-94 packs her things and sets off.

Behind her, three pairs of Doll eyes gleam nefariously in the darkness of the parking garage.

P7: Hehe, we did it.

ART556: All too easy!

M870: Another flawless plan from the Boss!

...10

minutes ago.

P7: Now that you mention it, I remember something...

ART556: What is it?

P7: I once saw several police officers come to the base to look for the Commander. The Commander looked really stern, so I decided to listen in.

P7: I think AK-47 and her fellow drunks were speeding and ended up being arrested and dragged back to the base by the cops.

P7: Kalina had to pay a huge fine and the Commander was super mad, and AK-47 and the others were severely punished!

ART556: So you're saying they're afraid of the police...

M870: Hahahahaha, what dorks!

M870: Still, we might be able to use this against those three drunkards.

M870: The problem is, I haven't figured out VSK yet. I don't know what kind of strategy would be good against her.

ART556: You mean the three of us together can't beat her?

You have the cheek to bring that up? Would we even need to hide here if you hadn't blasted off most of our HP?!

ART556: (Sniffles) I already said I was sorry!

P7: Boss, look! VSK's gone!

ART556: Should we make our move now?

P7: What if VSK suddenly comes back?

M870: Heheh, I have a plan.

ART556: What is it?

M870: We'll go out now and arrest them for drunk driving.

M870: That way we'll be on the side of justice, representing justice punishing the guilty!

P7: Won't VSK try to save her teammates?

M870: When she returns, she'll find us bravely enforcing justice.

M870: From what I know of VSK's background, she'll never oppose justice!

ART556: So you're saying... We pretend to be the law to recruit VSK?

M870: You take that back!

M870: From now on, we ARE the law!

M870: Got that?

ART556: No problem!

P7: Perfect!

M870: Hehe, now let's do it!

M870: You lot! Hands in the air!

...In Kalina's livestream room.

Kalina has her eyes clenched tight in anguish, while her fingers are rubbing her temples over and over again.

Kalina: ...Don't make me recall those painful memories again!

Kalina: (Sobs) We had to pay so much in fines back then!

Commander: ...Forget it, Kalin. It's been so long.

Kalina: But whenever I remember paying off that fine, and seeing that huge sum leave my account...

Kalina: It makes my heart ache!

Commander: Then you should look at the betting pool. Feel better now?

Kalina: Waha! Hehehehe...

The tempting figures immediately boil away the tears brimming in the corners of Kalina's eyes.

Kalina: Alright! Let's continue the stream!

Kalina: All you Dolls watching the livestream, two teams have just undergone a huge member change!

Kalina: VSK-94, formerly of Squad AK-47, has now been coaxed into joining Squad M870!

Kalina: How much further will Squad AK-47 be able to go after losing one of their star players? And will Squad M870 gain a new lease of life?

Kalina: Don't leave now, folks! Let's keep watching the progress of the game!
Part 2: Scales of Justice

    2chevron_right

0012 hours. The "Hungry" icon on top of Vector's head has vanished. She slowly rises to her feet, and the only sound in her ears is the harsh whistling of the wind.

Vector: ...

Vector: P...

Dima: ...Agent.

Vector: ...Oh, it's you.

Dima: PP-90 has left the game. I am sorry for your loss, Agent.

Vector: PP-90...

Dima: Springfield's team passed through here just now.

Vector: Were they also headed toward the Dark Zone?

Dima: Yes.

Dima: All the surviving teams should be headed toward the Dark Zone now.

Vector: Alright. I'll go meet R93 and the others at the train station, then.

...In Bryant Park, which is surrounded by tall buildings.

M870: (Pants heavily)

M870: Did those cowards spend all their skill points on running speed just so they can flee?!

VSK-94: (Pants heavily)

In the throes of her anger, M870 grabs a couple of bystanders by their collars.

M870: Hey you, did any shifty-eyed Dolls pass through this place?

Passerby 1: ...

Passerby 2: ...

The two bystanders remain as they are and do not respond to M870.

M870: ...Why are your goddamn eyes open if you can't see the Boss standing in front of you?

Passerby 1: ...

M870: Trying to be a tough guy?

VSK-94: Leave it, M870. You can't interact with these bystanders.

M870 savagely pastes several traffic tickets on the two bystanders.

M870: P7, ART556, you two go check over there and see if you can find any trace of them.

...

M870: P7? ART556?

VSK-94: They didn't catch up with us...

M870: That's why I HATE working with those vertically-challenged Dolls!

M870: They always vanish during critical moments, either they fall into the sewers or get stuck in weird places...

VSK-94: We need to go back and find them.

M870: What are you, a helicopter parent hovering outside a daycare?

M870: Relax, P7 and ART556 aren't kids. They can take care of themselves.

VSK-94: W-what do you mean by hovering around outside a daycare?

VSK-94: Anyway, I tried contacting them just now, but I couldn't get through. Their signals have been jammed.

M870: Don't worry. A kidnapper's going to call and demand ransom soon.

VSK-94: ...

M870: I was just KIDDING. You know, to lighten the mood and all that? Don't go taking it so seriously.

M870: They might have already entered the Dark Zone. Remember those system messages that kept coming up?

M870: What was it, "Agents have entered the Dark Zone" and all that?

VSK-94: Doesn't that make things worse?

VSK-94: They'll have a hard time dealing with the dangers of the Dark Zone by themselves.

Dima: Correct. It will be very difficult for them to survive by themselves in the Dark Zone.

M870: Oi! Don't suddenly butt in like that! Are you trying to scare me or what?!

Dima: My apologies, Agent.

Dima: However, I would still advise you to go to their aid immediately.

M870: Fine fine, you can shut up now.

VSK-94: We need to go to the Dark Zone right now.

M870: ...Fine, I get it. Let's head over there.

After looking at VSK-94's eyes, M870 knows that she won't be easily swayed from her course, so she has no choice but to agree for now.

Vector ends up passing by Bryant Park on her way toward the Dark Zone.

A pair of Dolls are calmly taking stock of their supplies amidst the grim, silent atmosphere.

Vector: Those look like Griffin Tactical Dolls.

Vector: Did Griffin have such quiet people among them?

Vector makes sure her face is a smooth blank before heading towards the two Dolls...

VSK-94: Also, I have a suggestion, M870.

M870: What suggestion?

VSK-94: The decision to arrest people should be made jointly.

M870: The team leader decides policy. Got a problem with that? You want to overthrow me?

VSK-94: No, that was not my intention.

VSK-94: I simply feel that some of your decisions are impulsive.

M870: What? Me? Impulsive?

The sudden argument stops Vector in her tracks.

Vector: ...

Vector: Just hearing that bit of their argument makes me want to roll my eyes and blue screen.

Vector: Forget it, I'm not a likable Doll, I shouldn't force myself to socialize.

Vector silently changes course and prepares to go around M870 and VSK-94.

VSK-94: I don't intend to make things difficult for you.

VSK-94: In the beginning, I had no objections to your fining AK-47 and the others for drunk driving.

M870: Go on.

VSK-94: When you encountered Squad Springfield just now, they were simply collecting resources and they were very cooperative.

VSK-94: Yet you intimidated them with force and drove them to flee.

M870: They were running because they had guilty consciences!

VSK-94: While attempting to apprehend Squad Springfield, a lack of prior communication caused P7 and ART556 to be left behind.

VSK-94: We were low on manpower to begin with. Now it will be even harder for us to do our job.

M870: Yadda yadda yadda, where do you get off lecturing me, anyway?

VSK-94: This is not a lecture. I simply wish to avoid unnecessary losses.

M870: YOU'RE the newcomer, I'M the team leader!

M870: Don't think I'll keep letting you have your way just because you're a newbie.

M870: When in Rome, you jolly well do as the Romans do, and if you want to operate on M870's turf, you play by M870's rules.

M870: If you want to keep hanging with me, you'd better respect my authority!

VSK-94: ...

VSK-94: So you insist on enforcing justice with your previous methods?

VSK-94: It seems we have an irreconcilable difference in our interpretation of justice.

A stone flies at M870 from nowhere. Fortunately, she ducks in time, and no harm is done.

M870: Who did that? Who has the balls to assault an officer in broad daylight?!

M870: You, that Doll over there! Was it you?

M870: Yes, you, the one with the silver hair! Hold it right there!

Vector unconsciously comes to a halt.

Vector: ...Should I just run?

While Vector is deciding what to do, M870 has already dragged VSK-94 up to her.

M870: State your username, suspect.

Vector: Tactical Doll Vector.

M870: Wait, seriously? What year is this, do Dolls actually use their real names as their usernames?

M870: Even when Nagant goes surfing (online, that is) she picks all kinds of flowery nicknames for herself...

Vector: It's one thing to laugh at my username, but what was that in the brackets just now?

VSK-94: Don't mind her, she's the sort of Doll who runs her mouth too much.

M870: Says who?! I just heard it from somewhere.

Vector: Well, uh, I have something to do so I'll be off.

Vector is getting a headache from the exchange and can't wait to flee the scene.

M870: Wait!

M870 nimbly blocks Vector's path.

M870: There's something fishy about you!

Vector: ...

VSK-94: What now?

M870: Just now, you said I was throwing out charges randomly, right?

M870: I'm going to prove to you that my charging process is transparent and accurate...

M870 sizes Vector up.

M870: Answer my question, suspect!

Vector: ...

Vector: Are you talking to me?

M870: Yes, you! "Tactical Doll Vector!"

M870: Just now, while I was discussing case details with the rookie, you tried to assault an officer and sneak away, right?!

Vector: Don't think the entire world revolves around you. I was simply passing by.

M870: I don't believe you!

M870: Talk! What kind of evil scheme did you have in mind?

Vector: ...

VSK-94: Are you always this direct when questioning suspects?!

M870: Don't butt in, rookie, I'm demonstrating proper procedure for you.

Vector: I am on a mission given by the Commander to win this game.

M870: What proof—

Vector: If you want proof, I will kill you right now so you can ask the Commander yourself.

M870: So you're trying to assault an officer again after attempting and failing to do so before?!

Vector: If your definition of assaulting an officer includes simulating ways to kill you in my neural cloud, then yes, I am guilty of several thousand counts of assaulting an officer.

M870: Humph, you've got quite the mouth on you.

M870: Wait a minute, are you the only one the Commander sent out for this?

Vector: I have two other teammates. They aren't with me now.

Vector: Is there anything else, Officer?

M870: Why aren't you traveling with them?

Vector: I guess it's because I'm not likable.

M870: Hahahaha, I like people who are straight to the point like you!

M870: Too bad being unlikable isn't a crime...

VSK-94: ...

M870: (Coughs) So, where are you going now?

Vector: The Dark Zone.

M870: ...

M870's questioning has stalled.

She frowns and studies Vector, trying to look for something she can use to pin a charge on her.

Vector: Can I go now?

VSK-94: Sorry for delaying you. You may leave.

M870 looks at VSK-94 in surprise. Open disdain and exasperation are written all over the rookie's face.

It suddenly occurs to M870, "If I don't do something about this now, I'll lose her."

M870: Hold it!

M870 blocks Vector once more.

Vector: ...

Vector: Can you just get on with it already?

Vector: If you want to fight, then fight. I don't care if it's one-on-one or in a group.

M870: Humph, I know what you've done, Tactical Doll Vector!

M870: You can try to hide it, but you can't deceive my eyes.

Vector: Pardon?

M870 glances at VSK-94 and sees a look of doubt in her eyes.

M870 knows that she's a step closer toward redeeming herself.

M870: Say no more. I know the answer already.

M870: "Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth!"

Vector: ...

M870: Also, "There can only be one truth!"

Vector: How long of an incantation do you need to activate your skill, anyway?

M870: And that is—

M870: You are guilty of —

M870: ILLEGAL POSSESSION OF FIREARMS!!!

Vector: ...

VSK-94: ...

...The air grows still.

VSK-94: ...

VSK-94: ILLEGAL POSSESSION OF FIREARMS? DO YOU HAVE SODA IN YOUR BRAIN?!

M870: Hey, why are you shouting at me?! Whose side are you on, anyway?!

VSK-94: I have had it up to here with you.

VSK-94 slings her backpack over her shoulder and prepares to leave.

M870: Hey! Where are you going?

VSK-94: I'm going to save P7 and ART556.

Vector: ...In that case, can I go now?

M870: I forbid you to leave!

Vector: Oh?

VSK-94: You're kidding, right? Do you think you can stop me?

M870: Humph, then be my guest!

M870: Let's see if you can go without my permission!

Vector: Oh, so you're not talking to me...

Vector: Well, I'll be—

M870 tosses her backpack into Vector's arms.

M870: Come on, fight me!

M870: The loser has to obey the winner, no questions asked! Do you have the guts for it?

VSK-94: My gut tells me you'll be weeping and begging for mercy.

VSK-94 takes off her backpack and hands it to Vector.

Vector: ...

Vector: Look, I know I'm not that likable, but you don't have to do this, right?...

M870 strikes first and fires at VSK-94.

VSK-94 steps up onto a park bench and nimbly evades the attack.

After a perfect landing, she begins running deeper into the park...

M870: Trying to get away so you can kill me from range? Don't even think about it!

M870 immediately gives chase.

Vector sighs and sits down on the bench, still holding the heavy backpacks.

Startled by the sudden sound of gunfire, the nearby birds all take to the skies, leaving behind nothing but a silent patch of trees.

VSK-94 has long since vanished, and there is no trace of her on the leaf-strewn paths.

M870 is keenly aware that the present circumstances are very unfavorable for her, so all she can do is slow down and carefully search for VSK-94's trail.

M870: ...

...A cool breeze blows, dislodging several leaves, which fall to the ground.

M870 turns sharply toward them.

M870: ...What the hell, scared the crap out of me.

The moment she relaxes, there is a surge of killing intent from the branches of the tree opposite her.

M870 raises her shield to protect herself while also firing at the tree.

VSK-94 sees that her sneak attack has failed and promptly repositions herself.

Though she is briefly shocked, M870 recovers in short order and mutters a few words.

M870: You're being way too vicious, rookie! How come you're aiming straight for my vitals?

M870: I mean, I DID save you from a pack of alcoholics—

Another lethal shot erupts from the depths of the branches.

Somehow, M870 survives it, but she loses a huge chunk of her HP.

M870 doesn't dare mouth off anymore. Instead, she rolls behind a nearby tree trunk and begins thinking about countermeasures.

M870: I'm going to lose at this rate...

M870: I need to break this deadlock, bait her into showing herself, then attack at close range.

M870: I'll start by feigning weakness to take the edge off her aggression, then fake a surrender and pretend to go with what she says. I wonder if those brats will come in handy...

M870 squirms around, teeth clenched in feigned pain and knocking leaves off the trees she hits. As expected, VSK-94 doesn't press the attack.

M870: Hehe, step one is a success.

M870 throws her gun out from behind the tree and begins wailing for mercy.

M870: (Squeals) It hurts! Don't hit me anymore, VSK-94!

M870: I give up! See, I've thrown my gun away!

M870 deliberately exposes her hand to VSK-94's fire.

VSK-94 does not shoot.

M870: Hehe, I know how VSK-94's mind works now.

M870: Next, I'm going to—

M870 nervously sticks her head out from behind the tree...

A hollow gun muzzle is pressed against her forehead.

VSK-94: You lose.

VSK-94 glares coldly at her, one foot firmly planted on the gun M870 tossed out.

M870: Wait! How did things end up like this?!

VSK-94: Not going to give up? Then I'll—

M870: No, no, don't! Wait, just listen to me!

M870: I know, you're mad because I didn't care about those two.

M870: How about this, why don't we go back together to look for them?

VSK-94: ...

M870: I mean, you said so too, right? A pair of Dolls are going to have a hard time dealing with the dangers of the Dark Zone.

M870: And if you were the only one left, your chances would be even worse! Now, if it were the two of us, then maybe...

VSK-94: Are you really willing to do that?

The gun barrel pressed against M870's forehead pulls away.

M870: Of course!

M870: Come, let's go! If those two have really entered the Dark Zone, then the sooner we find them, the better!

M870: If we keep getting delayed by pointless arguments, they'll—

System: X Deputy No. 7 was killed by an NPC.

System: X Deputy No. 556 was killed by an NPC.

M870: ...

VSK-94: ...

VSK-94 shoves her gun barrel back into M870's forehead so hard she can practically poke right through it....

M870: Look, why don't you calm down a little...

M870: Uh... Well, even without those two brats, we can find more little friends too, right...

VSK-94: Hehe...

Blazing anger can be seen in VSK-94's eyes, and M870's panicked face burns within them.

M870: ...

M870: And if that doesn't work out, maybe I could be your little friend...

VSK-94: ...

M870 knows her scheme is in tatters, but she isn't content to just give up like that.

Drawing on the fullest extent of her acting skills, she flashes VSK-94 a pair of adorable puppy-dog eyes, while her hand secretly reaches for the gun under VSK-94's foot...

VSK-94: I already know what you're planning, M870.

VSK-94 savagely kicks M870's gun away.

However, she doesn't expect M870 to take the opportunity to throw a grenade at her.

M870: Heheh! ♪ You can't predict the Boss!

VSK-94: ...

M870 nimbly rolls to the side.

VSK-94 can't dodge in time, so she throws herself at the grenade that's heading her way, then proceeds to pin M870 beneath her.

M870: W-what are you doing?!

BOOM—

The massive explosion startles more birds into flight, and it also awakens Vector, who has dozed off on a bench at the park entrance.

System: X Manhattan Sheriff killed I'm Really Not A Kidnapper.

System: X Manhattan Sheriff died from an explosion.

Vector: (Groans) What just happened?

...In Kalina's streaming room.

Doll A: Dammit!!! My bet's gone!!!

Doll B: VSK!!! I had such high hopes for you!!!

Doll C: Hahahahaha... Stop please, I'm dying here!

Doll D: Let's go Vivi! Vector fans forever!

As she listens to the weeping and wailing of the Dolls, Kalina looks at the snowballing numbers and smiles in satisfaction.

Kalina: Ahahahahaha... Who'd have thought there'd be a day when M870 would admit defeat!

Commander: The tournament's getting more and more interesting.

Kalina: Come one, come all! Let's not dwell on the past, there are still many teams left!

Kalina: Don't weep for the money you lost, that'll just blind you to future opportunities to get rich!

Kalina: So come, place your bets! Who knows, the next team you bet on might let you get everything back!!!

The Commander looks at the golden gleam in Kalina's eyes and subconsciously tightens their grip on their wallet.

...

0006 hours, Hudson Refugee Camp.

After Squad Vector arrives at the hiding spot.

Vector: ...They didn't follow you?

PP-90: No... God, they're so annoying.

PP-90: Why did we have to run into people like that right at the start of the game?

PP-90: I can't believe those drunks logged on before even clearing their heads!

K5: A bad start is the end of a stretch of bad luck.

K5: The real show starts now, don't you think?

R93: Yep! We're due for a hot streak!

Vector: Being put on the back foot by bunch of newcomers also reflects our lack of preparation.

Vector: That was a mistake on my part, as team leader.

K5: Haha, relax, Miss Vivi.

K5: I'm sure the Commander wasn't out to give you so much pressure. You were assigned to do this because they trusted you.

Vector: I'm not going to second-guess the Commander's decision. I'll only end up being depressed whether I get it right or wrong.

Vector: Rather, it would be more useful to think about how to complete this mission.

R93: So it's a cost-effectiveness thing, then?

R93: Also, why would getting it right make you sad? Wouldn't you be happy to guess correctly?

Vector: Usually, being able to anticipate what a superior is thinking might be a good thing.

Vector: But in some history books, there are examples of subordinates who were disliked for being too clever for their own good.

Vector: Kind of like that Chinese man who liked eating chicken ribs.

Vector: Also, what if the others started making jokes like "You got it right again? You must be really close to the Commander"?

Vector: I'm sure I'd want to die.

K5: That's a tough one...

K5: Are you always like this around the Commander?

PP-90: Haha... Not all the time. Vivi's just weird that way.

PP-90: If only she could alter that strange personality of hers a little.

PP-90: So, what do you plan to do next?

Vector: Good point. Let's decide our future strategy.

Vector: AK-47 and company aside, it's plain to see that some of our best people are in this game.

Vector: Moving around carelessly on the battlefield is going to be suicidal.

K5: Bingo~♪

K5: If we consider fighting prowess alone and forget about their wild ways...

K5: Miss AK-47 and her bunch are incredibly strong.

K5: And the same goes for the other Dolls.

Vector: That's true, but there's no need to sell yourselves short.

Vector: I believe that we're no less capable than they are.

Vector: As long as we're careful, finishing the mission won't be too difficult.

PP-90: I wonder what I should have the Commander buy for me after we win the prize!

R93: Isn't it a bit early to be thinking about the prize?

R93: We should focus on how to win first.

R93: To be honest, I haven't quite figured out what's going on yet.

Vector: Well, thanks to Miss Dima's explanations...

Vector: I have a basic understanding of the mechanics of the game.

Vector: In any case, we need to stock up on supplies while engaging the enemy.

Vector: We need to preserve our strength before we enter the Dark Zone.

PP-90: What AK-47 and her people are doing is very unwise.

PP-90: Being too engrossed in combat too soon will lead to falling behind and being overwhelmed due to a lack of supplies and provisions.

PP-90: The basic problem is not spending time on gathering supplies, and it's compounded by heavy fighting depleting already-limited stocks of ammo.

Vector: All in all, I'm not against fighting, and there's no need for us to keep avoiding combat.

Vector: However, we should avoid unnecessary fights.

Vector: I suggest we build up our supplies and proceed toward the Dark Zone at a steady pace.

K5: That's a wise choice.

Vector: Also...I have a proposition.

PP-90: A proposition?

Vector: I've noticed something.

Vector: The four of us moving together make for a large target.

Vector: We'll be easily ambushed and finding supplies isn't too efficient that way.

K5: Indeed.

K5: Also, the enemy will be better able to focus their efforts if they have fewer targets to monitor, right?

Vector: Yes, indeed.

Vector: Therefore, R93...

R93: Ah? Yes?

Vector: I'm planning to split the squad into two. You and K5 will travel together, while PP-90 will go with me.

Vector: With Team A and Team B covering each other, we'll be able to use more agile tactical deployments to achieve victory.

R93: Huh? So we're splitting up?

Vector: What do you think, K5?

K5: I suppose this is fate guiding our way.

K5: I have no objections, so let's watch each other's back, R93.

R93: Well... Alright, then.

PP-90: You picked me! I'm so happy, Vivi! Does it mean you have a special kind of trust in me?

Vector: Haha.

PP-90: What's with that forced laugh?!

PP-90: My ego is super fragile, you know!

R93: What about our route?

Vector: That's another reason why I suggested splitting up.

Vector: The supply caches on the map are limited. If we split up, we'll have a higher chance of finding more supplies.

Vector: It's safer than putting all our eggs in one basket...

Vector: Miss Dima?

Dima: Yes, I'm here.

Vector: Earlier, you said that the Dark Zone could be reached by passing through Lexington Avenue, right?

Dima: Yes. You need to find sufficient gas masks before the time limit and enter the Dark Zone.

Dima: Otherwise you'll be eliminated.

Vector: R93, your main job will be collecting resources in the vicinity of the Public Library.

Vector: PP-90 and I will set out from Sixth Avenue, head over to Times Square... Then we'll meet up at Lexington Avenue.

R93: OK.

K5: Roger.

Vector: If you understand, then let's set out now.

Vector: Supplies are limited, and the later you start, the less we'll get.

R93: Right now?

R93: But...this weather...

K5: Not even the guidance of Venus can pierce such thick clouds.

K5: Can't we rest up for a little longer?

Vector: No.

Vector: We already logged in later than the others.

Vector: If we enter the Dark Zone without sufficient supplies, it'll essentially be a form of slow suicide.

Vector: Also, we're Dolls, not humans.

Vector: If we let something as insignificant as the weather hinder us, then what's the point of mankind making us?

Vector: Come on, pull yourselves together.

R93: (Sighs) Well, if you say so.

K5: It can't be helped, then.

K5: Look forward to the haul we'll bring in.

Vector: Yeah. I'm counting on you.

R93 stretches lazily and packs up with K5 in silent coordination. She exchanges one last look with Vector before walking into the snowstorm.

PP-90: It's not that bad yet, but you mustn't take things too lightly either.

PP-90: After all, body temperature is a thing in the game.

PP-90: Don't forget, people were actually eliminated because they froze to death.

Vector: That was "Pink Nyan Nyan Punch", right? ...I wonder what kind of a Doll she was.

PP-90: Relax, relax, just pay attention and everything will be alright.

PP-90: After all, even in reality, we have to make sure that the cold doesn't freeze our joints and gun barrels.

Vector: Anyway, we ought to set out too.

PP-90: Woohoo!

Vector: Winter is coming...

Vector: I've always wanted to carry out a mission like this.

PP-90: Also, isn't this America?

PP-90: It's like we're on holiday!

Vector: Alright, enough nonsense. Let's go.

PP-90: Okie!

After watching R93's team leave, Vector and PP-90 stride out into the snow as well.
Part 2: A Large Target

    2chevron_right

...

Sixth Avenue.

After A-91 has left.

Vector: What was A-91 trying to do?

PP-90: I don't know either. Maybe she came all the way here to clown around?

Vector: Do vodka Dolls all have such weird senses of humor?

PP-90: They're funnier than the Schwarzbier Dolls, at least.

Vector: And for some reason, she was the only one left of her squad.

Vector: What kind of team leader would allow her team members to be stranded and isolated?

Vector: I'd really like to meet her.

PP-90: Haha, well, if she only had one team member left, the leader can't be in a much better position herself.

PP-90: Still, it's better than a leader who gets herself isolated and dies after all her other team members.

Vector: Now that's just sad.

ISAC: Warning. Agent is suffering from starvation.

Vector: Did you hear that?

PP-90: Oh, your hunger gauge is in the red! Ehhhh? How come mine is even lower than yours? People in this world get hungry way too soon.

Vector: Well, I sampled some of that food from before to figure out its effect, so mine was topped up a little.

Vector: Do you have anything to eat?

PP-90: I've got some, but it's not much.

Vector: Hm... I don't have anything left on me.

Vector: Just save it for now, it's definitely not enough for both of us.

Vector: We'll decide later, when we have to.

PP-90: Yep, okay!

Vector: We don't have much time. Let's hurry and find more food!

PP-90: M'kay!

PP-90: Ammo, grenades, gun parts... There are surprisingly quite a lot of supplies.

PP-90: Hm... But none of these are edible.

Vector: You can try it, if you aren't afraid of breaking your teeth.

Vector: Besides, it won't affect your body.

PP-90: Ew... I don't wanna.

PP-90: Ah, there's something over there!

Vector: Wait a minute... I told you, don't rush!

PP-90: That's strange. Nobody should have passed through here.

PP-90: The ammo and whatnot are intact.

PP-90: But there isn't a single bit of food here.

PP-90: And what's this...

PP-90 picks up the piece of paper in front of the counter.

Vector: ...It's a bill.

Vector: Looks like someone took all the food here and was kind enough to leave a shopping list behind.

PP-90: ...I don't get it.

Vector: Me neither. But it proves that other teams have been here before.

Vector: They were right here, but they ignored all the guns and ammunition and just took all the food.

Vector: Are they planning to starve their rivals to death?

PP-90: You can't possibly be serious.

PP-90: As if anyone could be that underhanded.

PP-90: ...Nobody would do that, right?

Vector: I would very much like to agree with you.

Vector: But the facts are laid out before our eyes, and regardless of what their motives are...

Vector: This is what they have done.

PP-90: I'm really worried we're going to starve to death now...

PP-90: There's no food at all...

Vector: What a pain... Why are player characters designed to get hungry, anyway?

Vector: A Tactical Doll who can't fight without eating?

Vector: That makes us no better than regular human soldiers...

PP-90: It can't be helped, it's just how the game works.

PP-90: Also, this experience is kind of new.

PP-90: Let's keep looking.

Vector: ...If, and I'm just saying if, PP-90.

Vector: If we really can't find any supplies...

PP-90: ...Don't be silly, you're the leader!

PP-90: Get a grip!

Vector: So I'm a team leader who puts her team members at risk of starvation...

PP-90: That's not your fault!

PP-90: Oh, right! R93! Why don't you contact them and see how things are?

Vector: I... Yes, I should talk to them.

Vector: They might have supplies on their side.

Click—

R93: Hello? Vivi? What's wrong?

Vector: It's an emergency, R93.

Vector: Do you have any food with you?

R93: Food? Sure we do. We're all very full. Practically stuffed, in fact.

PP-90: Being overstuffed isn't a good thing... She should rephrase it.

K5: We're still collecting supplies on our end, but most of it is ammo.

K5: We basically eat all the food we find on the spot.

K5: Seeing your temperature or hunger gauge drop feels really bad, even if it's only a little.

R93: Seeing a full stat bar is as comforting as looking at a 100% charged battery...

K5: That's it for us. How are things on your end?

Vector: ...Is that so? I see.

Vector: We'll think of something for ourselves, then.

Vector: See you later, Queen Marie.

R93: What? Wait a—

Click—

The transmission ends.

Vector: ...

PP-90: ...

Vector: We're pretty much at our limit.

Vector: What about that food from earlier?

PP-90: Actually...

Vector: ...There's only one can of food, right?

PP-90: Yeah...

Vector: ...

Vector: Well, there's no time, PP-90.

Vector: Go ahead and have it.

PP-90: What...!

PP-90: What are you saying, Vivi?!

PP-90: You want me to abandon you?!

Vector: This is my responsibility as team leader!

PP-90: That's nonsense!

Ka-chak—!

Vector suddenly raises her gun.

Vector: This is an order, PP-90.

Vector: I'm the leader.

PP-90: ...!

PP-90: ...Even so, I refuse.

PP-90 returns Vector's gaze, unwilling to back down. She even goes as far as to rest her forehead against the muzzle of Vector's gun.

Vector: ...

PP-90: ...

The air seems to freeze solid around the two of them. Neither is willing to back down, and they remain at an impasse.

ISAC: Warning. Agent is suffering from starvation.

At least, until ISAC's notification breaks the stalemate.

Vector: You heard him. We're out of time.

PP-90: I did, which is why you should hurry up and eat.

Vector: I can't. It's my fault we ended up like this...

Vector: If I had realized the importance of food earlier, we wouldn't have ended up in this state.

Vector: I need to take responsibility for it.

PP-90: ...Don't be silly.

PP-90: I joined this squad because of you, Vivi.

PP-90: I have no objections or complaints about your leadership.

PP-90: And besides, between the two of us, you've got a better chance of winning this thing, right?

Vector: I...!

PP-90: Vivi. Stop making a fuss.

PP-90 sighs, then gently pushes away the muzzle of Vector's gun.

PP-90: You want to play the hero, and I can't do anything about that.

PP-90: That's because it's just the way you are.

PP-90: Put nicely, you could call it a fierce sense of duty, but in a not-so-nice way, it's a form of martyr complex.

Vector: ...What do you mean?

PP-90: I know, Vivi. You think this is just a game, right?

PP-90: The Commander gave you a mission, but you never really wanted to win.

Vector: That...that's not true.

Vector: Why do you say that? Do I look like I'm slacking off?

PP-90: No, but I'm sure you could do better if you wanted, Vivi.

Vector: How do you...

PP-90: I know what I'm saying is going to put more pressure on you.

PP-90: But I...I really want to win!

PP-90: I want to win the prize! I want money, both for the Commander and myself!

PP-90: It's been...so long since the dorms were last renovated.

Vector: PP-90...

ISAC: Warning. Agent is suffering from starvation.

ISAC's warnings are coming more and more frequently. They both know that they're close to their limit.

PP-90 slowly walks up to Vector, then takes out the only remaining ration can from her backpack.

PP-90: You must survive until the end, for my sake.

Vector: PP-90, you...!

Vector stares at PP-90, and the words she wants to say lodge in her throat, like she's contracted some kind of illness.

PP-90: Remember, I want a renovated dorm—

System: X Not A Wig They're Drills died of hunger.

Vector: —!!

Vector reaches out desperately, but PP-90's body, which has been right in front of her just moments ago, evaporates into a pillar of light

Her hands flail wildly, but the only thing they grasp is the empty air.

Vector: ...You idiot...

Vector slumps weakly to the ground. All that remains in front of her is the item pickup light, which is as bright as ever.

The last can of food remains where PP-90 left it, in front of her.

Vector: No... I'm the idiot.

Vector picks up the ration can. PP-90's voice still echoes in her ears.

She stares at the can, still utterly stunned.

...To think that this tiny can was what had landed the both of them in this predicament.

They...they had been talking normally just a moment ago.

And in the end, for such a laughably trivial reason—!

Vector: —!!

Vector: P—P—9—0—!

ISAC: Warning. Agent is suffering from starvation.

After letting her balled-up fists fall weakly to the ground, Vector gulps down the contents of the can through gritted teeth.

ISAC: Agent is no longer in a state of hunger.

Vector: ...Watch me.

Vector: ...I WILL survive, until the very end.

She wipes the corner of her mouth, and her eyes flash with steely determination.

...It's time to move out.

...

0006 hours, in the Lincoln Tunnel.

In another corner, after Gr G11 has frozen to death.

UMP45: ...

416: ...

UMP9: ...Ow hot!

UMP9: 45! Don't push the coals at me!

UMP45: Well, this is funny. To think Dolls have fallen to the point where they can't take action without external warmth.

UMP45: If the engineers at the factory knew this, would they cry?

416: ...That's enough, my head aches.

416: I would never have imagined that Gr G11 would die because of such a stupid reason.

UMP9: Haha, well, I think this sensation is quite interesting.

UMP9: Are we more human now?

UMP9: We're not just imitating them, but actually warming ourselves to stay alive!

UMP9: I used to work with humans, and they kept saying that Dolls didn't need to stay warm, so they wouldn't even give me a blanket!

416: They were right.

416: What would you even do with a blanket? It's not like Dolls need to sleep.

UMP9: I know, which is why I said this was a novel experience~

UMP9: But if we're really going into this, why do you still eat anyway?

416: I was a military Doll, and when I was in service I had to pay attention to how I interacted with human soldiers.

416: It would be counterproductive if I triggered the uncanny valley effect in humans under high stress and caused them to attack me.

416: Also, food can substitute for power to a certain extent. The conversion efficiency isn't too high, but it works for emergencies.

UMP9: Ehhh... That's a rational but boring answer.

UMP9: Civilian Dolls were made just to live with humans, with all other functions being of secondary importance.

UMP9: But I guess they're fundamentally all the same?

UMP45: That's a very dangerous thought to have, 9.

UMP45: Don't think about these things, they'll make your neural cloud go weird.

UMP45: Do you want to end up like those S.F. lunatics?

UMP9: Eek... Don't scare me like that, 45!

UMP9: How could it be so bad, I simply thought it felt very new.

UMP9: You see, I never even considered what it's like to feel cold or hungry!

UMP9: But now, these sensations are actually having an effect on us.

UMP9: It's really fun!

UMP45: This game's simulated environment is a far cry from real life.

UMP45: The way it forces you to keep these elements in mind is also to enforce limitations which encourage taking tactical courses of action.

UMP45: Granted, it's an old and busted antique, but a surprising amount of thought went into its design.

UMP45: I guess I could spare some time to indulge in it.

416: So what do you plan to do now?

416: I've never played a game like this before.

416: It's obviously different from combat simulations too.

416: Plus, all these data don't take our actual situation into account. What a pain.

UMP45: What do I want to do, you ask? My plan is to survive to the end and win the prize. Did you even have to ask?

UMP45: Spare a thought for your team leader here, who has to support an entire family by herself.

UMP45: As for the game's difficulty and its modes...

UMP45: Well, it's a game made for humans, so comparing it to sim training would be too harsh.

UMP45: Still, there are benefits to this. Our chances of winning are very high in games with programmed limits like this.

416: I'd advise you not to take it too lightly... There's no telling what might happen in an unknown realm.

416: Also, who knows how many people like you there might be in store.

UMP45: You don't need to worry about that.

UMP45: I want to emphasize this again - our course is decided now that Gr G11 is dead.

UMP45: There are a total of 24 players in this game, so only an idiot would give herself 23 opponents.

UMP45: All we need to do is deal with the last one, got it?

416: Understood. Isn't that pretty much what I said, though?

416: I've always preferred guerrilla tactics to direct confrontations.

416: Since Gr G11 can't log in again, that's all we can do.

UMP9: This has always been our forte, after all.

UMP9: There's no honor in ambushing enemies, but it's super effective!

416: All your decency must have rotted away for you to take such shameless pride in this sort of thing.

416: Also, 45's tactic may be underhanded, but it is more than just ambushing and sabotaging our rivals.

416: The key is to sit back and reap the rewards.

UMP9: Ahahaha... I didn't expect you to understand her so well, 416.

UMP45: ...Shhhh.

As the pair banter with each other, UMP45 suddenly freezes and gestures for the others to keep quiet as well.

UMP9: What's wrong, 45?

416: Quiet... I hear something.

UMP9: ...!

416: 6 o'clock.

416: Roughly 40 meters away.

UMP45: 9, kill the fire.

UMP9: Okay!

The trio reacts swiftly, and after putting out the campfire with snow and ashes, they vanish behind cover in an instant.

As the air grows silent, the sounds from the distance steadily become clearer.

???: ...

???: ...Hic.

Squad 404 Minus 11: ...

SKS: This place is a freaking joke... All these cars and you can't drive a single one of them?

SKS: How the hell is this realistic?!

SKS: And where the hell did those two jerks go? How dare they abandon me!

416: ...

416: Is she drunk?

UMP45: Well, I have to hand it to these Griffin Dolls, they always make their entrance in the most surprising ways.

UMP45: She's been separated from her people for some reason, that much I can tell, but what is she looking for?

After taking a good look at SKS' face, 45's expression grows strange. She chambers a round quietly.

Meanwhile, 416, who's yet to notice 45's bizarre behavior, continues observing the enemy and voicing her observations.

416: Beats me. Sounds like she's looking for a vehicle, perhaps?

416: That said, I've tried them all, the vehicles in this game are just props with no actual functionality.

SKS: ...Bicycles. If it's cycling, does it even count as drunk driving?!

SKS: Bicycles...don't count.

UMP45: ...Don't you think she looks very familiar?

416: Familiar? I do believe I know her, but we've barely ever interacted, have we?

416: I don't think we need to disturb her. Just leave her be, it's too early to launch an attack right now.

416: If I remember correctly, she's part of AK-47's gang, it's not worth it to—

Bang!

UMP45 fires an accurate shot square into SKS' forehead as the latter stumbles around.

A ray of brilliant white light flares up, and the staggering Doll keels over backwards and vanishes into the snow under 416's dumbfounded gaze.

UMP45: ...

The snowflakes drift and the cold wind blows.

System: X aaaa killed Green Mark Vodka.

416: ...What the HELL are you doing?!

416: Weren't you going on and on about how we were supposed to stay hidden and all that?!

UMP45: Ah... Sorry, I did that on reflex. Force of habit, I suppose.

416: Habit my ass!

416: Also, what's this "aaaa" username?

416: Rich of you to say anything about Gr G11 when you're no better than her!

UMP45: I think what she said makes quite a lot of sense.

UMP45: Being killed by someone with a name like this will definitely cause a lot of psychological trauma.

UMP45: Also, nobody will ever guess that it was me.

416: Your allies are the first to suffer psychological trauma!

416: I don't want to be on a team with people called "Pink Nyan Nyan Punch" or "aaaa"!

UMP9: Oh, by the way, my username is "Reina".

416: This is hopeless! This blasted team is a freaking joke!

UMP45: Now, now, why are you making such a scene?

UMP45: Are you trying to draw all the enemies to us?

UMP45: All the melodrama aside, what's YOUR username?

416: ...That's none of your business!

UMP45: It's okay if you don't tell me. We'll find out sooner or later.

UMP45: Still, I just had the strangest feeling. For some reason, the moment I saw her face, I felt like I was back at Griffin's shooting range.

UMP45: Then all of a sudden, my trigger finger started itching like mad.

UMP45: See, it was a pretty good shot, right?

416: ...Cut the crap!

416: It's not like she was a practice drone or anything!

UMP9: Well, what's done is done, so there's no point whining about it.

UMP9: More importantly, her corpse is glowing, so shouldn't we go take a look?

UMP45: What's so special about that? It's not like the corpse is talking or anything.

UMP45: Let's see...

UMP45: Half a bottle of water?

416: I see... So it's an indicator for dropped items, then?

416: I think I saw something like it in the games Gr G11 played. The darker the color, the higher the item level.

UMP45: So what level does white represent?

416: That's the lowest tier.

UMP45: ...Doesn't that mean it's totally useless?

UMP45: What has she been doing the whole time she was in the game?

UMP9: Well, there's nothing else of use here...

UMP9: Forget it, we'd better leave ASAP. It would be bad if someone were drawn by the sound of the gunshot.

416: Are we really not going to take the water?

416: She probably drank it because she thought it was vodka.

UMP45: Nah. It wouldn't be good even if it WAS vodka.

UMP45: It's not beer.

416: ...Let's just take it, it might keep us warm or reduce our hunger.

416: I don't want another teammate to freeze to death.

416: Also, let me get this out of the way first - you'd better not pull this stupid stunt again!

UMP45: Ja, ja, ja... I know, let's just go already.

After a brief discussion, the three of them vanish into the snow like ghosts.
Part 2: Hide Behind the Bushes!

2

...

At the New York Public Library.

Not long after M870's clash with Springfield...

416: Tell me the truth about something.

UMP45: There is no Santa Claus. It was your parents all along.

UMP9: Ehhhhh? Do you have parents, 416?!

416: ...C'mon, I'm being serious.

UMP45: That's a dangerous word to use, 416.

UMP45: Don't forget we're playing a game now.

416: Didn't you say you were serious about winning the prize?

UMP45: Well, I'm not saying I'm going to step aside and let other people have the prize either.

UMP45: But don't go lumping two completely different matters together.

UMP45: So, what were you going to ask?

416: I've just been wondering, do you actually have a concrete plan?

UMP45: We aren't on the battlefield, 416.

UMP45: We know nothing about the setting of this game, or have you been to America before?

UMP45: We see the situation and respond appropriately, we adapt to all challenges and overcome them. That's our specialty, isn't it?

416: Is that why you were lying prone in a grass patch laughing at Squad M870 like a lunatic for almost 20 minutes?

UMP45: But they WERE funny, weren't they? At times like these you should just go along and laugh with me.

UMP45: Oh, there's no need to put on that constipated face of yours. Who are you trying to impress, anyway?

416: I have no idea what you're talking about. It doesn't seem the least bit funny.

UMP45: Either you're very out of touch with your feelings or you're a really good actress.

UMP45: In any case, I really HAVE seen everything now.

UMP45: That lot from Griffin are really good at springing surprises on you.

UMP9: Haha, it's true, and that M870 Doll is quite amusing.

UMP9: She's just chewing up the scenery.

416: ...Springfield's taken good care of us every time we stopped over in Griffin.

416: Don't take it too far.

UMP45: Ja, ja, I know, our Lady 416 is chivalrous to a fault.

UMP45: Is this how noble Dolls are different from us?

416: ELITE Dolls.

416: I've never heard of "noble Dolls" before.

UMP45: Alright, I get it.

UMP45: While there's no way she'd remember us, it's true that she's done us a few good turns in the past.

UMP45: And as you know, I always return others' favors.

UMP45: So, wouldn't it be kind of us to spare them the ruthlessness of this game by ousting them?

UMP9: Aren't you blowing things out of proportion?

UMP9: Neither of them took any losses, did they?

UMP9: I mean, just look at Squad M870 and Squad Springfield.

UMP45: All because 416 did something unnecessary, don't you think?

416: What does that have to do with me? If I hadn't launched the flashbang, their conflict wouldn't have intensified, would it?

416: Everything went your way in the end, right?

UMP45: That's true. Oh my, I suppose it all comes down to Springfield's saintly nature.

416: So now what?

416: What do you plan to do next?

UMP45: Given Springfield's personality, pitting her against other teams would be pointless.

UMP45: Now, M870, on the other hand, makes an excellent target.

UMP45: Even if it's just for the sake of the prize money, we need to eliminate our weaker opponents first.

416: So you're saying we're going to give up on Squad Springfield and guide M870 and her sidekicks instead?

UMP45: Exactly. That'll also be less risky for us.

UMP45: When you compare the two, idiots are easier to manipulate, don't you think?

416: ...No comment.

UMP45: Now, the first thing we have to do is take care of the Griffin HQ Squad~♪

UMP45: They're kind of an eyesore, considering how they're in the way of my prize.

UMP45: 9.

UMP9: Understood~

9 chuckles as she picks up a rock...

A rock comes flying at M870 out of nowhere. Fortunately, she ducks in time, and no harm is done.

M870: Who did that? Who has the balls to assault an officer in broad daylight?!

M870: You, that Doll over there! Was it you?

M870: Yes, you, the one with the silver hair! Hold it right there!

Vector: ...

...

UMP45: Huh, now that was a good throw.

UMP9: Hehe, I've had practice, you know.

UMP9: How is it, how is it? Are they fighting yet?

9 creeps forward to take a look, but 45 shoves her back.

UMP45: Dummkopf, they'll spot you.

416: In any case, they've made contact, but I wouldn't get your hopes up.

416 is right - out of the three people in the distance, M870 is the only agitated one. Meanwhile, VSK-94 and Vector both seem very composed.

416: Looks like both of them are the calm type.

416: I guess you can't count on them to start fights easily, no?

416: After all, there was no proof that Vector threw the stone.

416: She has no legitimate reason to attack Vector.

UMP45: Tsk tsk... How naïve.

UMP45: You think people won't attack each other without a proper reason?

UMP45: If the world were actually so reasonable, there'd be no more wars.

416: Please, not everyone is as rotten as you.

416: Still, sounds to me she's just a bit too into her character as a police officer, don't you think?

UMP45: It's role-play gone mad.

UMP45: In the end, her own characterization tripped her up.

UMP45: So you need to charge someone with a crime if you want to do anything to them? How dumb is that.

UMP9: What now? Looks like they aren't going to fight.

UMP9: Are we really going to let them go just like that?

UMP9: Oh, Vector's leaving.

UMP45: Tsk. Come on, try harder!

M870 suddenly calls out to Vector as the latter is about to leave. However, judging by the dubious looks in VSK-94 and Vector's eyes, she doesn't seem to have figured out what she wants to say yet.

UMP45: I didn't expect her to be so useless.

416: Should we just fire a shot their way?

UMP45: Nah, that would be too obvious.

UMP45: ...Hang on, look at M870.

416: Hm?

...

M870: You are guilty of —

M870: ILLEGAL POSSESSION OF FIREARMS!!!

UMP45: PUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!

416: ...This is gross. She's laughing her ass off but she isn't making a sound.

416: Look at her, she's writhing around like a maggot.

UMP9: Well, we'd be spotted if she actually laughed out loud.

UMP9: Fortunately this game has a team channel.

UMP45: Hah... Oh these Griffin Dolls, are they trying to make me laugh to death and then steal my savings?

UMP45: Illegal possession of firearms... What kind of neural cloud does she have to come up with a joke like that?

UMP45: She could be making more money as a stand-up comedian than wasting time grubbing for money with us.

UMP9: Whoa...

UMP45: What is it, what is it? Did something even funnier happen?

UMP45: Let me see!

UMP9: Well...

UMP9: M870 and VSK-94 are fighting each other.

UMP45: Pffft...ahahahahahaha!!

UMP45: Oh those two, they really are trying to make me laugh to death, aren't they?

416: ...Granted, this whole situation really is quite ridiculous. But if you keep laughing like this, the screws are going to fall out of that patchwork body of yours.

UMP45: I can't stand this anymore... 9, give me a hand, hahaha...

UMP45: It's a shame Gr G11 can't see this, I need to tell her all about it once we're back.

416: Looks like Vector's at a loss too... So what now?

416: In the end, you didn't cause her any trouble at all, did you?

UMP45: That's fine. It's good enough that we got rid of those two clowns.

UMP45: Also... As I recall, there are four people on Squad Vector, right? Where are the other two?

UMP9: I think it was Vector's tactical decision as team leader.

UMP9: They must have split up, with R93 and K5 going the other way.

UMP45: Huh...they're splitting their forces even in these dangerous conditions.

UMP45: Looks like they're pretty confident.

416: Vector is one of the few elites in Griffin.

416: She may look as dull as dishwater, but she's extremely stubborn.

UMP45: What, since when did you become a Griffin Encyclopedia?

UMP45: Or are you one of her fans?

416: I won't dignify that with a reply.

UMP45: Humph... Very stubborn indeed.

UMP45: Then we'll give her a taste of the cruelty of this world.

UMP45: Since the ideal conditions have arisen, it would be a shame not to make use of them.

UMP9: Taking them out one by one, hm? I love it when 45 is being despicable.

UMP45: Who's despicable?

416: Stop strangling your teammate.

416: So, who's first?

UMP45: R93, of course.

UMP45: You said it, didn't you? Vector is one of the few elites in Griffin.

UMP45: I don't plan to take on tasks I know to be difficult.

45 starts humming cheerfully to herself as she turns to head the other way.

416: Humph...

416: She said she was only in it for the money...

416: But in the end she's the most hardcore when it comes to playing the game...

...

416: Seriously...

416: What's the fun in camping like this...
Part 3: Hide Behind the Bug!

    3chevron_right

...

Lexington Avenue.

After the plan to harass R93's team has failed.

UMP45: I didn't expect things to go this way.

UMP45: Not only did we not do any real damage to them...

UMP45: We even ended up losing 9 too. We might as well give up.

416: I agree. Or rather, you came to that conclusion too late.

UMP45: Well, we have to be realistic about it.

UMP45: Their luck is just ridiculous.

416: And now you're pretending you didn't hear me...

416: Are you envious of them?

UMP45: Not in the least.

UMP45: If you start to rely on luck in battle...

UMP45: Then your career as a soldier is over.

UMP45: Might as well go back to the factory or convert yourself for civilian use.

416: After all, everyone's luck runs out eventually...

416: Though in their case, it probably won't be today.

UMP45: I didn't think 9 would die that way.

UMP45: I wonder whose death was funnier, hers or Gr G11's.

416: Well, it's just the two of us now.

UMP45: ...

416: ...What? Got a problem with that?

UMP45: Quite the contrary - I'm practically weeping tears of joy.

UMP45: You're the most useful one of them all.

416: Why, how generous of you.

UMP45: Oh, you're going to come in useful, alright.

416: What?

UMP45: It's nothing.

UMP45: I'm done with this. They can sink or swim for all I care.

UMP45: We don't have much time; according to that NPC, we ought to be entering the Dark Zone now.

UMP45: Let's go.

416: You're giving up so easily...? Well, I suppose that IS your style.

UMP45: It's saved your lives countless times.

UMP45: I'm not a fan of doing something for nothing, you know.

416: Haha.

As the two carry on their conversation, 416 suddenly notices that R93 is now in the middle of the street.

K5 runs over to her and they start chattering about something.

UMP45: Wow, she appeared again. How does that even work?

416: And she avoided an ambush, just like that. Lucky her.

416: ...Wait a minute, look over there.

UMP45: Hm?

45 pokes her head out from behind cover, looking in the direction of the annoyingly lucky pair.

...

R93: Holy... That scared the crap out of me just now. I thought it was some kind of paranormal phenomenon.

K5: Haha, you looked so lame.

R93: Hey! You think this is funny? I thought that was the end for me!

K5: Relax. It turned out alright in the end, didn't it?

K5: At least the enemy's been repelled and we're safe!

K5: Aren't we, Miss Dima?

Dima: Please retain your composure at all times, Agents.

Dima: A cool head is the key to victory.

R93: She's talking like it isn't any of her business... Forget it. I think I just heard an explosion. What happened?

K5: I'm not too sure either. Want to go check it out?

R93: Nah, I don't want to get caught up in troublesome stuff again.

R93: Let's just move along and meet up with Vivi.

R93: She'll nag us if we're late for the rendezvous.

K5: True, that.

K5: I'll contact her.

K5: Vivi... Vivi! Do you read me?

K5: How are things on your end?

Vector: This is Vector, the enemy got away. How about you?

K5: I just rescued R93.

K5: You won't believe how pathetic she looked while being chased by the enemy, it was hilarious!

R93: Shut up! I've had enough bad luck for one day!

Vector: Thank goodness, it seems you're both alright.

Vector: Were you attacked just now? Who was the enemy?

R93: They're long gone, probably because they lost one of their people.

Vector: I see... Was your opponent from Griffin too?

R93: Sorry, I got flashbanged before I could see them...

K5: I did I did! I saw her!

K5: I've never met her at Griffin before, but her silver hair and lime green eyes were very striking!

Vector: Silvery hair and lime green eyes...?

K5: Is something wrong?

Vector: ...

Vector: I think we encountered the same enemy, but it's strange... How did she appear in two different places within such a short time frame..?

Vector: I'm heading over to you ASAP. Be careful.

R93: Don't worry, at least there won't be anyone else coming...

K5: ...R93.

R93: What? I'm still talking to Vivi.

K5: ...Look over there.

R93: ..Wha?!

R93 looks in the direction where K5 is pointing.

A familiar yet unfamiliar figure has snuck up to them.

Vector?: ...

R93: What?!

Bang—

K5: R93!!!

R93: Ehhh?!

Vector: Those gunshots, is it her again?!

K5: Hang on, let me take a look...

K5: Eh?! That...that's... Aaaahhhh!

As Vector(?) reveals herself, R93 and K5 suddenly realize that they have been surrounded by rogue agents.

Vector?: Kill them.

R93: V-Vivi!

Bang—

UMP45: Who are they talking to?

UMP45: Is that... Vector?

416: She looks a bit different...but it's definitely her.

416: She's with the in-game enemies.

416: Something feels wrong about this.

UMP45: It's definitely fishy. Who knows if—

Bang—

Before 45 can even finish, the nearby battle has kicked off with a gunshot.

Like 45 has foretold, R93 and K5's luck finally runs out — within a few seconds, they are swarmed by rogue agents in a corner of the abandoned city.

System: X Hellfire has killed Good Luck Doesn't Last.

System: X Hellfire has killed Philosopher Fairy.

416: Hell...fire?!

416: What the hell is going on?!

Dima: ...The situation is extremely dangerous, Agents.

Dima: Please leave the scene immediately.

Dima: I repeat, Agents! Please leave the scene immediately!

416: Do you know what's going on?

Dima: The enemy is extremely powerful, Agents.

Dima: Do not clash with her. While she hasn't noticed you yet...

Dima: Head to the Dark Zone right away!

UMP45: A very practical proposition.

UMP45: Leaving that weirdo aside, that huge pack of mobs around her is enough to get rid of us.

UMP45: Looks like no amount of luck would be enough to deal with them...

45's voice suddenly trails off. She looks at 416 with a shifty gaze. There's no telling what she has in mind.

416: ...What's with that weird look?

UMP45: You must be mistaken.

UMP45: Or am I being too excited, perhaps?

UMP45: There's something I've wanted to try for a long time now. Looks like I might just get to experience it today.

416: Experience?

416: Look here—

ISAC: Warning! Major threat approaching!

Boom—!

416's question is interrupted by an explosion. The shockwave sweeps them up and sends them rolling several meters before coming to a halt amidst handfuls of loose gravel.

416: (Coughs heavily)

416: W-what the hell was that?

UMP45: Hey! On your feet!

A note of panic creeps into 45's voice, and a gunshot brings down the shadowy figure behind 416.

Rogue agents have started surrounding them at some point.

Among them, their imposing leader looks at 45 and 416 with palpable disdain and menace.

Hellfire: Found you...

416: Tsk! We've been spotted!

416: Gott verdammt... We're totally outclassed here.

UMP45: Not just that, she's incredibly vicious too.

UMP45: Are you sure this is Vector?

416: Not anymore.

416: Her combat tactics aren't Griffin's style.

416: And look at her. Something's definitely off about her.

UMP45: Good point.

UMP45: At this rate, we might not even be able to escape.

UMP45: ...Right?

416: ...Why are you grabbing that stun grenade?

UMP45: It's been fun partnering with you, 416.

UMP45: I think I'll treasure the time we spent together.

416: What are you talking about?!

Hellfire: !!

BOOM—!!

Whum— whum—

The "immobilized" debuff icon appears over 416's head thanks to the stun grenade. For a moment, she has lost all ability to react to her surroundings.

416: Scheiße! What the hell was that, UMP45!

UMP45: Oho, mad enough to call me by my full name?

UMP45: I've always wanted to say a villainous line like that.

UMP45: Besides, it's just a game, right? Don't take it to heart.

As white noise fills 416's ears, 45's voice gradually fades away.

416: Stop screwing around! Hey! Get back here!

Whum—

Hellfire: ...So one of them escaped?

Hellfire: No matter. Only one sinner will bleed tonight.

By the time her vision is restored, all 416 can see are Hellfire and the rogue agents.

Hellfire: ...Judgment is nigh.

416: ...What is this gibberish?!

416: I'm not fitted with translation software!

BOOM!

416: You've got to be kidding me!! Don't think I'll let this slide! 45, you bitch!!

Bang bang—!

The moment the stun debuff wears off, 416 realizes that she won't be able to escape Hellfire unscathed and resolves to fight.

Though this was not her original decision, the old habits from when she was a professional elite Doll are deeply ingrained in her.

She reacts swiftly, dispensing a hail of blinding gunfire from her weapon's chamber, and in moments she has pulled away from Hellfire.

416: I knew it... This isn't Vector!

416: Is she another Doll of the same model?

416: Hey! Do you know anything about this?!

Dima: Do not engage!

Dima: I repeat! Withdraw swiftly—

416: Cut the crap! I'd disengage if I could!

Boom!

416: (Grunts) Tsk! Forget it!

416: Now's not the time to be distracted, there's way too many of them here!

Fortunately, being accustomed to working from the shadows, 416 is highly proficient in the use of cover.

Besides, there's something else that works very much to her advantage...

This game doesn't have a terrain destruction system, so to some extent, what seems to be flimsy cover is actually completely invincible.

416: This wall would have gone down long ago if this were real life.

416: Fortunately, I can play some hide-and-seek with them thanks to it!

Rogue Agent: !

416: Go to hell!

Bangbangbang—!!

The rogue agents around Hellfire aren't very skilled, and to 416 they are nothing but amateurs.

The only thing about them that worries her is their numbers.

Hellfire: ...

The enemy that resembles Vector has extraordinary abilities, but it's obvious that she lacks the ability to think tactically and on the fly.

This greatly puzzles 416.

416: What the hell is that...?

416: Why does it look like Vector?

It's practically impossible to face such numerous foes with the amount of ammunition she is carrying.

However, escaping also proves difficult. "Vector" is very persistent and 416 is finding it impossible to withdraw in one piece.

416: ...What's this?

As she runs to evade Vector's knock-off, 416 finds herself coming across the corpses of R93's two-man team.

As she sees R93's body, a memory of what happened not long before flashes through her mind.

416: ...I have it.

416: This just might work.

After checking the two pillars of light, 416 grabs the items she needs, then repositions herself behind another piece of cover, while also taking the chance to return fire in order to thin out the enemy's numbers.

Step—

Hellfire: You're struggling in vain...

Hellfire: The star of death is engraved in your destiny.

416: Sorry about that, but trampling destiny underfoot is my motto!

416: I'll have to take a gamble here.

416: Don't screw with me now—

Bang bang—

The sound of brass casings tinkle crisply throughout the battlefield while 416's muzzle flashes more and more rapidly.

Hellfire: ...Tsk.

The rogue agents' offensive actually falters for a moment under 416's ferocious counterattack.

Hellfire might be the leader of this enemy force, but she doesn't seem inclined to give any orders.

...

416's torrent of firepower can only lasts for so long. For a moment, all noise is suspended. The abandoned city is shrouded in deathly silence.

Hellfire: ...Advance.

Vision is already poor because of the bad weather, but it's even harder to discern the details of the environment amidst the dust and smoke.

Even Hellfire and the other enemies are susceptible to this impediment.

Apart from the footsteps of the searching forces, there is no sound, not even that of breathing, on this silent battlefield.

...Something is not quite right.

Hellfire: ...

Hellfire stops moving, but the rogue agents around her continue forward.

She looks up, and her cold gaze sweeps the obstacles in the distance before it settles on a section of ruined wall.

She raises her gun, and the other agents, taking that as an instruction, all make a beeline for that location. Naturally, they are peering through their scopes, fully focused in their combat stance.

—Checkmate.

—Click!

Hellfire: !

416: Don't look down on me—!!!

Boom—!

As the battlefield holds its breath, an explosion goes off under the feet of the rogue agents!

Before they even realize 416 is speaking from behind them, more explosions go off, one after the other.

Boom!

Boom!!

BOOM!!!

—It's a booby trap!

Hellfire: ...!

Hellfire's gaze seems to be asking, "How did you appear from behind me?"

Clang!

416 gives Hellfire neither an answer nor the chance to react. The blade of her knife slashes upward, carving a vicious wound onto Hellfire's arm.

416: If you want to blame someone for this, blame 45.

With that, a cold gun muzzle is pressed against Hellfire's forehead.

Hellfire: ...

Hellfire looks at 416, whose breathing is slightly erratic. Despite being so obviously overpowered, her expression remains unchanged.

She returns 416's gaze haughtily...

Though 416 can't fathom what justifies such insolence.

—Whoosh!

—Bang!

Before Hellfire can raise her savage-looking flamethrower...

416 has already ruthlessly put a bullet through her forehead.

Pzzt... Pzzzzzt....

416: What—?!

However, 416's foe did not collapse like she expected.

Hellfire's body suddenly twists and warps like the image on a damaged videotape.

Hellfire: ...

Hellfire: ...Congratulations, 416.

Hellfire: But blood...will be paid in blood.

Pzzzzt—

A dazzling light flares. 416 instinctively closes her eyes, and by the time she can see again...

Hellfire is already gone.

416: ...What the hell?

416 carefully surveys her surroundings. Her sense of unease lingers.

It is only when she is certain that there is no sign of Hellfire pressing a counterattack that she finally relaxes.

416: Good thing what happened to R93 wasn't a fluke. Otherwise I honestly have no idea what I could have done.

As 416 catches her breath, the remaining enemies start to regroup.

Even without their leader, they are still functional, and they soon redirect their attention to 416.

416: Tsk... Never mind, time to split!

But then she frowns in confusion.

416: Wait, what was that again?

416: She said my name, didn't she? Does she know me?

416: This whole situation is really fishy...

...

416: ...Well, I won't be finding any answers here.

416: Let's move on.

