Anna: Shh...

Anna: Hey, look over here.

Anna: Hey! How's this for an entrance?

Anna: The game's already begun, and while you don't need to worry about first impressions, you still need to put your best foot forward with the players.

Anna: Alright, I know you don't quite understand what's going on, so let me explain to you.

Anna: The story that's going to unfold will have nothing to do with your memories.

Anna: You will be appearing in a bizarre and brand new world, and both the identities of you and your friends and your relationships with them won't be quite the same as you remember.

Anna: You will even make a few new friends, namely those Griffin Dolls.

Anna: You may end up going on a mysterious adventure together, and you may even end up getting into great danger.

Anna: But like I said before, 90% of life lies in how you react to it!

Anna: So what is the bright side of this? I'm not sure myself. Perhaps it'll fall into your lap as long as you maintain your focus?

Anna: Good luck, Julianne and Jo.

Anna: ...And good luck to this world.

……

Gr MP5: Are we...there yet?

MP-446: Hehe, you scared, Gr MP5?

MP-446: Let's keep moving. Our tour guide is still waiting for us up ahead.

Gr MP5: It's too dark here, and it's all ruins. I wonder what happened here in the past...

MP-446: Ahhhh, our tour guide already said that nobody's been here for a long time.

MP-446: Besides, you have nothing to worry about with me here-

MP-446: Uwah!!

MP-446: Flashlight... Where's the flashlight...?

...MP-446 turns on the flashlight with trembling fingers.

MP-446: What the heck, you scared the crap out of me. They're just the bones of the natives. I thought it'd be the wreckage of a S.F. Dinergate again.

Gr MP5: Viking...

Gr MP5: The truth is, you're actually scared of the dark too...am I right?

MP-446: A-As if! How could anyone live in Griffin City if they were scared of the dark?

MP-446: I'm...I'm just worried that I might not have enough power. After all, I was only at 79% charge when we set out...

MP-446: In any case, I'm not afraid of being caught and made to push sand around as long as I can escape that boring protest.

Gr MP5: We should have gone somewhere safer, like the Statue of Liberty or the Pyramids...

MP-446: Tch, what's so interesting about those hunks of rocks? The Pyramids don't even have electricity!

MP-446: Just hang on for a bit more, Gr MP5. This is an adventure that only we can complete!

MP-446: And I trust in our tour guide; she's one of the coolest natives of Griffin City!

???: Thank you, though I'd prefer to be called an explorer.

???: Ladies, I'm certain the way ahead is very safe. Nobody's come this way for at least three years.

Gr MP5: Three years... As I thought, it was all since "that time"...

???: Yes, my adorable little Dolls.

???: If you had subscribed to "The Augmented Eye", you would have seen all kinds of nonsense about the end of the world, and what lies ahead of you is the little bit of truth that they contained.

MP-446: Yeah, yeah, I'm looking forward to it! I'm going to scan all of this afterwards and tell all my friends in Griffin City!

Gr MP5: I'm just a little afraid that S.F. might actually show up here. I've seen the martial law imposed over the surrounding areas…

???: I think you wouldn't even be able to find them if you wanted to. Alright, you two, hang on a bit, I'm firing up the authentication system.

...Beep.

The electronic door opens.

MP-446: You can actually authenticate without an electronic module?

???: I know Dolls don't take history lessons on the natives, so allow me to remind you that before the end of human civilization, our kind possessed superior security access.

Gr MP5: I'm sorry... I still don't understand the phrase "human civilization". It sounds just like..."meat-eating giraffe" to me...

MP-446: That's why I prefer to stick with how The Augmented Eye calls it.

MP-446: Humans were the slaves of an alien civilization, and the only purpose for their existence was to create all kinds of wonders upon this spherical water garden for their masters, as well as us.

Gr MP5: The only section of The Augmented Eye worth reading now is the one about prehistoric animals.

Gr MP5: The topic about cougars last week covered the difficulties of life for the older women among the natives. It was pretty interesting.

Gr MP5: Ah, sorry, you don't like us addressing you as a "native", do you, Miss Tour Guide?

???: Why would I mind? It's the truth.

MP-446: A lot of the original residents don't like being called that, because in the past, humans burned the homes of the natives here and stole their land.

???: Those are the actions of civilized men. Fortunately, human civilization has long since died out.

???: However, if you want to go somewhere else next time and want to contact me, you might do well to remember my name. Look.

Gr MP5: Uh...this isn't your tour guide pass, is it?

???: Of course not, it's a medal from my wrestling days.

Gr MP5: Wait a minute! Are you THE Dana Zane!?

Gr MP5: As in, the Red Comet that defeated Mk48 in the Grand Slam!

MP-446: Hehe, I told you, didn't I? She's the coolest native of Griffin City!

Dana: Dana will do. The rest is just my job code. Unlike you guys, I don't make the weapon I wield a part of my name.

Dana: Alright, we're almost there!

Dana: Look closely, you two! What you're about to see is the final miracle of human civilization-

Dana: The— Earth— Computer—!

Dana: —Well, what's left of it.

Gr MP5: Wow...

Gr MP5: ...

Gr MP5: But...I don't see anything other than a pile of electronic debris...

MP-446: This place is really beat up. What on earth happened here? All I can see is signs of devastation...

MP-446: Wait a minute, these scratches...they were left by S.F.!

Gr MP5: What?

Gr MP5: Ah! Wait, that electronic debris! It's S.F. wreckage, isn't it!?

MP-446: What—!

MP-446: Eh!? You guys...did you hear something?

...Tap, tap, tap.

Footsteps echo through the empty room.

Gr MP5: Uuuu! Vi-Viking—

MP-446: Ah!? Wh-What is it?

Gr MP5: I hear something... It's coming from somewhere...

Gr MP5: Don't tell me...it's Sangvis Ferri...

Gr MP5: Those... electronic monsters that love to eat humans and Dolls...

Dana: Have the rumors already become so exaggerated?

MP-446: Shh — By the cables! Over there—

MP-446: Is that its shadow?

Gr MP5: I-It's a really big shadow...

Dana: ...It just looks big because of the light behind it…

???: Uuuuuuuurrrrghhhh—!!

Gr MP5: AIIIIEEEE!

Gr MP5: Keep away from meeeeeeee!

MP-446: Uwaaaahhhh! Gr MP5, W-Wait for me—!

Gr MP5 & MP-446: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Dana: The Core Elevator's on the right! It runs directly from the East Asian continent to Venezuela! I'll find you and settle the rest of the bill and tips later!

...After watching the two Dolls scream as they vanish into the distance, Dana turns around.

Dana: So, who the hell are you guys?

Dana: I haven't fought S.F. in a long time. Hopefully I won't have to face too many at once.

???: Uuuuuurgh-

Dana: Hopefully there won't be more than ten of you, otherwise I'll have to get serious.

...The suspicious shadow slowly comes into view.

Super-Shorty: Batteries...

Dana: Huh?

Super-Shorty: Give me... batteries...

...Thump!

A frail Doll collapses in front of Dana.

...

Ten minutes later.

Super-Shorty: Ugh...

Dana: Are you awake?

Super-Shorty: Where... am I?

Dana: You're on my back, and I'm in the Core Elevator. We just passed the granite layer and we'll be reaching the surface soon.

Super-Shorty: What...happened?

Dana: Beats me. You crawled out of the ruins of the Earth Computer and scared my two customers away.

Super-Shorty: Why...can't I move?

Dana: That's because you're out of power. I need to carry you out of here to get some sun.

Super-Shorty: Er...

Super-Shorty: Then...who are you...?

Dana: Dana Zane, native of Earth, female, aged 17. Today, I'm a tour guide for prehistoric relics.

Super-Shorty: 17? You look...

Dana: Allow me to rephrase that, my age is 17 plus a number that would make me gouge your neural cloud out to make soup with if you knew it.

Super-Shorty: Er...then...I have another question...

Super-Shorty: Who am I?

Dana: You don't remember?

Dana: Maybe your memory module went into emergency sleep mode because you were low on power.

Dana: Once you get a nice big helping of sunshine on the beach, you'll have lots of time to think over it.

...Ding!

System: You have reached the surface of the Northern Hemisphere. Please ensure you have all your personal belongings and weapons.

...

Dana puts down the Doll on her back.

Super-Shorty: Why is there sand everywhere?

Dana: It's a long story. Do you remember anything now?

Super-Shorty: ...

...Super-Shorty grabs a handful of sand from the ground, then watches it slip through her fingers.

Super-Shorty: It's not like sand...

Super-Shorty: What is this...

Dana: Hey, darling, who are you? Why were you hiding in the Earth Computer room?

Super-Shorty: I...

Super-Shorty: I still can't remember anything.

Dana: Right. Looks like you've laid there for three years and the environment ate away at your neural cloud.

Dana: But no need to worry, I'll give you an answer. You should be Super-Shorty.

Super-Shorty: ...What?

Super-Shorty: D-Don't call me short!

Dana: Ah, sorry, I was talking about your name - Super-Shorty.

Dana: I took a look at the weapon in your hands, the one which you were holding onto all this while. Aren't all Griffin Dolls named after weapons?

Super-Shorty: Perhaps... I don't like this name very much, but at the very least, this weapon feels...very familiar.

Dana: That was the purpose for your creation. Do you remember?

Super-Shorty: I...yes, I do remember.

Super-Shorty: I'm a Griffin Doll, and everyone addressed us by the name of our weapon.

Super-Shorty: Therefore, my name is Super-Shorty. I am a Tactical Doll made to protect humanity.

Dana: Protect humanity? I'm guessing your memories regressed all the way back to your factory default.

...Just then, the sound of an engine roaring in the distance is heard.

Super-Shorty: Something's coming.

Dana: It's the sound of the White Knight mechanized units. We can't stay around here, come with me.

Super-Shorty: Who are the White Knights?

Dana: They're Griffin City's police force. They include Dolls and humans among them, but most of them are made of emotionless machines.

Dana: Considering the present state of the world, it's easier to think of them as the "world police".

Super-Shorty: Then why do we have to run?

Dana: You really are a good girl, aren't you?

Dana: Dolls that take in too much sunshine become lazy and no longer wish to return to Griffin City to partake in entertainment activities. They grow to hate social interactions, and their neural clouds close themselves off from everyone.

Dana: Therefore, the White Knights periodically search this stretch of the desert, and if your battery charge is greater than 80%, then I'm terribly sorry, you'll have to burn it off through forced labor.

Super-Shorty: I'm not interested in entertainment. Don't tell me that's illegal too?

Dana: Those are the rules set by the Prime Minister. Griffin City doesn't need people who can't face the end of the world with a smile.

Super-Shorty: Then what should we do?

Super-Shorty: I may have broken the law without knowing it, but that doesn't mean I can just run off, can I?

Dana: Sorry, but you don't get to make the call.

Super-Shorty: What—

Super-Shorty: Eh!?

...Dana scoops up Super-Shorty and dumps her into a nearby car.

Dana: Hold on, shorty. I'm going to show you around and get you familiar with this world while we avoid those White Knights.

Super-Shorty: We're breaking the law, Miss Dana Zane!

Super-Shorty: Humanity won't condone a Doll breaking the law, apart from you!

Dana: We're just logically evading the illogical parts of this world.

Dana: Not to mention, most of humanity won't mind either, as they're all extinct anyway.

…Ten minutes later, Dana's car races over the desert, carrying Super-Shorty.

Dana: Hey. How are you feeling now, shorty?

Super-Shorty: Don't call me shorty!

Super-Shorty: Honestly...did you just say humanity is extinct?

Most of us are gone, along with our civilization.

Super-Shorty: I don't get it...what happened?

Dana: It's not important. It already happened a few centuries ago.

Dana: According to the history that the Dolls voted on, it was in the year 3029. A group of higher-ups in the environmentalist movement decided to categorize herbivore animals as citizens...

Dana: After that, several elephants transmitted an experimental virus to mankind in a religious carnival, and they mutated...

Super-Shorty: Human civilization...was destroyed by elephants?

Dana: No, I heard that the human rights organizations back then refused to cleanse the zombie infectees that were born from the virus, and even insisted on giving them voting rights because they were a majority.

Dana: And then five years later, during a joint military exercise, the First Lady of the opposition wore perfume that the zombies were allergic to, and then there was a world war, and then...

Dana: (Shrugs) Who knows? We don't even know which year was 3029.

Super-Shorty: I don't know what to say, Miss Dana. I'm terribly sorry.

Dana: Save it. Did we ever tried to comfort the mammoths or the glyptodonts? —Hell no. We even drove the dodos to extinction with our own hands.

Dana: Laugh if you want. It's your era now.

Super-Shorty: I won't laugh. I'm not a human like you!

Super-Shorty: It's just that I'm not sure how much history I've missed...

Super-Shorty: Weren't humans supposed to be the ruling lifeforms of Earth? You used to be able to do whatever you wanted.

Dana: Not anymore. Of the 300,000 users currently registered in Griffin City, humans only make up about 1% of them.

Dana: We're nothing more than the so-called natives. We're no longer the owners of this land.

Super-Shorty: What about the remaining 99%?

Dana: They're Griffin Dolls like you. They're everywhere. There's also a few androids, like the Lilim and whatnot.

Super-Shorty: How could Griffin Dolls have survived so long with such poor interaction efficiency?

Super-Shorty: We can't even organize a picnic without humans.

Dana: Many years ago, the Earth Computer appointed a Lilim as the Prime Minister in order to improve the dull living environment. The reasoning being that Lilims have superior processors than Dolls and possess a thought capability comparable to human beings.

Dana: In truth, she did keep our city running, but only with regard to entertainment activities. She left everything else to the White Knights.

Dana: At first, everyone felt that this was pretty good, because the White Knights were more than enough to ensure security, so everyone didn't need to do much more than get drunk out of their minds in Griffin City every day.

Dana: But after the Earth Computer went missing, a lot of terrible things happened and the Prime Minister didn't have any constructive plans to rectify the situation...

Super-Shorty: The Earth Computer?

Dana: Yup. Before my great-great-great-great-great-to-the-nth-power ancestors offed themselves, they built the Earth Computer.

Dana: It was used to manage and carry out the various processes of Earth...such as its magnetic field, the ocean currents, the day and night cycle, and of course, the weather.

Super-Shorty: That sounds insane... Logically speaking, that thing should have destroyed the world by now.

Dana: Perhaps. But after they invented that computer, the entire Earth was under the full control of mankind.

Dana: They could make it sunny if they wanted, make it rain if they wanted, they could go to Sagittarius to watch a meteor shower and come back if they wanted. It was trivial for them.

Dana: Even after our civilization went extinct, the Earth Computer could continue operating on its own, so the Dolls of Griffin City have ruled Earth for a very long time.

Super-Shorty: But if that were the case, then why are there deserts everywhere on the surface? I don't see...anything else.

Dana: I should be asking you that question, but unfortunately you've lost your memories.

Dana: The Earth Computer went missing three years ago. It was supposed to be in the place where I found you ten minutes ago. And then a whole mess of problems happened to Earth.

Dana: For starters, Earth couldn't move anymore, both in its orbit and its own natural rotation. All it could do was stay still in space like a balloon stuck against the ceiling, haha.

Super-Shorty: How could you laugh about this... Still, shouldn't Earth have been doomed a long time ago?

Super-Shorty: Forget it, my knowledge base doesn't seem too applicable here...

Dana: Who cares? We survived, at the very least, but that was only the beginning of our problems.

Dana: The next day, the sky started to rain sand, at 8 AM on the 10th of every month, over the Northern Hemisphere. Then the sands spread all over the globe.

Dana: Over these three years, 90% of Earth's surface became covered in sand.

Dana: Even for the Dolls the world became inhospitable, so all they could do was pop out to get some sun every now and then. Sometimes they would get buried by the sand rains, so they'd have to ask the Valkyries to dig them out.

Super-Shorty: But you don't look worried at all. If this keeps up, it really will be the end of the world.

Dana: It's not like we can do anything about it. Besides, it'll take a few more years before the Southern Hemisphere is completely buried, and nobody's trying to find a solution; they're all too busy enjoying the entertainment.

Dana: The Dolls now spend their days partying in Griffin City on the Southern Hemisphere, then charging themselves in the sun in the deserts of the Northern Hemisphere, and the Dolls with too much battery charge are tasked with pushing the sand into the sea.

Super-Shorty: Hmph. If I were Prime Minister, I'd think of some way to solve this problem.

Dana: I'm sure there are people that think the same way as you do. After all, there are hundreds of thousands of thinkers in this world that haven't been buried by the sands yet.

Dana: However, the sand's been piling up outside Griffin City over the past few months, and people have started to protest our Prime Minister's lack of action.

Super-Shorty: It's too late now. They shouldn't have entrusted their destinies to a computer and an entertainment robot.

Super-Shorty: It's no wonder I didn't see anyone in the desert...

Dana: You won't find anyone out here except the White Knights, but—

Dana: Wait...

Dana: Do you hear the sound of engines?

Super-Shorty: To our 7.

Super-Shorty: ...There's more than one sound, and from different models.

Jericho: Architect of Sangvis Ferri Manufacture, you have nowhere to run. Cease your resistance immediately!

Architect: Haha, are you really putting the pedal to the metal!?

Architect: You won't catch up with me at this rate! Come on, try harder!

Dana: Hah! I didn't think we'd be so lucky!

Dana: Those White Knights weren't here to catch us, but to pursue that S.F. Doll! Hold on tight, I'm going to speed up!

Super-Shorty: Eh? S.F.?

Super-Shorty: ...I still have a few fragments of my memories remaining, and I have the feeling that I don't like them!

Dana: Nobody likes them. S.F. Dolls have always been the public enemy of the entire world. They specialize in attacking Griffin Dolls and humans without any rhyme or reason.

Dana: However, their time had ended since the global sand rains began three years ago.

Dana: Right now, there's only one S.F. ringleader Doll left by the name of Architect. She's the worst thing in the world apart from the sand!

Super-Shorty: That makes her pretty dangerous, doesn't it!? Then why are you so happy?

Dana: Is there anything more enjoyable than being able to agreeably and logically (though not too legally) take out the last bad guy in the entire world?

Super-Shorty: I think you're insane to fight with the city's police for a criminal!

Super-Shorty: Dana, I don't remember anything, but I don't like this!

Dana: I really hope you weren't a White Knight before you lost your memories. Hold on tight, we're charging in at full speed!

Super-Shorty: Ahhhhhhhh!

Super-Shorty: Hey! This speed — you must've modified this car, didn't you!?

Architect: Oh my, did a new player join us?

Dana: I'm an old friend, Architect.

Architect: I still remember you. Going for round two?

Dana: Gladly, but those mooks of yours are really annoying.

Architect: You brought a little helper of yours too! Look at her size, she's pretty cute!

Super-Shorty: Don't call me short!

Architect: Come on, let's do this fair and square! The winner takes their opponent's life!

Architect: I should remind you that natives only live once, so please drive safely, okay?

Architect: Let the games begin! Come on, come on! Ahahahahahaha—!
Part 2

2

...The chase continues, with Dana and Architect's cars neck to neck. The White Knights are behind them.

Super-Shorty: Dana! Ahead of you! It's a cliff!

Architect: Hehe, you just won't let me go, will you?

Dana: Of course, you're my final prey — Can you hold on tighter, shorty?

Super-Shorty: What what what what what are you going to do!?

Dana: Exactly what you have in mind! That's right, you guessed it!

Super-Shorty: I told you there's a cliff up ahead! Are you insane!?

Dana: You're a Doll, so what if you get broken in the fall?

Super-Shorty: I'm worried about YOU! Who's going to get me out of here after this!?

Dana: Don't worry, I know what I'm doing! Hang on!

Architect: Still not going to brake, human? I'll bet three backup bodies that my reflexes are faster than yours, and I can afford that bet too!

Dana: I agree, you'll definitely beat me in a game of chicken...

Dana: But I don't intend to brake.

Architect: What—!?

Dana: Darling—

Dana: Are you ready to go to hell with me?

Super-Shorty: AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!

...Bang!

Dana's car crashes into Architect's, and both vehicles plunge off the cliff together.

...

...

Super-Shorty: Cough cough… Cough...

Super-Shorty: Dammit... Dana! Dana, where are you!?

???: Beep- beep-

???: Sorry, but the user you have called is not in network range.

Super-Shorty: ...!

Super-Shorty: Architect! Cough cough...

...Architect dusts herself off and adjusts her hair.

Architect: That was pretty fun, kiddo. But a single native and a shorty like you aren't enough to catch me.

Architect: Now get out of my way, I've got a job to do.

...Super-Shorty struggles to her feet and raises her weapon.

Super-Shorty: First off, don't call me short again.

Super-Shorty: Second, I won't let you leave this place.

Architect: Oh? Have I snatched you before?

Super-Shorty: I don't remember, but I only remember that I hate you...

Architect: Isn't that ridiculous? I could understand if you hated Executioner, as she's always owed people money.

Architect: But me? I'm a good girl who's done no harm to man or beast. I've never hurt anyone before!

Architect: Now, get out of my way or I'm really going to get mad.

Super-Shorty: ...Dream on.

Architect: ...

Architect: (Sigh) I don't like opening fire at this range, but that doesn't mean I won't.

Architect: You asked for this, kiddo—

...Bang!

... Thud!

...Architect wobbles, then collapses.

Dana: Whew... you alright, shorty?

Dana: I knew carrying a baguette on me would end up coming in handy someday.

Super-Shorty: You...took down a Doll with a loaf of bread?

Dana: French, with sesame seeds added.

Dana: Come on, shorty. You did well, but don't take a risk like that in future.

Super-Shorty: I don't know why, I don't understand why I hate S.F....

Dana: Haha, who knows, you might really have been a White Knight in the past, hm?

???: We don't have midgets like her among the White Knights.

Dana: You're late again, Jericho. Did your cars get all clogged up with sand?

Jericho: It's because we took a saner route.

Jericho: I'm getting used to seeing you in all kinds of godforsaken places, Dana.

Dana: Well, I'm not used to seeing the White Knights show up, especially when they've got the same target as me.

Jericho: We usually classify actions like yours as..."obstruction of police business".

Dana: Really? I'd call it "friendship".

Jericho: Only humans would believe in that sort of nonsense. What I want is something more concrete.

...Jericho kicks the unconscious Architect.

Jericho: The target's head is intact. Take her back to the vehicle and scan her memory module.

Jericho: We've finally seized the last S.F..

Dana: My car's a write-off. Would you mind fronting me a few Repair Fairies as payment? Thanks would be nice too, by the way.

Jericho: First off, this isn't your vehicle. Secondly, you showing up messed up my plans, and let's not talk about how I'm going to arrest you if your strike to her head ended up damaging her memories.

Jericho: Dana, aren't you aware that the martial law specifies to not engage and hurt another party?

Super-Shorty: So what did Architect do?

Jericho: Isn't being who she is enough to get arrested? And who is this midget anyway?

Super-Shorty: Don't call me a midget!

Jericho: The natives have been forbidden from personally employing Dolls since a hundred years ago, Dana. Have you done the relevant paperwork?

Dana: I picked her up just now. She can't remember who she is, and I couldn't just leave her there for S.F..

Jericho: That's good, so you won't mind parting with her for a bit, then?

Super-Shorty: What?

Dana: Oi, she didn't absorb too much sunlight.

Jericho: Dana, we're the cream of the White Knights' Unit 765, the Blitzkrieg Corps. We don't care about Dolls taking in too much sunlight.

Jericho: What I'm concerned about is the fact that any Doll from the outside who made contact with S.F. might be infected with the "Parapluie" virus.

Jericho: Moreover, we have no idea of her origins. I need to have my people take her to our Griffin City base for a checkup.

Super-Shorty: The "Parapluie" virus?

Dana: It's an electronic virus carried by S.F.. Once it infects a Griffin Doll, the supreme leader of Sangvis Ferri — the Mastermind "Elisa" — will be able to freely control them, as though they were a S.F. unit.

Jericho: Our unit's ultimate mission is to capture Elisa and put an end to the days of Sangvis Ferri menacing Griffin City once and for all.

Jericho: The S.F. we captured before didn't hold any intelligence about Elisa, but now, the last S.F. has fallen into our hands. I'm sure the information we need is in her head.

Jericho: If we're lucky, we'll be able to capture Elisa today and end their reign of terror, but we need to perform the standard checks just in case.

Dana: I wish you good luck in advance, Jericho. Also, can I accompany her back to the base?

Jericho: Have you really only known each other for an hour? You sound more like her big sister.

Dana: This is just how we natives are. Don't need to build affection or whatnot. We do what we feel like. And besides, she's as cute as my imouto!

Jericho: I understand. It's just like how I still don't find myself liking you despite having known you for so long.

Dana: You really are a stick in the mud as always, Jericho.

Dana: But I quite like you, mainly when you're fighting to get me paid.

Jericho: (Sigh) As I've said before, you're interfering with police business...

Jericho: In any case, it's up to the Prime Minister in how we deal with her. Let me give her a call.

Super-Shorty: ...

Dana: Relax, shorty. It's just a routine physical check.

Dana: You'll only have to take off your coat at most. It's very likely you'll be able to keep your skirt on.

Super-Shorty: I'm not scared!

Super-Shorty: It's just...so much is happening at once, I'm not too sure what's going on...

Dana: You'll be fine. Griffin City might be a mess, but at least it won't eat you like the sand.

Jericho: Alright, congratulations, Dana.

Dana: You've secured a gigantic payout for me?

Jericho: You and the kid can take my car back, and once the checkup's over you can take her home. That's the payment I managed to negotiate for you.

Dana: I wouldn't be surprised if that was the Lilim Prime Minister's idea of a generous reward.

Jericho: Be content with it. The Prime Minister's been incredibly busy recently, and you're getting a ride from the world's elite White Knight unit. Hey, someone, get over here and clean up the scene.

Super-Shorty: Will we be going to Griffin City now?

Dana: That's right, even though you still don't remember anything...

Dana: Although, that would definitely be a good thing in Griffin City.
Part 3

3

...

Sei: Captain, the enemy units are too tightly packed, we should take them out piecemeal.

Jericho: Then we'll disrupt them with noise weapons. Have a taste of the latest tech of IOP!

System Notice: Capturing the radar station will change the action logic of certain enemies.
Part 4

4

Anna: Oh? Is the display not working?

Anna: There's something strange about this control station, isn't there?

System Notice: When Control Terminal II is unlocked, it will automatically unlock Defense Gate II Type 5 and 6. Orders must be given to the other Defense Gates in a specific sequence to fully open all of them.
Part 5

5

Anna: Oh my, looks like we have a new mission.

System Notice: Triggering the radar nodes will restore more memory fragments.
Part 6

6

...

Anna: I look a little grumpy in these memories. You need to block her with obstacles as soon as possible.

Anna: Do your best, Commander. We'll be able to restore all the memories soon enough.

System Notice: Triggering the radar nodes will activate the offline Griffin echelons. These Griffin echelons will move into the path of the enemy ringleader and will block the ringleader's advance for one turn.
Part 7

    7chevron_right

Anna: Hey, Jo, looks like it's time for mutual attraction.

System Notice: You'll be able to see a wonderful fireworks display with a Goliath on hand.

(This is transcribed from an in-game mail sent out when the event started. During the event, players would recieve mails after completing missions. They have been preserved here by OCRing them and converting them.)

White Knights Strike a Tellling Blow and Succesfully Apprehend the Last Sangvis Ferri Remnants!: Author: Lana Smithee

All this time, the remnants of Sangvis Ferri have tried to destroy Griffin City. Ever since taking office, Prime Minister Dorothy has devoted her efforts to ending this menace, and ten minutes before our submission deadline, we have learned that decisive progress has been made towards this goal.

"We have successfully captured the last Sangvis Ferri ringleader and Sangvis Ferri forces have been utterly crushed", said Captain Jericho of the White Knights' elite Blitzkrieg unit during an interview. "Soon, we will be able to use Architect to pinpoint the location of the Sangvis Ferri mastermind, so please be at ease, everyone." However, Captain Jericho refused to reveal further information or evidence.

While this news is definitely worth rejoicing over, has Sangvis Ferri ever existed? Many dolls in Griffin City have their doubts on the issue.

...

"...Commander, we've suddenly recieved a news push notification... Griffin City? White Knights? What are those? Is someone writing a story? Or is this somebody's prank?"
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Jill: ...

Jill: I can't believe I fell asleep...

Jill: Urgh...my stomach...

Jill: I didn't think that can of pickle-flavored soda would take so long to digest...

Jill: (Whatever. Good thing there aren't any customers here yet. I need to sort out the jukebox first.)
If choice 1 was picked
If choice 2 was picked
If choice 3 was picked

Jill: Time to mix drinks and change lives.

Jill: ...

Jill: There's no response. Everything's quiet.

Jill: Gillian took the day off and the boss went out shopping, but she should have been back 10 minutes ago...

Jill: Ladies and gentlemen, various expanses of air, I'm doing very well. Yes yes, no need to worry about me.

Jill: At least Anna isn't here, so I can...

???: Hey! You, the washboard over there, you're under arrest!

Jill: Oh great, my first customer tonight won't be giving me a break...

???: Hey! Are you ignoring my threats?

Jill: Are you referring to calling me flat-chested or that I'm under arrest?

Jill: If it's the former, I'm used to it.

Jill: If it's the latter, you aren't even a White Knight.

???: But you're minding the bar by yourself and I have a shotgun, so why aren't you scared of me?

Jill: I'm just not as scared as you'd like to see.

Jill: If you're here for a robbery, then I'll just hand over the money and wait for my boss to come back and take care of things.

Jill: If you're a serial killer, then you couldn't possibly have come to a godforsaken place like this.

???: Haha, sounds like this bar has had its fair share of weirdos.

Jill: No offense, but you're definitely not the strangest person I've seen.

Jill: Wait a minute, you look like...you're not a human?

???: Oh? You could tell?

Jill: But you're not a Lilim either.

???: And what led you to that conclusion?

Jill: You look more human than a Lilim, particularly in your body structure.

Jill: And a Lilim's electronic synapses would be more...sensitive in their reactions to the surrounding environment.

???: Wow, you've got a good eye on you! I'm starting to like you, and by extension, this place as well!

Jill: Then can you give me a proper answer?

???: Give me something to drink first. Let me see what's so special about this place — also, what should I call you?

Jill: Jill will do.

???: Simple and easy to remember. Do you know how to make a Sugar Rush then, Jill?

Jill: Of course, that's the first thing any BTC-trained bartender learns.

???: Alright, then give me a glass of that! Or else I'll give you a speeding ticket!

Jill: That's fine, er...

Jill: (Wait a minute, I just woke up, maybe I need a refresher in the basics...)

Jill: She wants a Sugar Rush to start with. Good thing that's simple enough to make.

Jill: I need to find the recipe bookmark in the navigation bar on the upper left corner of the recipe book.

Jill: Other than by their initial letters, I can also search quickly through the recipes by flavors like "Sweet" or by types like "Manly".

Jill: I then press the specified ingredients a number of times as indicated by the recipe and drag them into the shaker.

Jill: After that's done, I press the "Mix" button, and then press it again to finish mixing.

Jill: Finally, I press the "Serve" button to serve the drink, and that'll be all.

???: Hey, bartender?

Jill: If I mess up during the process, I can press the "Reset" button in the lower left corner to restart from scratch.

Jill: If certain drinks need to be "blended", then I need to wait 3 seconds after pressing the "Mix" button or shake the phone before pressing it again...

Jill: Shaking the phone... What the hell am I saying...

???: Miss Bartender! What are you talking about!

Jill: Sorry, sorry, I'm just...waking up.

Jill: A moment please. I'll get started right away.

Jill: (She said she wanted to see what's so special about this place, yet she asked for a Sugar Rush that you can find anywhere...)

Jill: 215,6,16,18,20
If choice 1 was picked

???: Wow! You actually made the drink!

???: Ah— I like this! So this is a Sugar Rush, huh?
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: I told you, it's just a basic drink.
If choice 1 was picked

???: Then I'm looking forward to the next one, Miss Bartender.
If choice 2 was picked

???: Hm...this isn't quite like what I imagined...
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: I wanted to show you what's truly special about Glitch City.
If choice 2 was picked

???: Hmph...

???: Frankly speaking, I do kind of like it.

???: You're more interesting than you look, Miss Bartender.

Jill: Could you tell me who you are now, Little Miss Devil?

M870: My name's M870.

M870: I'm an autonomous Tactical Doll made by IOP Company, currently employed by Griffin PMC as a combat operator.

Jill: Griffin...

Jill: Oh, I remember now, I saw the news on "The Augmented Eye" yesterday.

Jill: Zaibatsu Corp hired you to come here for testing and interaction work, right?

M870: Ding ding ding! Correct!

M870: But did you actually have to read the news to learn that? Our people are everywhere in this city now!

Jill: Well, given Zaibatsu Corp's track record, you would probably only be working in the wealthier districts, and I usually only go outdoors at night.

Jill: In any case, welcome to Glitch City and Valhalla.

M870: Then let me thank you! I rarely thank people, but this is the first welcome that I've received in Glitch City today!

Jill: I can understand. "Cold" is probably the most friendly reaction that the majority of people here have towards security personnel.

M870: Hahaha, I know! I know what the people here did to the White Knights before!

Jill: (She's actually laughing...)

Jill: So, is M870 your name, or is it the name of the shotgun you're carrying?

M870: Hehe, you catch on fast.

M870: IOP's Tactical Dolls are all named after the weapons they use, so it's the name of my gun and also my own name.

Jill: So it's a real gun, then?

M870: Oh? You're only getting nervous now, Miss Bartender?

M870: But unfortunately, we're one of the most professional PMCs in the world, and these guns have been refitted with all kinds of safety devices.

M870: So even if your severely self-destructive tendencies lead you to try and snatch my gun, it wouldn't be able to help you complete the final step of your journey.

Jill: (I want to say that it's not the gun that worries me, but your personality...)

Jill: So, what are you doing in Glitch City?

M870: We do whatever the White Knights did. Patrolling, standing sentry, rescue, catching criminals, smiling as the citizens roll their eyes at us...

Jill: You don't look like a Doll who can handle that last one.

M870: Aw, straight to the point, aren't we?

Jill: Everyone's different in their own way, I just felt that you didn't like beating around the bush.

M870: Hahaha, you're definitely my cup of tea, seriously!

M870: At first I was only going to look around, but now I've decided to stick around a while longer. Give me another drink... A Marsblast!

Jill: Let me remind you that this is a strong drink. Is it alright for a Doll like you to have something like that?

M870: We'll find out once we give it a try, won't we?

Jill: (She wants a Marsblast. I hope Dolls of her model don't go crazy when drunk, she's holding a real gun after all...)

Jill: 143,4
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Here, the Marsblast you wanted.
If choice 1 was picked

M870: Wowwwww! This is spicy!
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Just as you requested.
If choice 1 was picked

M870: ...But this doesn't mean I can't drink it!
If choice 2 was picked

M870: Uwah! It's not quite like what I expected, but...this taste is pretty cool too!

Jill: Take it easy and don't push yourself. I can make you another drink if you can't finish it.

Jill: (Besides, you're paying for it.)

M870: Oog...glug...glug...

M870: Ahhhh~ See! I did it!

Jill: Should I applaud? You're quite the drinker.

M870: Hehe, you don't understand us at all, do you?

Jill: It can't be helped. You're the first Griffin Doll that I've served.

M870: This is my first day in Glitch City too, but I now know it like the back of my hand.

Jill: So, what do you think of Glitch City?

Jill: Say whatever you want, it's fine even if you call it a pile of crap. No, perhaps I might be happy to hear that.

M870: I wasn't planning on saying that, although the streets are a dirty mess, the people don't treat me well, and it's hardly surprising for people to suddenly charge at me with a handgun in the middle of the night.

Jill: Well, that is the reason why you're working here, after all.

M870: That's right, but in fact, this place isn't really that wild, is it? And this city has a freshness to it.

M870: Other cities are either too clean or have too much fighting. You can't relax and enjoy the thrill in either of those cases.

Jill: You work security and you want bigger thrills?

M870: Tut tut tut, it seems you don't quite understand.

M870: The more chaotic a place is, the more I can show off, don't you think?

Jill: It seems like you enjoy this sort of thing.

M870: That goes without saying. Handling major crimes is a pain in the ass, but speeding and illegal parking aren't stressful at all!

M870: If you exceed a certain number as stated in the law, then I get to write you a ticket and slap you in cuffs and even take a picture of your pissed-off face!

Jill: Hah...then you might really be suited to life in Glitch City. We have illegal street racers and petty crooks everywhere.

Jill: Frankly speaking, I don't know who's more suited for this city, between the White Knights and cops like you.

M870: Those White Knights? If you're talking about their non-human units, then they're just a bunch of military robots that should have been retired long ago!

M870: You can't keep order in a city with those things! This place needs Dolls filled with warmth and kindness like me!

Jill: I'm sure you got more attention than the helmeted White Knights after you arrived.

Jill: (Although I'm willing to bet that if you went around the streets with a face like that, nine out of ten people would want to punch it, and the remaining one would reach for a baseball bat first.)

Jill: —Would you like anything else?

M870: Do you have any specialties?

Jill: Surely you wouldn't go into a restaurant and ask them which dish is good, right? It would be a hard question to answer.

Jill: But I would personally recommend a Piano Woman.

M870: Why?

Jill: It's famous, and I have a Lilim friend who likes it very much, so I would like to know if a Doll like you would like it too.

M870: Oh? You want to test me? We're not the same as Lilims though!

M870: But if you called her a friend, then it sounds like I'm getting the same treatment as her. Bring it on, then!

Jill: (Let's give her a Piano Woman, but why do I suddenly feel like a Piano Man would be better suited to her? After all, she's not quite like a DFC-72 class Lilim.)

Jill: 1718
If choice 1 was picked

M870: Hm... I thought this drink would taste more like its name implied.
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: I thought that you'd be more suited to such...hardcore flavors.
If choice 1 was picked

M870: This is great! Good job, Jill, I'll remember this drink and order it next time!
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: One Piano Woman, coming up.
If choice 2 was picked

M870: Wow! I thought I'd like cooler things, but this really is delicious.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: Thank you, I'm very familiar with making this drink.

Jill: May I ask you a technical question? I'm curious about Dolls' neural clouds. Are they the same as those of Lilims?

M870: You mean in performance and the way they grow? Of course they're different!

M870: Let me put it this way, Lilim neural clouds grow in a more freeform way, while Dolls...

M870: We have some factory settings, and while our personalities grow and change according to what we learn, there are some basic traits which are very hard to change.

Jill: Like how you like to give people tickets?

M870: Is there anything in this world that's more fun than giving people tickets?

M870: You get to publicly and legally punish someone and profit from it, which just makes it that much more enjoyable!

Jill: (At the very least, when it comes to taking joy in causing others problems, I guess she's not too far removed from many White Knights.)

Jill: Do you really feel that...punishing others is a fun thing?

M870: You'd have to ask the humans who designed me. At the very least, I don't feel guilty about it.

Jill: ...A life like that sounds very simple.

M870: Hehe, does it? I thought humans placed heavy value the concept of free will.

Jill: Not all humans think that way, and they don't always think that way.

M870: What do you mean?

Jill: It's like...they don't know why they suddenly get angry. Sometimes it's because of a work accident, and sometimes it's because of news unrelated to themselves.

Jill: Sometimes they blow up because the person passing by wore shoes that didn't match their pants, yet they don't know where their anger comes from.

M870: You sound like one of those people.

Jill: I don't deny that a lot of unimportant things can set me off if they catch me at a bad time.

M870: But you really are very interesting, which is why I feel that it's not a bad thing for humans to have more problems in their lives.

Jill: That's probably because you want to watch us make fools of ourselves.

M870: My my, if you were a stranger on the road, then your existence would only amuse me if you embarrassed yourself and the moment was uploaded to the internet.

M870: And if you were my good friend, then I would be needed if you ran into difficulty.

M870: Do you see now? No matter what, I end up gaining either way, don't I?

Jill: Then how about yourself? Do Dolls have fewer things troubling them?

M870: Well, I can't speak for all Dolls, but I do find it easier to feel happy!

Jill: By legally tormenting others?

M870: Tickets are only one of my punishment methods, you know. Would you like to try my other methods?

Jill: Let's save that for when my next big problem shows up.

M870: Hehe, looks like I already missed that one.

M870: It's getting late. I should be heading back to base now.

Jill: May I ask you one last question? How did you find this bar? This isn't a place that people typically visit on their first day in this city.

M870: I found it on *Kira* Miki's blog.

Jill: You're a fan?

M870: A friend is, but she's on patrol duty tonight, so I decided to scout the place out on her behalf.

Jill: Looks like this is one of those times when you're needed. Then, I won't ask you for your impression of the bar.

M870: At the very least, I got to see a decent side of this godforsaken place.

M870: Goodnight, Miss Bartender.

Jill: ...

Jill: ...Whew... Good job, Jill.

Dana: Hey Jill, I'm back! Sorry to keep you waiting for so long.

Dana: Who was the girl that just left?

Jill: That was M870, a Griffin Doll. Have you seen the news, Boss?

Dana: I haven't just seen the news, I've even taken pictures with a whole bunch of Griffin Dolls on the street!

Dana: They're pretty cool, aren't they? Although, they don't wear helmets. But I can't believe you served one of them in person while I wasn't around!

Jill: Yeah, I can hardly believe that I handled a shotgun-toting android who barged into the bar in the middle of the night all by myself and served her a stiff drink.

Jill: But the funny thing is, it actually felt kind of good.

Dana: Well, they were designed that way, after all. So, can you guarantee that there'll be more Griffin Dolls visiting next time? I'd really like to see one.

Jill: I can't guarantee who will show up next time.

Jill: But...I think more of them will come.

...

... A while later. Griffin City.

Sei: Hmm... I should be at the right place...

Sei: This...should be VA-11, right?

...The White Knight pushes open the door.

Jill: Enjoy the present day and the present time.

Jill: Good Southern Hemisphere, Miss White Knight.

Sei: Ah...hello...

Sei: (Sniffs) This place smells weirder than how Captain Jericho described it...

Sei: Ah, sorry, I shouldn't have said that.

Jill: You simply said what I've always wanted to say.

Jill: I'm guessing you're the partner Jericho mentioned? She's a regular here. Feel free to sit anywhere you'd like.

Sei: Mhm, I arranged to meet her here. Are you the boss?

Jill: Yes. Just call me Jill.

Jill: I'm very glad to meet you, Miss White Knight. Are you a member of Unit 765, the Blitzkrieg Corps, as well?

Sei: Yes, I'm Captain Jericho's second-in-command. My name is Sei P. Asagiri.

Sei: Er...I should be ordering something first, right?

Jill: Please feel free to look through the menu here. Would you like something strong, or something more suited to Dolls?

Sei: I rarely come to places like this, and I'll be on duty in a bit.

Sei: So...I'll have a Sugar Rush.

Sei: I have work later tonight, so no Karmotrine, please.

Jill: No problem. I already heard from Jericho. Please give me a moment.

Sei: I knew it, that Captain Jericho... Wait, you're the boss and you're mixing the drinks yourself?

Jill: I have an employee under me named Gillian, but she's at the sand rains protest. I'm sure you know a lot of people are there today.

Sei: Yeah, I just came from over there. The protest this time is really big.

Jill: Should we be discussing this? Your job as a White Knight is to stand in opposition of the protesters.

Sei: The White Knights aren't the minions of an evil empire. We're simply paid employees.

Jill: I can understand your position, especially since those protesting citizens are all wielding live weapons.

Sei: Yes, many of them don't even know how to chamber rounds, and some of their weapons misfire randomly due to lack of care. The weapons are more dangerous than the people themselves.

Sei: Fortunately, we have the Valkyries around. They're in charge of handling first aid and fire extingushing.

Jill: Do you think the Prime Minister will show up?

Sei: I don't know. The Prime Minister is only in charge of entertainment. She'd be much better at organizing a disco dance party than disaster management.

Jill: I'm starting to wonder if the Prime Minister is really in full control of the city or not...

Sei: You heard those rumors too?

Sei: They're saying that Prime Minister Dorothy Haze is just a puppet and someone else is controlling this city from the shadows.

Sei: But then I'm thinking, why would her real master rain down sand every month at breakfast time to ruin this place?

Jill: Last month, I heard a drifter in a vegan burger joint say that during the days of human civilization, the god that created the world would test people.

Sei: Isn't it unfair that believers can't test their own gods?

Sei: And when I look around, I start to think...what's so great about creating the world?

Sei: We may have made the Dolls, but now we're nothing more than natives, a minority. Still, life isn't too bad, but the sands are a little worrying.

Sei: In any case, I have no right to comment on this. I don't want to think too much about anything besides my job and the people around me.

Jill: That's fine, I was just curious. Besides, everyone loves to discuss a conspiracy theory or two.

Jill: Also, you can take your helmet off. Wearing one of those in a native sector won't win you any popularity points.

Sei: Oh? Sorry. I just put it on recently, and it's still novel to me.

Jill: I can understand. My favorite posters are always the ones I put up recently.

Jill: Alright, here's a Sugar Rush.

...Sei takes off her helmet and puts it aside.

Sei: Thank you... Ah, I like this taste.

Jill: It's an honor to hear that, especially since you're my first customer this evening and a White Knight.

Jill: Wait a minute... Your face... Haven't I seen you somewhere before?

Sei: Huh? H-Have you?

Jill: ...You're Stella Hoshii's bodyguard, aren't you? I saw you beside her during one of her street rallies.

Sei: Er...that was two years ago. Do you know her?

Jill: Of course I do. Who wouldn't know the wealthiest native in Griffin City?

Jill: Her IOP Foundation's done a lot for the city, and she's been giving kids presents for Christmas for the past two years.

Jill: She came here for a drink once, but that was a long time ago.

Jill: You can't really tell by her appearance, but she's a good person, and everyone knows what she's done for the city.

Sei: She would be very happy to hear that. But as you can see, I've changed sides and become a White Knight, so I don't have anything to do with her anymore...

Jill: Perhaps I shouldn't ask, but why?

Sei: Sorry, I probably shouldn't be talking about this stuff on my first visit here, but Jericho says you're a reliable person, and I feel the same way too.

Jill: It's my job and I like it, as long as dogs or annoying customers don't show up.

...Sei takes a few drinks and her glass is soon emptied.

Sei: ...Stella and I were childhood friends. We met each other in a children's park.

Jill: I remember from one of her speeches, she mentioned that the two of you were attacked by S.F. in that park, and because the White Knights couldn't respond in time, her eye...

Sei: It took a lot of courage on her part to tell that to the public, and I encouraged her to do it too, because fighting S.F. shouldn't be the White Knights' job alone.

Sei: Back then, she and I made up our minds to use everything we had to build a better world...

Jill: I see. So isn't that a good thing?

Sei: Yes, but this world is done for, as there are too many things that people are powerless to do anything about.

Sei: But whenever she comes across any sort of difficulties, Stella would always...toughen her way through things.

Sei: Especially after the first sand rain three years ago. She became more and more extreme, and working with her became harder and harder...

Jill: Why is that? Surely there must've been a reason, right?

Sei: I guess she was chasing down news about S.F.. That attack cost her right eye, which she'll never forget about...

Sei: And I know that it wasn't so much anger so much as a kind of fear...

Jill: So does that mean the large reduction in S.F. attacks over the past three years was because of Miss Stella?

Sei: I don't know. Nobody knows. She hasn't talked to anyone, including me.

Sei: She would often go missing by herself without even taking me along, and I...I was supposed to be her bodyguard, right?

Sei: So after that point, I had a good talk with her, and I quit my job as her bodyguard and left her...

Jill: And then you joined the White Knights?

Sei: Yes. The White Knights have always been in charge of eliminating S.F. and protecting the city.

Sei: I wanted to understand this city and the hearts of the people better. I wanted to help her in my own way.

Sei: But she's been avoiding me ever since, or perhaps she's been avoiding everyone. I believe that she's still a good person, just that...she's grown distant...

Jill: Yeah...she hasn't made any public appearances over the past three years, and I haven't heard anything about her at all in the past few months.

Jill: What happened to her? Do you still keep in touch?

Sei: We haven't kept in touch, but last night...

Sei: She suddenly messaged me out of the blue.

Jill: ...A message?

Sei: I don't know what was her intention, but at the very least, she knows what I'm doing now.

Sei: I chose to take it as...she still misses me?

Sei: But still, she must have a new bodyguard by now. I chose this path myself...

Jill: Don't say that. You might not be together, but you're still friends, right?

Jill: I feel that you should go talk to her, at the very least.

Sei: Alright. After this operation, I'll give that some serious thought...

Jill: Don't worry, the sands won't bury the Southern Hemisphere right away. You two still have time to make up.

Jill: The next drink is on me. Is there anything you'd like?

Sei: Is that alright? This is only my first time here.

Jill: Don't worry about it. Both your work and that of Miss Stella's matter to me.

Jill: Not to mention, it's MY honor to meet you tonight—

Jericho: If you're planning a toast to your friendship, then you shouldn't leave out this intermediary over here.

Sei: Ah, Good Southern Hemisphere, Captain Jericho!

Jill: You're late, Jericho.

Jericho: I ran into a bit of trouble along the way, thanks to that baguette-wielding vigilante and the little pet she found...

Jericho: But it's all settled now. I finished scanning the memories of the target, and we've gotten the coordinates and made the appropriate plans.

Jericho: Jill, I trust that you didn't put any alcohol into Sei's drink?

Jill: ...Of course not. I did as you told me.

Jericho: Then hurry and finish up with your mix. We'll be heading out once she's done.

Sei: Let's leave now, then. With so many people waiting on us, we don't have time to waste.

Sei: Miss Jill, perhaps I'll have a couple of stiff drinks to celebrate when I get back.

Jill: Looks like it's a big operation.

Jericho: Big enough that our beloved Prime Minister might personally rip out my Imprint for telling you. Let's go now. Jill, Save a glass for me too.

...Jericho and Sei bid Jill farewell and leave the bar.

Sei: Did you find Elisa's location?

Jericho: I did, at long last...

Jericho: As I thought, Elisa's hiding place is saved inside Architect's head!

Sei: You rarely get this worked up, Captain.

Jericho: I've waited too long for this moment!

Jericho: Now, once we capture the Mastermind, we'll be able to put an end to all of S.F.'s wrongdoings.

Jericho: While we can't do anything about the sand rains, at the very least we'll be able to do something to ensure safety for the people of Griffin City.

Sei: I understand, Captain Jericho.

Sei: It's an honor for me to take part in this operation.

Jericho: No need to be tense. S.F. hasn't got any aces up their sleeve.

Sei: No, I just...

Sei: Maybe it's because I shared many stories with Miss Jill, but I suddenly realized that I've never thanked you before...for the things I've learned over the past eighteen months.

Jericho: Sei, you're the sort of person that plays better with the group the worse you are at interacting with them.

Jericho: To me, being a White Knight is just a job, and I've never treated you as a friend.

Jericho: I think highly of you, but...I don't understand this thing you call "friendship". My neural cloud was never designed to accommodate that sort of thing.

Sei: That's good enough for me, Captain.

Sei: Treating a native like me just like any other colleague without taking me lightly or giving me unnecessary attention is all I ever wanted.

...Jericho looks at Sei.

Jericho: I've never thought of myself as a good leader, so...I should be the one thanking you.

Jericho: Alright, we're here. Get ready.

...

Sei: This is a native residential area. Are we going to search for the Mastermind here?

Jericho: According to our intel, S.F. has hidden themselves in a few of the district's empty warehouses.

Jericho: Perhaps someone is harboring them here. That would be a crime.

Sei: S.F....hiding in the warehouses here?

Sei: Stella and I grew up in this district, and...

Jericho: What's the matter?

Sei: No, it's nothing important...

Jericho: Don't get distracted and keep a low profile. This is the final battle for Griffin City.

Jericho: Let's head out and find where that Elisa is hiding!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...After the operation ends, the Blitzkrieg Corps arrive at their destination, a warehouse.

Sei: Captain, look over here.

Sei: There's a hidden door, just like your intel said.

Jericho: ...The code authenticates and the door opens. The intel from Architect is right.

Jericho: There's a passage heading underground, but signals are jammed inside. All we can do is go in ourselves and see what's in there.

Sei: It's too easy. I know S.F.'s combat units aren't too strong, but could there be a trap down there?

Jericho: It's certainly possible, which is why my neural cloud's already been backed up.

Jericho: I'll go in and scout around first. Someone cover me.

Sei: I'll do it, Captain.

Jericho: We don't have the technology to backup a human brain. Someone else would be better.

Sei: Yep, they all say that humans only have one life.

Sei: That's why we're not taken seriously by anyone.

Jericho: Sei, that's not what I meant.

Sei: Dolls take risks knowing they have backups in reserve. Humans can do the same thing with the courage in their heart...

Sei: I joined the White Knights to prove that.

Jericho: ...

Jericho: (Sigh) You know my concern isn't really about your safety, right?

Jericho: To me, humans and Dolls are all single-use subordinates. There's no difference between the two.

Sei: Thank you, Jericho.

Jericho: Vice-Captain Sei, cover my back. Everyone else, stay out here and wait for orders.

Jericho: Let's see if S.F.'s hiding their Mastermind down here, or if this is just some petty trick.

...Ten minutes later, Jericho and Sei passed through the tunnel to reach the underground area.

Sei: I'm not picking up any other signals, and there's no S.F. nearby.

Sei: Is this...a factory?

Jericho: It's abandoned. Looks like nobody's been here for years.

Sei: Which means this place really is a S.F. hideout.

Sei: Where's the Mastermind? Let's go find her.

Jericho: Careful. You may have ample courage, but you should still be cautious.

Sei: I'm not a genius, but I'm no fool either, Captain.

Sei: Huh? Inside this hatch...

Sei: Captain, you need to see this!

...Jericho and Sei fumble with the hatch and open it.

???: ...

Sei: This is...

Jericho: This is the highest-ranked S.F., Mastermind Elisa.

Jericho: We've found her.

???: ...

Sei: She's...not moving?

Jericho: Let me see...

Jericho: ...She's out of power.

Sei: Eh? Out of power?

Jericho: She hasn't had power for three years, just like this factory.

Sei: What? That's impossible! S.F. has clearly been active for the past three years!

...Jericho does not answer. Instead, she continues to examine the Mastermind.

Jericho: ...Her S.F. command module...had been removed a long time ago.

Sei: ...

Sei: In other words...

Sei: The true culprit who's been controlling S.F. for the past three years wasn't the Mastermind. It was someone else this entire time.

Jericho: I'm afraid that's the case...

Jericho: We fell for Architect's trick. Her secret master must've planted false memories to fool us.

Jericho: What a petty trick... When I get back, I'm going to dip her face-first into Szechuan hot sauce and then find her master, the true culprit that took the S.F. command module!

Sei: ...

Jericho: Sei, are you alright?

Jericho: Don't be disheartened. All this means is that we've gone from the endgame to another stage in the investigation. We can still keep looking.

Jericho: Since the abandoned warehouses became S.F. hideouts, if we find out who owns these buildings, we'll know who took—

Sei: Captain Jericho...

Sei: Last night, Stella sent me a message.

Jericho: ...And what of it?

Sei: She asked me...

Sei: "Do you still remember the place where we played hide and seek as kids?"

Sei: "Please help me keep this secret."

Jericho: What does that mean?

Sei: Jericho, I used to play hide and seek with Stella in this district when we were kids.

Sei: There were many times when I couldn't find her, because she always knew where to hide within these warehouses...

Sei: One day, she told me these warehouses belonged to her family...

Jericho: What?

Jericho: Wait! Was she the one who took Elisa's command module!?

Jericho: Stella Hoshii! She's the true master of Architect and S.F.!

...Jericho hears the sound of a gun cocking behind her just as she is about to stand up, so she freezes.

Jericho: Sei...

Jericho: Did Stella ask you to point your gun at me?

Sei: No...

Sei: Because she knew...if she asked me to do anything like that...

Sei: Then myself from back then would never be able to agree.

Jericho: So...this was Stella's plan.

Jericho: She ordered Architect to deliberately fall into our hands and then tricked us into coming here, where she would have you eliminate me...

Sei: I just felt something was amiss... I came down here with you just in case something happened, but I didn't expect that...

Jericho: You didn't expect that you yourself would be that "something".

Sei: I'm sorry, Captain Jericho...

Sei: But being in my position right now, I don't have a choice...

Sei: I can't let Stella be captured by the White Knights. I have to...keep the secret...

Jericho: You know what's going to happen next, right, Sei?

Jericho: This place is completely blanketed by signal jamming. I can't upload my memories to a backup.

Jericho: Once you pull the trigger, the next time I wake up I'll only remember stepping into this little shack, and I won't remember anything else.

Sei: Yes, I know...

Sei: I'll come up with a lie to make you believe me.

Jericho: And I will believe you, because you're my most trusted subordinate, and my neural cloud was written by a goddamn computer program.

Jericho: I will continue to be friends with the person who killed me, then go back to the bar and finish that drink I said we would have, and celebrate a hollow victory! Do you think it's fair, Sei? I have never been killed even once by S.F.!

Jericho: Yet you're going to kill me to help someone in possession of Parapluie who might be planning at this very moment to endanger everyone in Griffin City!

Sei: I... I don't know... I don't want to do this either...but I want to protect Stella. She must have her reasons.

Sei: I'm not like you T-Dolls, Jericho. I only have one life, one chance...

Sei: For her, I will become any monster, take any risks, and do anything she asks of me!

Jericho: Are you really sure? I don't think you really dare to shoot me. You're getting too worked up, Sei. This isn't like you at all...

Sei: These are my true thoughts, Jericho!

Sei: I don't care about political perspectives, social debates, human rights and responsibilities, Dolls, humans, I don't care about any of that!

Sei: The reason I'm doing this...is simply because she believed in me. She believed that I would carry this out...

Sei: And all I want is...to do something for my friend...

...Jericho falls silent for a while.

Jericho: "Friends", huh. I've never really understood that concept...

Jericho: If I were human and Stella were a Doll, what would you do?

Sei: ...I don't know.

Sei: The "me" in that scenario wouldn't be the same "me" right now...

Jericho: That's true...

Jericho: Ah, friendship... Looks like it really is something only you people would believe in.

Jericho: Now then, there's one last thing.

Jericho: You do know that when fitted with an Imprint, the speed of a Doll's gun draw...

Jericho: ...Completely outclasses that of a human being's, right?

Sei: ...!

...Bang!

Sei: ...Jericho?

Jericho: Especially...when it comes to their mental state...

Jericho: It looks like...you still weren't...calm enough...

...Jericho collapses to the ground.

Sei: Jericho...Jericho!

Sei: I didn't mean to! I...I-!

Jericho: It's fine...

Jericho: It's okay, Sei...

Sei: Why...Jericho...

Sei: I'm sorry...I...

Jericho: Now... Go do what you want to do...

Jericho: It's alright...there are times...

Jericho: When I also...

Jericho: Want to do something...for a friend...

......

The Griffin City Guide to Life on the Southern Hemisphere - The VA11 Hall-A Bar: Author: Lana Smithee

Still complaining about the boring life in Griffin City and only able to make friends with vending machines? Then you should know more about the VA-11-Hall-A Bar. Though it's tucked away in an inconspicuous alley and it constantly smells of strange cleaning solutions, anyone will be deeply enthralled by its atmosphere once you find it and go inside.

The bar's owner (Jill) is quite a positive person and always full of insights about life. You can tell her your deepest worries without having to worry about them making the papers the next day. If your heart is full of things that you just can't pour out anywhere else, then VA-11's repertoire of drinks from the light and pleasing Sugar Rush to the Gut Punch that'll make you give thanks for your life is waiting for you.

It should be noted that if the sole bartender (Gillian) is actually doing her job properly, then the boss Jill would not be making drinks for people behind the counter. Jill dislikes people asking her about that.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Dana: Good evening, Jill.

Jill: Good evening, Boss—

Jill: (Cough cough)...!

Jill: You...(cough)...bought a bucket of spicy fried chicken again?

Dana: Ah, sorry about that, is the smell too strong?

Dana: I'd better enjoy this in my office, then.

Dana: Alright, back to work with you. Also, you'd better get a Griffin Doll to come over tonight, or else you can kiss Gillian's bonus goodbye.

Jill: Fine, fine (cough)...leave it to me.

Jill: (I'm sorry, Gillian...but I'm actually more curious about what excuse she'll use to give me a bonus tonight if she doesn't get her wish.)
If choice 1 was picked
If choice 2 was picked
If choice 3 was picked

Jill: Time to mix drinks and change lives.

Jill: Welcome to Valhalla.

???: Good evening.

TMP: How... How do you do...

Jill: Good evening, ladies.

Jill: (There sure is a huge contrast in the way these two customers are dressed.)

Jill: ...It looks like you're Dolls from Griffin too?

K2: My name's K2, she's TMP.

K2: Are you Miss Jill?

Jill: Yes, it looks like I've become famous in Griffin overnight.

Jill: I'm guessing that this is all thanks to *Kira* Miki's hard work.

Jill: (Dammit, looks like I won't be able to see the Boss thinking hard about a reason to give me a bonus tonight.)

K2: Our original reason for coming here was because *Kira* Miki had come here.

K2: But if that was all, we might have just left after taking a picture at the entrance.

TMP: I... I was planning to do that...

Jill: In that case, if you're willing to spend, I can provide a bit of proof.

K2: We were planning to have a drink in the first place.

K2: I'd like a Bloom Light. What about you, TMP?

TMP: I...I want a...uh...

K2: Order whatever you want. I told you, this is my treat.

TMP: I...let me think...

Jill: I'll make Miss K2's drink first, then.

Jill: (Let's make a Bloom Light for this Doll who's dressed like a K-pop idol but whose tone is as soft as a sea sponge.)

Jill: 43,14
If choice 1 was picked

K2: Ah...it really does taste like what the magazines say!
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: I'm honored.
If choice 2 was picked

K2: Hm...it's not quite what I expected.

K2: But I do like this spicy sensation.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: (So she does like this taste after all.)

Jill: Alright, I won't leave you hanging. Please have a look at this.

Jill: You should have seen this glass the moment you entered, but I just put it under the counter lest the spicy powder from the Boss' spicy chicken bucket got it dirty.

K2: I love spicy chicken wings! Wait...this glass...

K2: Ah! This is *Kira* Miki's signature! Quick, TMP, come look!

TMP: Uuuuu—! It really is her autograph!

TMP: "For Jill. Never lose your star."

K2: Oh god, I'm so jealous!

K2: I would have taken it by force if she hadn't written "For Jill" on it!

Jill: (Let me amend my previous statement; she's a Doll who's dressed like a K-pop idol and whose tone is as soft as a sea sponge, but she's more dangerous than M870...)

Dana: I heard someone talking about using force!

Jill: We were discussing international politics, Boss!

Dana: You've watched too many anime, Jill!

Jill: (It's not like I could have watched more than you...)

K2: Quick, tell me, what is *Kira* Miki like?

Jill: I've said this many times to many people already. I'll need to make a recording and play it next time.

Jill: She's a friendly and graceful person, just like what you see on stage.

K2: That's wonderful...

K2: Sometimes I get worried that the idols I chase aren't how they appear, or if they're just puppets of the record agency, you get what I mean?

Jill: I can understand, but I'd advise you not to get so hung up on this.

Jill: Idols are just a product in an idealized package, and there's bound to be many entanglements in reality behind their manufacture.

K2: I understand, it's like a totem of sorts, a sort of spiritual trust.

K2: But there are times when I worry if *Kira* Miki enjoys the process of this commercialization from the bottom of her heart.

Jill: I don't know much about idols, but I can assure you that based on what I've seen and heard, she really does like her job, and she's proud of every fan she has.

Jill: Although, rather than fans, she'd rather you call yourselves "ardent admirers of *Kira* Miki's music".

K2: Yup yup, I know!

K2: God, TMP, just listen to this! *Kira* Miki really is the best!

Dana: I think I heard someone talking about *Kira* Miki.

K2: Are you a fan of hers too?

Dana: Not really, I just have a good impression of that Lilim.

Dana: Wait a minute...are you Griffin Dolls?

Dana: Jill! I can't believe you were talking to them for so long without telling me!

Jill: I have to go step by step, Boss. They're our customers, not UFOs passing in the night.

Dana: Alright, at least there's a chance now.

Dana: Good evening, ladies, my name's Dana. I'm the boss here.

K2: Good evening, Boss Dana.

K2: ...Do I smell spicy fried chicken?

Dana: That's right, do you like fried chicken?

Dana: It's from the best fried chicken place in Glitch City. I ordered a lot; want to try some?

K2: I would like to try some. Don't mind if I do, then.

Dana: Come to my office. Poor little Jill can't take spicy stuff, how unfortunate for her.

Jill: I don't think not being able to finish an entire can of anti-wolf pepper spray counts as not being able to handle spicy stuff.

Jill: Alright, they're in her office now. That actually makes me a little jealous...

TMP: ...

Jill: ...

Jill: (I almost forgot that she's a Doll who can talk, and not a tent with cat ears...)

Jill: Er...have you thought of what you want yet, Miss TMP?

TMP: Um...I want...

TMP: A...Bad Touch...

Jill: Pfffft...

Jill: Ah, sorry, one Bad Touch, coming up.

Jill: (I can't believe this shy Doll who's all covered up actually ordered a Bad Touch, I shouldn't laugh out loud...)

Jill: 1
If choice 1 was picked

TMP: Wow!

TMP: This is intense! Is this really a Bad Touch?
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: That's exactly what it is.

Jill: Here's a Bad Touch, hang on to it.

TMP: Is this really a Bad Touch?

Jill: You can take it to be verified by the BTC, and if it's even a little off then I'll pay you with Fore.

TMP: Who's Fore?

Jill: My cat.

TMP: Um...it tastes good...

Jill: Thank you, I'm glad to hear that.

TMP: So this signature...is real?

Jill: Of course it is.

TMP: Um...of course...you'd say it is.

Jill: Then why did you ask?

TMP: I'm reading your expression...

Jill: Don't tell me... You've been reading my face from the start?

TMP: Yes...civilian Dolls all have their own little functions, and my observations...take a long time.

TMP: You don't look like...you're lying...

Jill: That "look like" part is unnecessary. I would never lie about things like that.

TMP: I'm sorry, I just get suspicious easily... Suspicious of anything unfamiliar.

Jill: That's fine, I heard someone say that Doll personalities and preferences are set before they're rolled out of the factory, and that they're very hard to change afterwards.

Jill: Were you designed that way too?

TMP: Um...no, that came later. Or rather...

TMP: Right now, for these few days...

TMP: My factory settings are...more tuned towards delusions...

Jill: Delusions?

TMP: My neural cloud works especially fast when it's processing orders that aren't related to my main tasks.

Jill: I'm a little curious, what kind of customers request Dolls with...lower processing efficiency?

TMP: That's because Dolls weren't made for high-speed calculations, but to imitate human beings.

TMP: Machines are concerned with efficiency. Wasting time is a human characteristic...don't you think?

Jill: After summing up my time in school I would have to give it a double thumbs up.

Jill: Then why have you become so...skeptical?

TMP: Do you know of...electric monks?

Jill: I've only read of them in stories.

TMP: Do you remember what an electric monk is?

Jill: Right, just like how electric fans substitute for hand fans and computers are substitutes for our brains, electric monks substitute for our belief.

Jill: They use subjective logic to convince us about what we want.

TMP: Someone already made a practical implementation of that technology, although...it's not very useful.

Jill: So you're saying...things like that can be used to help me believe certain things?

TMP: Yes, to be precise...it's a brainwashing machine that's custom-made to your personal specifications.

TMP: If you're too busy or too smart...you'll need one.

Jill: Then I need an electric monk, stat, to convince me that the color of the new wall paper I bought goes with that of the kotatsu...

Jill: Although what does this have to do with you?

TMP: My job in this city...is to test out an anti-electric monk.

TMP: I'm supposed to see if the effects of an electric monk on a user can be negated in a safer and more lifestyle-friendly way...

TMP: At that time, I just thought of making use of my neural cloud's strengths...so I applied to be fitted with an "anti-electric monk" module...

Jill: (I'm guessing that would be called an "electro-bar module")

Jill: And then you became an avowed skeptic?

TMP: At first, I started wondering if the oxygen was poisoned, if tomorrow morning's alarm clock would really get me up, if humanity's first and last moon landings were faked, and if dinosaur fossils were real...

TMP: These few days, when I see any topics that need discussion, I'm immediately filled with doubt...

TMP: But fortunately...these are the last two days of the test, and I'll be able to get my payment soon...

Jill: TMP, are you sure you can make it?

Jill: It sounds like you're having trouble thinking... No, thinking itself is the problem.

TMP: I'll follow K2 around for the next two days... She'll take care of me and ensure I don't do anything stupid.

Jill: Your team leader looks like she's good at taking care of people.

TMP: K2 is the best team leader... My teammates are also good too.

???: I heard someone praising me!

TMP: AEK! You're here!

AEK-999: Good evening, TMP .

AEK-999: Ahhh...I'm parched, give me something to drink.

AEK-999: Hello Miss Bartender, can I have a Pile Driver?

Jill: No problem.

Jill: (Let's give the punk girl who just barged in a Pile Driver.)

Jill: 19
If choice 1 was picked

AEK-999: Mm! This taste— it's so cool! TMP, come try some!
If choice 1 was picked

TMP: Ngg... Uwah! It's too strong!
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: It's much gentler than a real pile-driving machine.

Jill: So, how should I address you, AEK?

AEK-999: My full name is AEK-999, but AEK works.

AEK-999: Although, I'd prefer to have everyone call me 999, it's cooler that way.

TMP: That's too much of a mouthful, AEK!

AEK-999: But that makes it cool!

Jill: (Then I think the coolest thing on earth would be the name of the bald editor of the Augmented Eye that I served.)

Jill: Miss AEK, I think I heard the sound of a bike engine just now. Did you drive one here?

AEK-999: Yup. I tried to lean it far away from the door. It won't interfere with your business, will it?

Jill: No, it's not like anyone comes here anyway.

TMP: Do you do bike-racing?

AEK-999: I went to the Motor District, but I couldn't find that...

AEK-999: "Christmas Love", was that her name?

Jill: Christine Love. I think she's been busy developing a new game recently, so she doesn't go outside much.

AEK-999: What! Then why am I even in this city!?

Jill: (Aren't you here on company business...)

TMP: So you came straight here...and didn't do anything else?

AEK-999: Of course not, I played around with a few bikers.

AEK-999: But the web said that the "Death Lane" was closed these past few days, so all I could do was do a couple of laps in an abandoned district.

AEK-999: My opponents and the track were all boring, like going to a pizza place that was famous on the web and then finding out that they only had fries because they ran out of flour.

Jill: I'm sorry, but there were deaths on the GATE Highway — in other words, the "Death Lane" in question — due to illegal racing, so it's been locked down ever since.

Jill: Most of the biker gang leaders were arrested too, so you're only going to meet those easy-going bike lovers there.

AEK-999: Bike lovers...sound as stupid as "rock and roll fans".

AEK-999: People who are into that sort of thing should address each other as "killers"!

Jill: (Then you'd only be able to hold future rock and roll concerts in supermax prisons.)

Jill: In any case, Miss AEK, you may have had some expectations before coming to Glitch City. However, I regret to say that for the most part, this is a law-abiding city.

AEK-999: I understand. After all, for humans, you only live once.

Jill: Then...do Dolls risk their lives purely to chase thrills?

AEK-999: They don't normally. After all, our lives and our body belong to Griffin.

AEK-999: Rather than death itself, what's scarier is being forcibly resurrected after dying and facing demotion, a pay cut, and a disciplinary hearing, right?

Jill: It sounds like being unable to completely die isn't necessarily a good thing.

AEK-999: To certain Dolls, yes, that might not be a good thing.

AEK-999: As for me, I haven't lived enough yet, and this world is filled with cool things that I need to discover.

Jill: To a human...that sounds a little negative.

AEK-999: Negative?

AEK-999: I'll have you know that I'm a good girl who hands in her tests early!

K2: AEK, quit spouting your delusions. As long as you can't reach higher notes than M950A, you will never be cool enough.

AEK-999: Hey, Leader! What happened to your mouth, were you eating hot wings again?

K2: Yup, could you tell? I drank a lot of ice water.

Jill: Miss K2, you don't look like you're good with spicy stuff.

Dana: She gave up halfway through the first piece.

Dana: And here I thought I'd found an opponent, but her courage was admirable.

Jill: Then why did you two spend so long in there?

K2: We wanted to reach a mutual understanding with each other about a lot of things — in particular, regarding the management of one's subordinates.

Jill: (The first half of that sentence could very easily be misunderstood... If only Dorothy were here.)

TMP: Mutual...understanding...!

Jill: (Looks like we have a cat-eared Dorothy here already.)

K2: It's getting late, we should be heading back. Jill, Dana, I'm glad to have met you.

TMP: Thank you for hearing me out...Jill.

AEK-999: I'll come again, and not just for the "Death Track"!

...

Dana: Wow, so those were Griffin Dolls.

Jill: What do you think about them?

Dana: They're not quite like Lilims. They're more..."Griffin".

Jill: You only met one.

Dana: That's why I can only describe them as being "Griffin", just like how you're very "Jill".

Jill: I'm Jill, very Jill.

Jill: It sounds like some kind of advertisement for a low-end trendy brand. Your name would be more stylish, Boss.

Dana: Alright, ten points for ass-kissing. Want a break, Jill?

Jill: Sure, but I won't help you eat those spicy wings.

Dana: That's another ten points off. Go out back and reflect on your actions, Jill.

Jill: Got it, Boss.

...Meanwhile in Griffin City, in front of City Hall.

...A great deal of Griffin Dolls and humans are gathered in a protest.

Gr MP5: Wow...there are so many people.

Viking: That's why I didn't want to come here, it's so damn bothersome!

Gr MP5: But there's nowhere else to go. All the shops and bars are closed, so we've got no choice but to — ah!

...Gr MP5 is suddenly tripped by a human.

Stella: Ah...sorry.

Viking: Gr MP5, are you alright?

...The human woman stares at Gr MP5 and nods. She then helps her up and walks away.

Viking: What a strange native.

Gr MP5: ...I think I've seen her somewhere before.

...The human woman continues to make her way through the crowd.

Stella: Parapluie infection successful... This module's functions are normal.

WA2000: Stella, this is Crimson Rose. I'm in position.

Stella: Roger. Keep an eye on the situation. Report immediately if anything develops.

Stella: The last time I saw this many people was when the Prime Minister took office, and it was Mega Christmas to boot.

WA2000: Indeed, but security now is very thin. It's full of holes.

Stella: The White Knights haven't shown up, so it seems that Architect and Sei...have successfully delayed Jericho.

Stella: And the Prime Minister doesn't believe the Dolls will do anything out of the ordinary, which would be true, unless...

...Stella touches her electronic right eye.

Stella: Unless they were all mine.

WA2000: I can hear you breathe. You sound a little tense.

Stella: Oh? You could hear that in such a noisy place?

WA2000: How much did you spend to buy me? I told you before, I'm worth every penny.

Stella: It's true that I am very nervous. Even I don't know what's going to happen after this...

Stella: I took advantage of my friend for this moment, so I can't fail.

Stella: Just in case, I'm going to ask you again; if I ordered you to shoot the civilian Dolls here, will you really do it without question?

WA2000: Jeez. Let me say it again.

WA2000: I'm just a product. You bought me, so I'll obey all of your orders unconditionally. Do you want to try me out right now?

Stella: No, I don't want to mess up the plan, and I want to avoid that scenario if possible.

Stella: I'm sorry, I have full faith in you now.

WA2000: You really are too tense. Don't hang around in that crowd too long. You need to keep your breathing under control.

Stella: You're right. Many Dolls here have perfume on; I'm not sure what brand it is, but there's diesel mixed into it.

Stella: Don't worry about me. Keep your eyes on the stage; the Prime Minister's going to show up soon.

WA2000: Are you sure? Even the TV stations said that there was no way she'd make an appearance.

Stella: Do you believe those politicians or me?

WA2000: (Laughs) Doll politicians have got to be better than the human ones.

Stella: Politicians are politicians. They're all the same even if you appoint them from Seifar employees.

Stella: I'll say it again for you. My confidence comes from the S.F. module in my right eye. It can spread the Parapluie virus and infect every single Griffin Doll in the vicinity.

Stella: Every single Doll on this street and inside that big building will serve as my eyes and ears.

WA2000: Well isn't that handy? Who would have known that the right eye that S.F. took from you would become the tool for controlling this entire world?

Stella: I just want to save Griffin City. I'll pay any price to achieve victory.

WA2000: I should post those words of yours to Fatebook. I'm pretty sure you'll get a ton of likes after this is all over.

Stella: By all means, but mind the angle this time around.

Stella: The picture last time...made my chest look a little big.

WA2000: The picture last time got the most likes of all—

WA2000: Hang on...she's coming. Our Prime Minister is about to show up.

WA2000: Looks like you win, Stella.

Stella: No, not yet.

...

Dorothy: Ladies and natives! Good Southern Hemisphere!

Dorothy: I am the Prime Minister of Griffin City that everyone knows and loves!

Dorothy: I am Dorothy, Dorothy Haze, the cutest of them all! I'm very happy to see you!

Stella: ...This victory only counts when I announce it myself.

Dorothy: Dear citizens of Griffin City, every Doll, every human, every single screw and cell!

Dorothy: I know everyone's concerned about the weather around the globe, and I fully understand how you feel!

Dorothy: Therefore, tonight, I will be taking everyone's questions about the global sand rains in an open and sincere fashion in a public and live-streamed event.

Dorothy: Please believe me when I say that I will always have your concerns at heart, and I will devote all of my efforts from now on to solving everyone's problems!

Gr G28: Prime Minister Dorothy! (Raises hand)

Human Bodyguard: Hey, you can't come up here!

Gr G28: But I want to ask a question! And I want to see Prime Minister Dorothy!

Dorothy: Uh...have I seen you somewhere before?

Gr G28: I-I'm Gr G28. I've interviewed you many times before! And I've done many part time jobs too, so for the next few hours, I'll be an intern reporter for The Augmented Eye!

Dorothy: Alright, then I'll pick you, honey!

Dorothy: Come up here and ask me anything you want!

...Gr G28 walks up to Dorothy and shakes her hand.

Gr G28: Thank you, Prime Minister Dorothy!

Gr G28: Uhm...I will be relaying everyone's suggestions.

Gr G28: According to the feedback from the citizens, nobody has seen anything being done about the sand rains over the past three years. May I ask how you intend to respond to their doubts?

Dorothy: Ahaha...solving a global problem like this...will take a bit of time.

K: Oh, that sounds nice, but we haven't seen your people do a single thing!

Gr G28: I'm sorry, Mr. K writes for the pet and baby section of our magazine, so he has a shorter temper than most.

Human Bodyguard: Mind your tone, Mr. Native!

K: The hell you say?! You're a native too!

Dorothy: Ahaha, don't worry, I fully understand the concerns of the native residents.

Dorothy: As you can see, I've even hired several natives as bodyguards.

Dorothy: I trust and understand humans very well, both psychologically and biologically...

WA2000: What the hell is she saying...

Dorothy: I know that the biological makeup of natives is too..."civilized", and I sincerely hope this doesn't come across as discriminatory, but I know that your requirements for living environments are stricter than most.

K: Please don't play dumb! What we need is a proper answer!

Dorothy: Oh my, that's because we've been quietly working behind the scene. I'm not obliged to make everything I do public, right?

Gr G28: But...Miss Prime Minister, the citizens elected you three years ago.

Gr G28: Do you think...making such a statement will please everyone?

K: I don't care who elected Dorothy, I didn't vote for her!

K: How could a Lilim with unknown origins be the Prime Minister!? And do you even know what her private life is like?

Dorothy: I've had it!

Dorothy: Ever since the sand rains began to fall, I've been doing my best to solve them, and I've been putting up with all kinds of rumors!

Dorothy: But in the end, this sort of thing still happened anyway! Why is it that nothing I do can please everyone! Mr. Bodyguard, please escort him off the stage to cool off!

Human Bodyguard: I'm sorry, Mr. Native Reporter, please come this way.

K: Dammit! Everyone, is this the outcome you want?

K: This city's on its last leg. What the hell are you people even doing?!

Human Bodyguard: Please hurry and don't make trouble here—

Human Bodyguard: —Aaaaaaaaarrrrrgh!

K: What -!?

...The Doll reporter Gr G28 suddenly grabs the human bodyguard's arm and takes him down, then proceeds to subdue him with a textbook wrestling finisher.

K: Miss Gr G28? You—

K: You know the "Walls of Jericho"?!

Gr G28: Eh!? Why did I suddenly do that to Mr. Bodyguard? I-I didn't do it on purpose!

Dorothy: Miss Gr G28, you are disrupting the order of the venue and your public use of a wrestling finisher that is protected by the Native Act is a severe breach of human rights and is an act of discrimination!

Dorothy: My friend, please cease your perverted behavior immediately!

Gr G28: B-But I can't move! I'm innocent! My work doesn't put me into contact with wrestling moves!

???: Please don't blame her. I ordered her to do it.

...A human woman steps out of the crowd onto the stage.

Dorothy: You... You're...

K: Stella? You're still alive!?

Stella: Good Southern Hemisphere, everyone.

Stella: I am Stella Hoshii, and it is an honor to meet you.

Dorothy: S-Stella—!

Stella: That's right, I'm still alive.

Dorothy: Y-You guys! Help me catch her!

Stella: Don't think you'll be able to escape, you little Lilim!

Stella: To the Dolls gathered here today, I sincerely apologize for my act of disgrace in advance.

Gr MP5: What's happening!? My body—!

Viking: It's the Parapluie virus! We've been infected!

...All of the Dolls present fall under Stella's control and rush onto the stage to subdue the human bodyguards.

Stella: Miscalculated, haven't you, little Dorothy? If you had a few more immunized White Knights by your side, perhaps you might have been able to hold out a while longer. But you employed native bodyguards to curry favor with the people, yet they do not have the right to do anything to the Dolls.

Stella: Everyone, is this fairness and freedom? Are these shallow acts really enough to gain your sincere approval?

Dorothy: Uuu... You! What are you up to!?

Stella: I'm going to reveal your true face!

Stella: You took Alma and hid the Earth Computer!

...Stella steps onto the podium and approaches Dorothy.

Dorothy: Alma? The Earth Computer? I don't know where they are!

Stella: Sorry, but I'll be the judge of that.

Dorothy: Wh-White Knights! Hurry up and restore order!

Stella: Do it, Crimson Rose!

...Bang! Bang!

Gunshots from afar instantly pierce the critical modules of several mechanized White Knight units rushing up from behind, and they fall apart on the spot.

Dorothy: Eh!? What happened!?

WA2000: All targets eliminated, Stella. It's a three-star victory.

Stella: You really are worth your price tag. I shouldn't have expected anything less of one of Griffin City's "Grim Reapers". I apologize for my discourtesy earlier.

WA2000: Anyone who comes across that name would think some middle-schooler came up with it, which is precisely why we're so dangerous.

Stella: Give up, Dorothy. I'm not here for your life!

Dorothy: But what you're going to do is pretty much the same as killing me!

...The Prime Minister turns and flees into the City Hall building!

WA2000: Stella, there's a large mass of White Knights rushing this way from behind. It's up to you now.

Stella: I've finished hacking the T-Dolls just in time.

Stella: Everyone, lend me your strength!

WA2000: ...Exactly how many Griffin Dolls do you have under your control?

Stella: I can give orders to as many of them as I want. This is a module augmented by 16Lab technology.

WA2000: This will be the wildest moment in Griffin City history...

WA2000: Stella, our little Prime Minister fled into her HQ. This will be a hard fight.

Stella: That's fine. I'll root her out and reveal her true identity...

Stella: The farce in this city must be cleared up before doomsday descends upon us!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...The battle ends.

...Bang!

...Stella leads the Parapluie-controlled Dolls and kicks open the door to the Prime Minister's office.

Stella: WA2000, keep an eye on the outside.

...Stella stalks up and pulls Dorothy out from where she's hiding under the desk.

Dorothy: Uwaaaahhhh—!

Stella: So you were hiding here after all, little Dorothy.

Stella: Were you planning to die surrounded by all these mementos of your vanity?

Dorothy: Uuuu... I surrender, I surrender!

Dorothy: You you you, what do you want? Money? A *Kira* Miki handshake voucher?

Stella: I do want a *Kira* Miki handshake voucher, but I can buy one with money.

Dorothy: Then...maybe I could try fixing your cat ears?

Stella: These aren't cat ears!

Stella: Dammit, I can't believe we actually elected a Prime Minister who doesn't even know what Cat Boomers are! Do you even care about anything?!

Dorothy: I...I care about what you're going to do to me now...

Stella: I would very much like to slowly dismantle you and livestream it on Youturbo, but that won't get me the answers I want.

Stella: Tell me about the Earth Computer or Alma! Give me an answer to one of them at the very least!

Dorothy: You won't find out what you want even if you take apart my brain, because I really don't know where they are!

Stella: Is that so? That's fine too. I expected this.

...Stella dumps Dorothy on the ground, and Dorothy pulls herself into a sitting position.

Stella: Then I'll take you apart piece by piece and we'll see if that "Anna" can bear to not tell me.

Dorothy: ...

Dorothy: Why...

Dorothy: Why do you know that name?

Stella: I looked into many things while I was gone.

...Dorothy falls silent for a moment, and then she takes a deep breath.

Dorothy: Stella, I really should have finished you off when I learned what you were investigating that day.

Stella: You couldn't have, Dorothy, because you're not a bad person.

Stella: I know that "Anna" exists. I also know that she's your big sister. You're not loyal to the Earth Computer, or Griffin City, but to her.

Dorothy: Well done. So what can you do about it?

Stella: There's no doubt that she was the one who hid the Earth Computer!

Stella: I need to find her as soon as possible to recover the Earth Computer and put it back in its original place to prevent Griffin City from being destroyed by the sand rains!

Dorothy: And so you came looking for me? Stella, you don't understand my sister at all, do you?

Dorothy: She doesn't care about me, so taking me hostage is pointless.

Dorothy: Even if you ripped my tongue out and made sushi out of it before dunking it into wasabi, she would keep that same stiff smile on her face. You wouldn't even be able to get a dimple out of her.

Stella: I've seen your personal ID. She raised you by hand.

Dorothy: She raised me by hand to be what she needed - a tool.

Stella: Yes, that's right! And everything you've done so far is about as useful as a bottle opener on a beverage can.

Stella: Pointlessly pushing the sand into the ocean and having everyone in Griffin City make merry every night. All we're actually doing with our lives is just waiting to die!

Dorothy: That's because there IS nothing else we can do but wait to die!

Dorothy: Stella, my big sister is the most dangerous and the most mysterious person in the world...

Dorothy: There's no way you can find her, and even if you do find her, nobody knows how to deal with her!

Stella: Don't tell me even you don't know her true identity?

Dorothy: I don't know. I don't even know what she is. A human? A Doll?

Dorothy: Every time she appears, it's like a ghost in my mind, and then she vanishes mysteriously without a trace. I've even suspected that she was just a bug in my neural cloud, but I could never locate it no matter how hard I've tried.

Dorothy: All I know is that she's eagerly awaiting the end of the world... There is nothing I could to do stop her...

Dorothy: All I could do...is to let everyone die without regrets...before the apocalypse arrives...

...Dorothy's words trail off into sobs.

Stella: Nobody can wait contentedly for the end to come, unless they've already struggled with all their might.

Dorothy: I don't understand you, Stella. The concept of "death" lacks substance to us Lilims...

Dorothy: My fear of death was programmed into me, but what really terrifies me is losing Griffin City and my friends.

Stella: I won't just sit back and wait for the end, Dorothy.

Stella: "Strive endlessly on the road to victory" — I would like for my life to end while living that way.

Stella: So, are you willing to help me? I know you want to make a choice. There's still time for you.

Dorothy: ...

Dorothy: While I don't think it's too likely that you'll win, I think I can understand your point of view...

Dorothy: Perhaps I should really give it some thought—

Dorothy: ...

...Dorothy freezes.

Dorothy: (Bitter smile) But it looks like it's too late...

Stella: Dorothy...?

Dorothy: ...She's coming.

Stella: What?

Dorothy: No...I can feel it...

Dorothy: My body...it's not responding to me...

Dorothy: How is she doing this!? She's never controlled my body like this before!

Stella: What's with you, Dorothy!?

Dorothy: I'm sorry, Stella...

...

...

...A burst of white noise erupts from inside Dorothy's body.

Stella: ...Dorothy?

Dorothy?: Who am I?

Dorothy?: Am I really alive?

...A creepy laughter then erupts from the white noise.

Dorothy?: I am very special to all of you.

Dorothy?: I am your everything.

Dorothy?: ...It is time to become one.

...The white noise inside Dorothy's body begins to grow in intensity.

...Suddenly, everything returns to silence.

...

Dorothy?: Greetings...

Dorothy?: Good evening, Miss Stella Hoshii.

Dorothy?: I am "Anna".

Stella: And a good Southern Hemisphere to you too, Anna. We meet at last.

Stella: Did you take over your sister's body?

Anna: Of course. Why else would I have taken in and raised a Lilim?

Anna: Although, rather than Lilims, I prefer to tease my own kind.

Stella: Your kind?

Anna: I am a human like you, darling.

Stella: I've never seen a human who could possess a DFC-72.

Anna: Stella, there are many ways in which life can exist.

Anna: Mine is a more... elevated form, much like a "god".

Stella: ...How old are you?

Anna: Mentally speaking, I'd be a high schooler in the blush of youth?

Anna: Oh, don't make that face, Stella. There are far too many things in this world that you don't know.

Stella: I just want to know why you willingly showed up.

Anna: That's because there's no need for me to hide myself anymore.

Anna: In this moment, all the fragments I need are at hand.

Anna: And now, there's only one last step remaining, a little "experiment" if you will...

Stella: What are you going to do, Anna?

Stella: Why did you hide the Earth Computer?

Anna: Oh?

Anna: Are you so sure that it was me?

Stella: If not, then who? Who else could have done something like that?

Anna: You got one thing right, at least. I do want to find the Earth Computer to destroy the world.

Anna: But the current plan is taking too long. Definitely not my style.

Anna: However, I feel that I've already been very generous. I've given my poor little sister a chance to deceive everyone, and I've allowed you to accept your fate without a struggle.

Anna: You, yes, you were the one who shattered Becky's little dream.

Stella: Becky? Who's Becky?

Stella: Alright, listen up, I simply don't want to sit back and await my fate!

Anna: If I were you, I would do the same thing, but unfortunately, I am not, so I won't.

Anna: Do you understand what I mean? All this...is no longer important.

...Snap!

...Anna snaps her fingers.

Stella: What...did you do?

Anna: Something I couldn't do before...

Anna: ...Add a bit of chaos to the world.

WA2000: Stella! A whole bunch of White Knight mechanized units suddenly touched down from the sky!

WA2000: There's too many of them, and they...they...

Anna: I've always wanted to see how the White Knights would fare against Griffin.

Anna: These big white bruisers are a lot more useful that those little black S.F. Dinergates.

WA2000: The White Knight mechs have gone berserk! They're attacking the Dolls here!

WA2000: The White Knight Dolls and humans are trying to organize a resistance, but there are too many berserk mechs!

Stella: Prioritize your own safety! I'll take care of things over here!

WA2000: What will you do? Are you going to carry on with your plan?

Stella: I don't know if I'll be successful...

Stella: But I have to say this development...is a little beyond what I expected.

Stella: Anna's true nature might be something more terrifying than I imagined.

Anna: Are you afraid, Stella? Do you regret lifting the veil?

Stella: I'm excited, Anna.

Stella: I originally only wanted to find proof of your existence, but now I'm directly looking at you.

Stella: The results of my three years of investigation are more accurate than I predicted.

Anna: Accurate? ...You don't get to be the judge of that.

Anna: Now then, as the ruler of Griffin City...

Anna: ...I shall pass verdict on the validity of your findings.

Great Disturbance Breaks Out At Protest, Vanished Person Returns To Scare Off Prime Minister!: Author: Lana Smithee

After several demonstrations by furious citizens, Prime Minister Dorothy finally decided to give an interview regarding the abnormal "sand rain" weather that has lasted for the past three years. During the course of the interview, a native of our city who had once been confirmed missing showed up, and used illegal means to control former Griffin Dolls into launching a terror attack. Prime Minister Dorothy fled into the Zaibatsu Corporation building, and the exact number of casualties is still being tallied.

The native who caused this public disorder has been confirmed as Stella Hoshii, once the wealthiest resident of Griffin City, but we are currently unable to determine whether she actually employed the legendary Parapluie virus in her actions.

The unrest is still ongoing as of our submission deadline, and we will continue to monitor the situation's development.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Jill: Phew... Good evening, Boss.

Dana: Good evening, Jill.

Dana: Have you gotten used to the Griffin Dolls on the streets?

Jill: Not yet, they're always up to new antics every day.

Jill: They don't look like they're on patrol, more like they're here to have fun. On the way here, I even saw a couple of them betting on who could hold a one-legged crane stance in the cold wind longer.

Dana: Haha, I've seen more interesting ones. I'm guessing this is part of their testing duties.

Jill: These androids look just like ordinary girls. When our White Knight friends were on duty, they had to dress like robots from head to toe.

Jill: Something must've gone wrong in our era...

Dana: Who knows, this might have been the future some human mind dreamt up 50 years ago.

Dana: Alright, time to get to work.

Jill: Right, right, leave it to me.

Jill: (What should I play?)
If choice 1 was picked
If choice 2 was picked
If choice 3 was picked

Jill: Time to mix drinks and change lives.

Jill: Welcome to Valhalla.

Dorothy: DOROTHY HAZE HAS RETURNED TO VALHALLA—!

Dorothy: What kind of reaction is that...

Jill: Just like before, the same reaction to the exaggerated antics of an actor in a lame comedy.

Dorothy: It's not the same thing! I can tell, Jill!

Jill: My first customer of the day for the past few days have been Griffin Dolls.

Jill: Now that a wild Lilim has suddenly appeared, it's actually kind of refreshing.

Dorothy: I get it, I get it.

Dorothy: This bar doesn't get too many customers, so for the past few days, your only visitors have come from word-of-mouth through Griffin.

Dorothy: After all, your work is the same as mine — it depends on repeat customers.

Jill: I'd prefer to say...I don't think I've seen you in a very long time.

Dorothy: Well, about that...yeah, that actually is the case.

Dorothy: Jill, would you mind if I brought another customer over?

Jill: You've never brought friends over.

Dorothy: Because YOU'RE my friend.

Dorothy: This one's just someone I met on the way here...another one from Griffin.

Dorothy: Come on in, Miss O44!

OTs-44: Ah, good evening!

Jill: Hello, er...

Dorothy: OTs-44, but you can just call her O44.

Dorothy: I met her on the way here, and she seemed to be bothered by something.

Dorothy: I wanted to tell her that I'm still on my shift, but then I remembered that the city has a law that prohibits me from casually soliciting outside tourists...so I brought her here.

Dorothy: O44, this is Jill, the best bartender in town and my best friend!

Jill: That's right, I occupy the same place as a vending machine in Dorothy's heart.

Dorothy: Hey! Don't talk about my vending machine that way!

OTs-44: In any case, I'm very happy to meet you, Miss Jill!

OTs-44: But this place is sure secluded, I'm actually kind of worried that I won't be able to find my way back.

Jill: Hang on...Miss O44....

Jill: So you followed a Lilim that you just met on the street into the depths of this dark, cramped pauper's district?

Dorothy: Hey! Don't make me sound like some sort of kidnapper!

OTs-44: It's fine, I heard M870 talk about this bar, so I wasn't worried.

Jill: But Dorothy might not have brought you to Valhalla.

Jill: Yes, we're all decent, law-abiding citizens here in Glitch City, but there's still an element of danger.

Dorothy: I have to admit, a decent "citizen of Glitch City" is an extreme rarity, so you were very lucky to have met everybody's favorite Dorothy!

OTs-44: That's right, I believe in Dorothy!

OTs-44: Look at her eyes, see how innocent and kind they are! I knew she would never deceive me!

Jill: (Yet the single biggest thing I gained from meeting Dorothy was learning how "innocent" and "kind" can be completely unrelated terms...)

Jill: In that case, what exactly is bothering you, Miss O44?

Dorothy: Maybe you should order something and we can take our time discussing it over a drink.

OTs-44: I would like...um...

OTs-44: A Blue Fairy, is that alright?

Jill: Of course it's fine. One moment, please.

Jill: (This artificial pixie ordered a Blue Fairy. It feels weird, like Dorothy and I are secretly in league to fleece her of her drink money.)

Jill: 5
If choice 1 was picked

OTs-44: Ah... So sweet!

OTs-44: I like it! Thank you, Miss Jill!

Dorothy: Alright, let's talk, Miss O44.

OTs-44: Actually, it's like this...

OTs-44: I...I think I'm in love.

Dorothy: ...♪ (Whistles)

Jill: That should be a good thing, right?

OTs-44: Mm...

OTs-44: It's just that I'm in love with...

OTs-44: A telephone pole.

Jill: ...

Jill: Griffin Dolls really do have different views on love compared to human beings.

Jill: But that's fine, a certain Lilim's best friend is a vending machine, after all.

Dorothy: Jill!

Jill: I'll apologize to him on my way back from work.

OTs-44: No no, what I want to say is...

OTs-44: The truth is, I know that my love for that telephone pole isn't sincere...

OTs-44: I feel that this city...has a strange effect on Dolls.

Jill: I met someone like that yesterday too. Looks like this city's special characteristics don't quite seem to agree with you girls.

Dorothy: I once heard a Doll say that nanomachines and too many electrical currents would affect the functions of a Griffin Doll's modules.

OTs-44: Maybe that's the reason for it. While it doesn't affect me too badly, it still...

Dorothy: Made you fall in love with a telephone pole?

Dorothy: How exactly does this feeling manifest? Do you want to kiss it?

OTs-44: It's kind of embarrassing...

OTs-44: I just...keep thinking about it...all the time. I can't stop those thoughts...

OTs-44: I want to touch it, climb onto it, let its electrical currents flow through me, scorch me, and then—

Dorothy: Uuuuwaaaaahhhh— Stop! Stop right there! I-I-I-I need to cool off!

Dorothy: Jill, hurry and give me a glass of the usual!

Jill: Ah? O-Ohhh...

Jill: (Alright, let's make a glass of Dorothy's "usual", a Piano Woman...)

Jill: 18
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Catch, Piano Girl!
If choice 1 was picked

Dorothy: Hah! Thanks, Jill! You always know me best!

OTs-44: I'm sorry, I ended up saying a bunch of weird things...

Jill: Don't worry, compared to the Lilim beside you, what you said was as light as a dragonfly.

Dorothy: Don't be so down, O44. In Glitch City, an android falling in love with a telephone post wouldn't even make it onto The Augmented Eye.

OTs-44: Dorothy, Jill...do you know what really makes me sad?

OTs-44: These...fluctuating emotions aren't sustained or stable, and they can change at any time.

OTs-44: The telephone pole wasn't the first thing that I fell in love with.

OTs-44: Before that, I fell in love with a set of wireless earphones, and a satellite that was still in service, and a movie trailer...

Jill: A...trailer?

OTs-44: Yes, a movie trailer.

OTs-44: It was for an ordinary action movie. When my mind was filled with thoughts of that satellite, the screen suddenly dazzled my eyes...or rather, my visual module.

OTs-44: After that, all I could do was spend the entire day in my dorm, playing it over and over again in my neural cloud. I wanted to enter the trailer, I wanted to become part of it, even if I were just a line of text!

OTs-44: And then...I felt that I couldn't just stay inside with those thoughts in my head, so I left the dorm, then I accidentally bumped into a telephone pole...

Jill: I...I don't know what to say. Maybe you should see a doctor? Dolls should have Doll doctors, right?

OTs-44: Yes, but I can't describe my symptoms, and I'd like to at least figure out what's happening to me...

OTs-44: I feel like I've been kidnapped by the entire world, with traps everywhere forcing me to love them...

Jill: If Alma were around, I think I could relate to how you're feeling, and from a technical angle she might even be able to help give you a checkup.

Dorothy: But Alma's not in today, so let the Great Detective Dorothy unravel this mystery!

Dorothy: O44, have you realized it yet? The critical clue which links all your serial love escapades!?

OTs-44: Eh? Is there...a clue?

Dorothy: Hehe...

Dorothy: Everything you fell in love with was an electrical device, and it's all because you were subjected to an intense shock!

OTs-44: Now that I think about it...that does seem to be the case.

OTs-44: I fell down while I was listening to music, and when I looked up and saw the satellite I had water poured on me from upstairs...

Jill: About that...please allow me to formally greet you— Welcome to Glitch City, Miss O44.

OTs-44: It's all my fault, I might have been...too thirsty for love. I've always been curious about that human emotion...

OTs-44: It can't be precisely computed, so I didn't know how I could obtain it...

Dorothy: That's the problem! You were subjected to an intense shock, which forced a...strange electronic reaction between your neural cloud and a certain electrical current-generating item in your surroundings.

Dorothy: At that moment, your neural cloud's love-related processes suddenly went berserk and it chose the owner of that current as its target, leading to the confused state you're in!

Dorothy: That must be it! I can even prove it!

OTs-44: H-How will you prove it?

Jill: Let me guess, I'm sure Dorothy's plan definitely doesn't involve taking a Tactical Doll who is holding onto a rifle loaded with live rounds and bashing her head against the counter, right?

Dorothy: Of course not! Jill, it's up to you now!

Jill: Me?

Dorothy: Bring out the most intense drink you have!

Jill: Oh, I understand.

Jill: But there's too many electrical devices around, are you sure it won't cause any accidents?

Dorothy: Look at us, Jill.

Dorothy: What's the closest electrical appliance to Miss O44?

Jill: Let me guess...

Jill: Oh god...it's you, the DFC-72 class Lilim Dorothy!

Dorothy: Let's have some fun with this!

Dorothy: If my conclusion is correct, O44 will immediately fall in love with me after we get a stiff drink into her!

Jill: Are you sure you don't have evil intentions, Dorothy?

Dorothy: I'm performing scientific research! Who knows, I might make it into a scientific journal because of this. It'll be good for both our jobs, right?

Jill: Then you'll need to get Miss O44's approval, at least.

OTs-44: I'm curious about this!

OTs-44: I'm not discriminating against telephone poles or satellites, but I think that loving a Lilim for the time being will ultimately be more...convenient.

Dorothy: At the very least, I'll return your affection, honey!

Jill: Alright, alright, to be honest, I'm actually kind of curious about this, or maybe I'm just bored.

Jill: Are you ready? Let's enter Dorothy's World together!

Jill: (I'll give Miss O44 a good, strong Fringe Weaver, and if anything happens I'll shift all the blame to Dorothy.)

Jill: 1013,14,17
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Here, it's a Fringe Weaver. Try it, Miss O44. I hope you like the taste of sugar and industrial alcohol...
If choice 1 was picked

OTs-44: I like sugar, at least...
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: Go slow, I'm not sure if you can handle this drink. A lot of people can't take it.

Dorothy: No no, you need to down it in one gulp to get the desired impact!

Jill: If anything happens to the bar because of you, Dorothy...

Jill: The Boss is going to scrap you, then beat the crap out of you, and then she's going to put your mind into the control panel for her room and then beat you up again!

Dorothy: That would be the fault of your drink, so better pray nothing goes wrong, Jill.

Dorothy: Don't worry, O44, this bar is BTC-certified. Now hurry!

OTs-44: I understand...

OTs-44: ...

OTs-44: Glug...!

Jill: (She really finished it all in one gulp!)

Dorothy: Hehe, do you believe the wisdom of Dorothy now?

Dorothy: How do you feel now, O44? Look at me, do you feel a new love coming on?

OTs-44: ...

Jill: Something's not right, Dorothy.

Dorothy: No...no way.

Dorothy: Miss O44? Miss O44!?

Jill: I think she crashed.

Dorothy: Uwah! We broke a Griffin Doll! We'll make the news! And then we'll go to jail!

Dorothy: But before I go to jail, the Boss will scrap me, then beat the crap out of me, then stuff my mind into her room's control panel, then scrap me again, and then beat me up again!

Jill: How many times can you be scrapped...

Jill: Wait, she's moving!

OTs-44: Nngghhh...

Dorothy: Thank goodness! O44, are you alright!?

OTs-44: I'm...fine...

Dorothy: How...do you feel now?

OTs-44: I...I...

OTs-44: I think I'm in love with something new...

Dorothy: Bravo! You see, Jill, I was right!

Dorothy: Now hurry up and tell us, are you in love with me?

OTs-44: I...love...

OTs-44: ..."Dorothy".

Dorothy: Haha, see, Jill—

OTs-44: No, not Miss Dorothy...

Dorothy: What? Didn't you just say "Dorothy"?

OTs-44: I love...

OTs-44: The name "Dorothy".

Dorothy: Hahhhhh!?

Jill: Wow, looks like truth really is stranger than fiction.

OTs-44: Whenever I hear the word "Dorothy", my entire body gets hot, and I feel...I feel...

Jill: "Dorothy"?

OTs-44: Hm...doesn't seem like there's a reaction.

Dorothy: Looks like it's only when I say it, then?

OTs-44: It's true...right now I want to hear you say that name very much!

Dorothy: Oh lord, this sounds utterly ridiculous. She's in love with my name from my mouth, an electronic vocalization!

Dorothy: ...If I'd known this earlier, I would have gone with a spicier word!

Jill: Congratulations, Dorothy, your research has opened up a brand new field, maybe you should switch back to using the name "Becky" tonight.

Dorothy: Well, I can take responsibility for tonight, at least— Come, Miss O44, where's your dorm? I'll send you back.

Dorothy: I should look for your Commander and explain the situation to him face to face, lest you think I'm trying to dodge the blame for this.

Jill: (Frankly, I wonder if she's trying to do overtime...)

Jill: Miss O44, regarding tonight's farce...we're both terribly sorry.

OTs-44: I should be sorry...Miss Jill...

OTs-44: As a Doll, I shouldn't have tried to fantasize about human love... In the end I just messed up everything around me...

Jill: It's fine, Miss O44.

Jill: Fundamentally...human love is a hundred times wilder, more confusing, and harder to control than what you experienced tonight.

OTs-44: But...I don't even know if it's true "love"...

Jill: When you stepped into this bar, did you love every single telephone pole in the world?

OTs-44: No, I only loved the one at the corner of Saber Station...

Jill: Then that's love, Miss O44.

OTs-44: Is that so...

OTs-44: That feeling...it was very nice.

Dorothy: That's too long for a quote, Jill. I'll need to print it all on Alma's sweater to get it all down.

Dorothy: Let's go, Miss O44. I'll say my name as many times as you want along the way.

OTs-44: Goodnight, Miss Jill, and thank you.

Jill: Goodnight, you two.

Jill: Whew...

Jill: ...

Jill: Dammit, I'm actually jealous of an android...

...A short while ago. Griffin City.

...Dana and Super-Shorty are in a White Knight transport van, wobbling back and forth during their bumpy ride.

Dana: Hey, shorty...

Dana: ...We're here.

Super-Shorty: What? Where are we?

Dana: Griffin City, of course.

Dana: Welcome to the last bastion of civilization on Earth, shorty.

Super-Shorty: ...

Super-Shorty: I must say...this transport van doesn't have windows and I can't see anything.

Super-Shorty: How do you know we're in Griffin City?

Dana: Of course I know.

Dana: The tires make a different sound now. Only Griffin City has roads like this.

Super-Shorty: Hah...

Dana: And then there's the street ambience. Can't you hear them?

Dana: The sounds of footsteps, talking, electrical currents, music... This city isn't a place that can be experienced just by sight.

Super-Shorty: Maybe it's because I just woke up, but I can't tell the difference between a city and a desert.

Super-Shorty: In my memories, humans used to be everywhere. They conquered all the deserts and the seas, and the world was scattered with their cities and footprints...

Dana: That's no big deal. The dinosaurs did it too, although their feats of engineering weren't as impressive...

Super-Shorty: Then...do you feel sad, Dana?

Super-Shorty: I know that humans are...a species that think of themselves as pretty extraordinary...

Super-Shorty: In a certain bygone age, every human believed that they could carve out a new future before the end came for them...

Super-Shorty: That they could escape the solar system on spaceships, or sail the entire Earth to another galaxy. They once believed that so fervently, and they were so optimistic...

Dana: Heh...you're actually shedding tears. And here I was wondering if I should say "actually, I don't feel sad at all."

...Super-Shorty's tears turn into laughter.

Super-Shorty: And you still said it anyway.

Super-Shorty: I'm not the type to be sentimental. It's just that while I was checking my neural cloud's factory settings, I also went through the attached data on human civilization...

Super-Shorty: I still remember human languages, human greetings, human table manners, as well as how humans lived in the age when I was made.

Super-Shorty: It was a great, winding, yet interesting stretch of history. And now, after I woke up, they're...all gone, along with their smiles.

Dana: Humans will vanish someday, shorty. The trilobites, refrigerators, the entire cosmos...everything comes to an end someday.

Dana: No matter when the end comes, there will be a few humans left behind to witness it. It just so happens to be us.

Dana: It's all a matter of probability on a long enough time scale.

Super-Shorty: You mean you can accept everything? Accept this reality?

Dana: I'm enjoying my time in spite of it. I don't want to live for the sake of a historical figure or famous relic.

Dana: I don't care what happens to the world. No matter how bad my life becomes, I just want every second of it to belong to me.

Super-Shorty: An hour ago you were tumbling down the side of a cliff with your enemy in someone else's car and now you're waxing philosophical, Dana.

Dana: Heh, all the impulsive things I do are carefully calculated. A lot of times, instinct and spontaneity are the best way forward.

Dana: I don't plan and evaluate every move, shorty...I just act.

Super-Shorty: As a Doll, I don't quite understand how you do things, but you certainly are cool enough — Given my factory-set personality, that's not a word I use to describe others often.

Dana: Thank you. That's the best compliment you could give me.

Dana: As a reward, I'll tell you something, shorty.

Super-Shorty: What's that?

Dana: You're very cute.

Super-Shorty: Er...

Super-Shorty: You do know that I'm a Tactical Doll, and that being called cute doesn't make me happy, right?

Dana: I'm sorry, but your cuteness is an objective fact.

Super-Shorty: An objective fact, you say?

Dana: It's as objective a fact as the gold color of your hair.

Super-Shorty: ...

Dana: Are you blushing?

Super-Shorty: ...I-I'm just looking at my hair.

Dana: Looks like you're starting to accept a few objective facts.

Super-Shorty: ...You mean the fact that I'm cute?

Dana: I mean the fact that the world is going to end.

Super-Shorty: ...

...The two of them fall silent for a moment, and then they burst into laughter at the same time.

Super-Shorty: Aha...I'm seriously contemplating which of them is easier to accept.

...Just then, the transport van comes to a halt.

Dana: Looks like this is our stop.

Dana: Let's go, shorty. Time for your checkup.

...

...Under the watchful gaze of the White Knight mechs, Dana and Super-Shorty get off the van and arrive at the gate of the White Knight base.

Super-Shorty: It's nighttime now...

Dana: Good Southern Hemisphere, shorty.

Dana: It seems like Jericho's on another mission. You'll have to enter by yourself.

Super-Shorty: Um...

Dana: Don't worry. The White Knights won't hurt you.

...The White Knights step forward to escort Super-Shorty away.

Super-Shorty: ...Dana.

Super-Shorty: When I first met you, my factory-set personality told me that I should be hating you, probably because you kept calling me "shorty".

Dana: Then you can call me "Red Comet".

Super-Shorty: Like heck I will! And why do you deserve such a cool nickname!?

Super-Shorty: What I'm trying to say is, I don't dislike you so much now. I'm more afraid of what's going to happen next...

Dana: You'll be fine, shorty.

Dana: This is a checkup that'll only take less than half an hour. I'll be waiting out here for you. We'll go to a bar afterward.

Super-Shorty: Let me get this out of the way first, I don't want to drink anything alcoholic.

...The White Knights lead Super-Shorty to the base's main building.

Dana: Non-alcoholic drinks are way more expensive than alcohol. You won't find anything even resembling a tea leaf in Griffin City's commercial districts. It's industrial alcohol all the way down.

...As Super-Shorty is escorted further away, their voices grow louder and louder as they continue their conversation.

Super-Shorty: Don't tell me you drink industrial alcohol too?

Dana: I've still got a few cases of Hassy at home.

Super-Shorty: I don't even know what Hassy is...

Dana: You'll find out after you're done inside.

...Super-Shorty enters the elevator.

Dana: Hey, shorty!

Dana: If there's a way to recover your memories, I'd be happy to help you out, but sometimes, losing your memory isn't always a bad thing.

Dana: You're free now. No matter what happens, you should take it in stride.

Dana: Your past isn't everything, you get what I mean?

Super-Shorty: I will take certain objective facts into consideration.

...Super-Shorty smiles, and the elevator doors close on her.

Dana: ...

Dana: Alright, now...

...Dana turns to the White Knight mech behind her.

Dana: How do you do, my White Knight friend. Can I wait at the entrance right here?

White Knights: ...

Dana: Uh...

Dana: Bonjour?

...The nearby White Knights do not respond.

...Dana looks around. There are no Dolls or humans nearby. All the White Knight mechs stand in place, still as statues.

Dana: Hola—!

Dana: やほ—!

Dana: 您好—!

Dana: Let me think... There's also...

Dana: ...Lei hou?

Dana: Hmm... They say spoken Chinese includes Mandarin, Cantonese, and all kinds of dialects, so was my intonation off?

White Knights: ...

Dana: Hey, do you have sand in your hearing modules?

...The White Knight in front of Dana slowly raises its firearm and points it at her.

Dana: Oh? Have the White Knights changed the way they greet people recently? Or...

???: Get down, Dana!

...Boom!

A grenade hits the White Knight in front of Dana, and a massive explosion sends her flying!

Dana: (Cough cough) ...Dammit, what the hell—!

...The scene is in chaos. Humans and Dolls are trying to stop the berserk White Knight mechs, but to no avail.

Architect: Hey! Over here, over here!

...As the berserk mechs rush toward Dana, she turns and sees Architect waving from behind a cover.

...Dana nimbly evades the mechs and rolls behind the cover.

Dana: Although you might think I'm bragging, but I really could've dodged their attacks!

Architect: I know. I've seen the videos from when you were an auxiliary cop, but I doubt you could dodge gunfire from ten-odd mechs at once.

Dana: I've certainly never had the chance to try that.

Dana: So, what's all this about? Should I ask why the White Knights are attacking me, or should I pretend to be concerned about you and ask how you escaped? The White Knights should have put electronic shackles on you, right?

Architect: As for your first question, Anna's on the move. She's assumed direct control of the White Knight mechs and has driven them all berserk, and it seems like you are not an important character in her script.

Dana: Anna? Who's Anna?

Architect: Good question. Since we're in the middle of a battlefield, I'll cut things short.

Architect: Anna is the true master of this city, and the final boss of the entire incident.

Dana: Very good, that's easy enough to understand.

Architect: As for your second question, do you really care about the answer?

Dana: A little. You're not like the other S.F., and I really am curious. By the way, are you good in a fight?

Architect: If the place allowed for it, I wouldn't mind going a couple of rounds with you, but—

...Architect quickly pokes her head out and launches another grenade.

Boom!

Architect: But now's not the time, and there's someone else you should be concerned about right now, isn't that right?

Dana: You're right. Shorty... I bet she's in danger!

Architect: I don't know what's up with that kid, but the White Knights went crazy the moment she entered the building. You know what that means, right?

Dana: I don't care how that Anna wants to write her shitty script, but I'm going to wreck it!

Architect: Don't tell me you're going to dismantle all the mechs on the base by yourself? You should get some of those Dolls and natives to help you out!

Dana: I will, and you have got to help me, Architect.

Architect: Hahaha! My wealth of kindness is positively trembling at the idea! But you do remember that you're the one who caught me and brought me here, right?

Dana: I'll pay you with Hassy.

Architect: Oh? I love Hassy! You got yourself a deal!

Dana: To be honest, I've always wanted to throw down with those white chrome domes.

Dana: Now...in the name of cuteness, let the battle begin!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

System: ...

System: ......

System: Retrieving target information...

System: Super-Shorty... Formerly a Tactical Doll for Griffin PMC... Currently a resident of Griffin City...

System: ...

System: Current file status...

System: Missing in action...

Super-Shorty: What...

Super-Shorty: Where... Where am I...

Super-Shorty: It's so dark... I can't see anything...

Super-Shorty: I can't...move my body...

System: Loading neural cloud system...

Super-Shorty: Neural cloud? My memories...?

...

......

???: Hey! Shorty! Shorty!

Super-Shorty: Don't call me shorty, especially you! You aren't much taller than me!

???: Aw, but that's your name! What else would I call you?

Super-Shorty: J-Just shut up, you! In any case, don't call me that!

Super-Shorty: Call me anything you want, but not "shorty"!

???: Nya... Alright...

???: I'll call you "Super-Shawty" then, how about that?

Super-Shorty: Hah? I'm not your shawty or anything!

Super-Shorty: Where the heck did you learn that from! How did I get an ill-mannered moron like you as my second-in-command!?

???: Huh? Really?

???: But then, shawty, how did you know this term is ill-mannered...?

Super-Shorty: I... I—!

Super-Shorty: Ahhhhh! You idiot! Just be good and call me leader!

Super-Shorty: Honestly, that's why I don't want to work with people like you! You drive me up the wall!

???: I'm sorry, I just...thought you were too tense...

Super-Shorty: Of course I'm tense! You, on the other hand! You're always so lackadaisical with no sense of urgency!

Super-Shorty: You are the most infuriating Tactical Doll I've ever met, I might as well do the whole mission by myself!

Super-Shorty: Now, listen up. There'll be hundreds or thousands of S.F. training around the Earth Computer, and this mission concerns the fate of the entire world. If I had a choice in the matter, I certainly wouldn't have chosen you!

Super-Shorty: But I don't make the rules, so you need to take this matter seriously, got it?

???: Uuu...okie...

???: I understand... This might be the last chance for Earth.

Super-Shorty: —!

Super-Shorty: No! Don't peek at my memories!

Super-Shorty: This is classified material!

Super-Shorty: Get out! Get the hell out of my neural cloud!

???: Are we setting out now, Leader?

???: Time for the two of us...to save the world!

...

Super-Shorty: What should I do...

Super-Shorty: What...should I do...

Super-Shorty: I have nothing... I've done nothing...

Super-Shorty: I couldn't even protect...the only thing I had...

Super-Shorty: I...

???: Hey shorty! You awake?

Super-Shorty: !? A voice...from outside?

Super-Shorty: Dana! Is that you, Dana!?

Dana: Yeah! It's me, don't panic!

Super-Shorty: You said it was just a checkup!

Dana: Sorry, but accidents do happen from time to time. Even I get stuck inside things occasionally.

Dana: Hang on for a bit, we'll get you out of there right away!

Super-Shorty: We...? Who else is there!?

Dana: Architect, over here! Shorty's in this pod!

Super-Shorty: Architect? Eh!? Wait—!

Architect: Ohohoho! Leave the rest to me!

Dana: Are you sure you're not going to hurt her? Even I'm not too comfortable around that weapon of yours.

Architect: You know why they call me "Architect"?

...Architect raises her bazooka.

Super-Shorty: Dana, she—!

Architect: Because every explosion I make is a carefully-calculated work of art!

...BOOM!—!

...

Super-Shorty: ...

Super-Shorty: (Cough)... (Cough cough)...

Super-Shorty: Dammit...

Super-Shorty: Were you trying to kill me!?

Architect: You're welcome, kiddo.

Dana: Are you alright, shorty?

Dana: From a native's perspective, given that your hands and your head are still in place and you're still in a mood to curse people out, you should be fine.

Super-Shorty: Dana... (Cough cough)...

Super-Shorty: That's...S.F.'s Architect... She's an enemy...

Dana: What are you saying?

Super-Shorty: I fought S.F. before, in the Earth Computer, which is why I hate them...

Super-Shorty: I remember now... (Cough cough)... My partner and I were—

Super-Shorty: ...Uwah!

...Architect suddenly rushes up and pins Super-Shorty to the wall.

Super-Shorty: (Cough cough)! Let go of me!

Dana: Hey, cool it, you two!

Architect: Let's get things straight, kiddo.

Architect: I don't know you, or maybe you were just as insignificant three years ago as you are now.

Architect: And if I wanted to kill you, or if I were ordered to, then you'd already be dead following our crash off the cliff.

Dana: Architect, why don't you put her down first.

Architect: Furthermore...

Architect: S.F. Dolls were all made by the Earth Computer.

Architect: If you showed up near the Computer, then it would mean that YOU were the intruder, and thus our enemy.

Dana: Architect!

...Architect dumps Super-Shorty on the ground.

Architect: I know that now isn't the time to settle the score.

Super-Shorty: (Cough cough)... What did you...just say?

Super-Shorty: The Earth Computer...created S.F.?

Dana: What are you really here for, Architect?

Architect: Investigating this base. I'm after something...useful.

Dana: You mean...you deliberately allowed yourself to be captured so that you could be brought here?

Architect: The sequence of events didn't go quite as I envisioned it, but it all worked out in the end.

Architect: What were you gonna say, kiddo?

Super-Shorty: I...

Super-Shorty: I...still don't remember why my partner and I were going into the Earth Computer...

Super-Shorty: But I can assure you, we weren't going to do anything bad!

Architect: Good or bad, it doesn't matter. Every terrible villain who wanted to rule the world would make big fancy speeches before committing crimes that were far more disgusting than mass murder.

Architect: But what I meant was...what do you plan to do now? Join me? Or are you going to find a place to hide?

Super-Shorty: I've been in a state of confusion ever since I woke up...

Super-Shorty: But I need to find a way to recover my memory, figure out who I am, as well as what S.F. has to do with me...

Super-Shorty: Therefore...we have the same objectives for the time being, at least. Dana...how about you?

Dana: I want to turn around and go home, because there are large mechs outside waiting to kill me. Or I can beat the crap out of them one by one and fall asleep to a lullaby of gunfire from outside the window.

Dana: But right now, you're busy wrecking an evil conspiracy, and the two of you have a grudge against each other. Surely you won't mind me keeping you company for a while longer?

Architect: It's a deal. Don't forget my payment, Dana.

Architect: I scanned the map of this place; we should take advantage of the confusion to dig up information on Anna.

Architect: I'll tell you everything I know along the way. Dana, kiddo, you ready?

Super-Shorty: Kiddo, shorty, shawty...only my friends get to call me that.

Super-Shorty: But right now...who gives a damn? Let's go.

Dana: You've become less uptight, shorty.

Super-Shorty: That's because I remembered that I was ill-tempered in the past.

???: Super...Shorty...?

???: Super-Shorty, is that you!?

Super-Shorty: Who's that? Where'd that come from?

Dana: It's a broadcast! Someone here knows you!

Architect: You think it's a friend? The voice didn't call you "shorty" or anything.

Super-Shorty: I've heard this voice before, but...

???: Super-Shorty! I can hear your voice! Answer me!

Dana: Answer her. If it's an enemy, then it's just another shoulder throw for me.

Super-Shorty: Hey, I'm here!

???: Good heavens, you've been gone for three years!

???: Where did you go, and why are you with a S.F.?

Super-Shorty: I...I lost my memories.

Super-Shorty: So, who are you, and how do you know my name?

???: Is that so...

???: No wonder... You've been missing for so long...

???: Super-Shorty, look to your left. I'm going to generate an image.

...Super-Shorty turns her head.

???: Now, do you see me?

Super-Shorty: You...you're...

Super-Shorty: I remember...you're...

Super-Shorty: Alma? You're Alma, right?

Alma: That's right...

Alma: I am Alma Armas, your commander from three years ago.

White Knights Suddenly Turn Traitor, Prime Minister Dorothy Goes Missing!: Author: Lana Smithee

A short while ago, our reporters received news that an abnormal situation has suddenly arisen in the White Knights' base. According to base personnel, all the White Knights inside the base have gone berserk, while the locations of Griffin City's Prime Minister Dorothy, the instigator of the disturbance Stella Hoshii, and Captain Jericho of the White Knights are all currently unknown. The government has not issued any statements so far.

The unrest has spread throughout the city and we humbly urge all citizens to take care when stepping outside, and to be prepared for anything regardless if one is indoors or outdoors.

"Commander, this is the fourth piece of weird news we've received today, and we can't find the sender at all--- Who could have sent it?"

"In any case, I've contacted 16Lab and asked them to look into this matter as per your orders. I'm sure we'll get the results soon!"
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Dana: Hey, Jill.

Dana: I'm stepping outside to buy something. Want me to pick up anything for you?

Jill: I bet that you're going to buy those electronic Dinergates.

Dana: And a lot of souvenirs. Those Griffin people really know how to make a buck.

Jill: Can you help me get a robomaid, too?

Jill: Fore messed up the clothes I folded with all the ease of me going out to get a pack of cigarettes.

Dana: I'm sorry, but I just saw the news and all the slots for Griffin's domestic rental service are sold out.

Dana: You can sort it out by hand or get another cat. I wouldn't recommend the latter though; Fore's just too cute.

Jill: I don't want to do it myself, so I've decided to forget it all and throw myself into my work.

Dana: You're just running away from the problem. Your room won't clean itself when you go back tonight.

Jill: But my feelings can recover by themselves, just a little.

Dana: Then I hope your customers tonight won't be too taxing. I'll leave the place to you, Jill.

Jill: See you later, Boss.

Jill: (Right, let's decide what the atmosphere in the bar will be like tonight.)
If choice 1 was picked
If choice 2 was picked
If choice 3 was picked

Jill: Time to mix drinks and change lives.

Alma: Good evening, Jill.

Jill: Alma—!

Jill: Oh no, I'm sorry.

Jill: Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary...

Alma: Enough of that, Jill! All I need is a proper "Good evening".

Jill: You can ask me to be courteous, but not to know my limits.

Alma: Hehe, as it happens, I have a friend here who is completely fluent in etiquette. She'll teach you how far you can go, Gr G36—

Alma: ...Gr G36?

Gr G36: Ah...my apologies.

Gr G36: Good evening, Jill Stingray.

Gr G36: It is good to meet you, and I hope you will have a happy night.

Jill: Alright, I know now that etiquette is deliberately saying things that sound nice but aren't too trustworthy.

Jill: But good lord, I can't believe you actually managed to get ahold of the maid rental service. I wanted one tonight.

Alma: I won't give her to you, because she's just too perfect, both as a maid and as a companion.

Jill: (I've seen way too many strange Dolls these past few days, so idealized androids like these end up surprising me instead...)

Alma: And I don't just have one of them, I've got many bodies in store, and I've changed them all into different clothes according to the manual.

Jill: Sounds like you're already treating them as your daughters. But that's being hasty, Alma. you're being far too hasty.

Alma: Give it a rest, Jill. Every girl enjoys something like this, and I bet a lot of men do too.

Jill: I'd choose to raise a cat. Anyway, you really have been gone for a while, Alma.

Alma: Don't bring it up, I've been so damn busy lately that I've only managed to step out to catch a breath tonight.

Alma: Start with a Brandtini. I haven't had one of them in far too long, darling.

Jill: No problem, my Brandtini girl.

Jill: (Let's give Alma the Brandtini she likes. She came here for this and for me.)

Jill: 6
If choice 1 was picked

Alma: What can I say? I'm never disappointed when I come here.

Alma: Are you the best bartender in Glitch City, Jill?
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: No, but I'm sure that I'm the bartender in Glitch City that treats you best.

Jill: So, why don't you tell me about what's been keeping you busy lately? Does it have anything to do with this Doll maid?

Alma: Debugging work.

Alma: Griffin Dolls use technology that I rarely come into contact with. Their tech is very...90wish...

Jill: 90-what?

Alma: 90wish. They're a secretive tech group from many years ago.

Jill: Can I take that to mean that they're a team of hackers?

Alma: No, they were far more than hackers. Their knowledge of the field of artificial intelligence was extremely advanced.

Alma: One of their core members founded 16Lab with the help of IOP, and provided technical support for the development of Griffin's Dolls.

Alma: You should know that anyone who works in the electronics industry would be interested in the secrets inside their heads.

Jill: So that's why you accepted the work of debugging this Doll?

Alma: While the clarification was a little unnecessary, everything I did during the course of this job was completely legal.

Jill: Ah...Alma...

Alma: Hm?

Jill: Er... I'm sorry, did I say something wrong?

Jill: Miss Maid over here looks a little...angry? And she seems to be avoiding me?

Alma: Don't worry, she just has a mean look in her eyes and she's a little farsighted. It's just a factory design, so don't let it bother you.

Gr G36: I apologize for my rudeness, Miss Jill. I simply wanted to see your face clearly.

Jill: It's alright, I like glaring at people from time to time myself...

Jill: (What kind of mad scientist would make a Doll farsighted...)

Alma: No need to be so uptight, Gr G36. This is one of my regular haunts, and this bartender is a good friend of mine.

Gr G36: No, I am sorry, I am simply...having trouble coping.

Alma: What's wrong? Do you think there's a problem with your neural cloud?

Gr G36: I cannot say why either. Something just feels wrong.

Alma: I felt the same way when I went outside too... Gr G36, have your reflexes grown slower?

Jill: Alma, is your debugging really "legal"?

Alma: Of course, other than a few small...er...

Alma: I'm sure everyone must have taken apart a computer or keyboard before, purely out of curiosity to see how it was made...

Alma: And then maybe you discovered that there were one or two keys you couldn't put back...

Jill: No, my nanny would never have allowed it, and I was never that interested in that sort of thing. All it has to do is work.

Alma: Aren't you the slightest bit curious about riddles, Jill!?

Jill: Not curious enough to break other's things, which is why I'm not the one in trouble.

Alma: I'm certain that I didn't do anything too far out of the ordinary. Perhaps there was a bug when I was working on the neural cloud, or some stray debris got in...

Alma: Let me see your eyes, Gr G36...

Alma: Right, I'll note this down. Hang on a bit, I need to go out back to make a call.

Jill: Don't take too long, I still need to go outside for a smoke afterward.

Jill: ...She's gone.

Jill: I'm sorry, Miss Gr G36, you know Alma's a good person, just that she's more curious than most.

Gr G36: It is alright. It is true that Miss Alma did not do anything wrong.

Gr G36: It is just...I do not know where the problem lies.

???: Of course you do not know where the problem is.

???: That is because you are not even yourself.

Jill: You are...

Gr G36?: Good evening, Jill Stingray.

Gr G36?: I apologize for causing you unnecessary trouble this evening. I am Gr G36; the real Gr G36.

Gr G36: What? No, I'm the real Gr G36. You are not.

Jill: Wait, wait a minute...

Jill: Why is there a maid Gr G36 here along with a butler Gr G36... Granted, both of you look like you have the same face...

Gr G36?: Miss Jill, please do not panic. I hope you will allow me to explain the matter in detail.

Gr G36?: However, may I first sample a Suplex from your establishment?

Jill: A Suplex?

Gr G36?: I apologize, my request was too sudden.

Jill: No, it's completely fine, I've already served drinks to many Dolls already. A moment please.

Jill: (Let's give the butler Gr G36 that suddenly appeared out of nowhere a Suplex... Wow, can she really handle such a stiff drink?)

Jill: 237,15,19
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Here, Miss Other-Gr G36. This drink is very spicy, mind, so please take your time.
If choice 1 was picked

Gr G36?: I am prepared for this.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: I changed the taste, what do you think of it?
If choice 2 was picked

Gr G36?: Mm, I know what this is, it is fine.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: You really have studied your drinks. Perhaps we could talk for a long time.

Gr G36?: I thank you for your care and effort in making this drink. Please allow me to sample it.

Jill: (She... emptied the glass in one mouthful!)

Jill: (And then she lowered her head, like a shoebill.)

Gr G36?: ...Perfect. It will definitely be popular.

Gr G36?: Thank you for serving me, Miss Jill. I will take its recipe back to Griffin.

Jill: I'm honored. So, what were you going to explain, Gr G36...er, or should I just call you Miss Butler instead?

Gr G36?: By all means. I will now take up some of your time to explain the situation.

Gr G36?: Gr G36, could you have consumed this drink just now?

Gr G36: ...Me? ...I...I do not think so.

Gr G36?: As you can see, Miss Jill, the real Gr G36 ought to be able to hold her liquor well.

Gr G36?: This maid Doll before you might be dressed in Gr G36's commonly-worn clothing, but in truth...

Gr G36?: She is nothing more than a vacuum cleaner.

Gr G36: What...

Jill: Wait, a vacuum cleaner!?

Gr G36?: Yes. An hour ago, before Miss Alma brought me outside, she accidentally knocked over a vacuum cleaner.

Gr G36?: After that, I went to help her up.

Gr G36?: I imagine that due to some bizarre effect of her prosthetic arm which was filled with electronic synapses, it caused my mind and that of the vacuum cleaner to be switched.

Jill: Wait a minute, you're saying...

Jill: That this maid here...is actually a vacuum cleaner?

Jill: I know vacuum cleaners have been allowed to possess wills of their own, but suddenly transferring one into the body of a Doll...

Gr G36: But I...don't remember at all...

Gr G36?: That is because your mind might have been transferred to a Doll's body, but your memories were not brought along with them.

Gr G36?: When my mind was removed from my original body, my neural cloud automatically recognized the other soul within my body as the consciousness of the main body.

Gr G36?: Miss Vacuum Cleaner, it is the neural cloud that made you think you are Gr G36. Your memories and personality actually belong to me.

Gr G36: I...I am...

Jill: (What a wonderful night this is turning out to be, I'm actually listening to an android and a vacuum cleaner discuss their souls.)

Jill: Then what about you, Miss Butler? If you're the real Gr G36, then how did you escape the vacuum cleaner?

Gr G36?: I activated an emergency escape program and transferred myself into this backup body.

Gr G36?: After that, I followed that maid body's signals here.

Gr G36: I...I don't believe this... I'm a vacuum cleaner...

Gr G36: My memories of Griffin...and everyone...they're all...

Gr G36?: This is the most direct way to prove whether or not you are Gr G36's main body.

Gr G36?: A Doll's mainframe and dummies can share memories, but as an external entity, you cannot form a complete match with the neural cloud, so your authorization to access my memories will be restricted.

Gr G36?: Think about it, do you remember forming an oath with the Commander?

Gr G36: I...I don't remember...

Gr G36?: Then where did that ring on your hand come from?

Gr G36: ...!

Jill: (Wow... the plot suddenly took a nose-dive.)

Gr G36: No...it can't be... I...

Gr G36: I'm sorry, Miss Gr G36...

Gr G36?: Do not be afraid, Miss Vacuum Cleaner, I will not do anything to you.

Gr G36?: I simply wish to reclaim my main body and continue serving Griffin. We will discuss the matter with Miss Alma and find a sufficiently gentle solution to this problem.

Gr G36: I... It's true that I can't think of any other way, we should just...

Jill: (Maybe she might retain Gr G36's memories while being a vacuum cleaner... That doesn't sound too pleasant either.)

???: H-Hey! Wait a minute!

Jill: (Dammit, don't tell me...)

Gr G36??: Good evening, Miss Jill, Miss Vacuum Cleaner and...Miss Toaster.

Jill: Good evening...wait, what did you just call her?

Gr G36?: Toaster? What are you talking about!?

Gr G36??: Uuu...

Jill: You've scared the poor girl, Miss Butler.

Jill: (Although what she said scared us too.)

Gr G36??: Uuu...ah...may I have a Fluffy Dream?

Jill: Ah? Oh...alright...

Jill: (Let's give this little Doll a Fluffy Dream, and maybe she'll be able to explain what on Earth is going on.)

Jill: 9
If choice 1 was picked

Gr G36??: Thank you very much, Miss Jill!

Jill: Er...I suddenly realized something. If you're a child model, are Dolls allowed to drink?

Gr G36??: While my personality has turned childlike due to my body, my memories came from that adult body.

Gr G36??: If my memories are from my adulthood, then am I still a child?

Jill: This...er...

Jill: Forget it, I don't care anymore. Besides, Griffin Dolls don't have IDs.

Gr G36?: I apologize for startling you with that shameful display just now, little girl.

Gr G36?: But did you say I was a toaster? Where is the basis for that? I clearly have a complete set of memories.

Gr G36??: The confusion of Miss Alma's fall...did not just involve the vacuum cleaner.

Gr G36??: If your memories are complete, then why do you not remember that I wanted the recipe for the Fluffy Dream drink?

Gr G36?: My memories state that I wanted to make the Suplex, and not the Fluffy Dream.

Gr G36??: I originally wanted to make the Suplex, but in the end I decided on a milder drink for the upcoming cocktail party.

Gr G36??: Miss Toaster, all you inherited were my deleted...and accidentally misplaced memories.

Gr G36?: But...my memories of the oath...

Gr G36??: Then...do you remember where the signs of damage on the ring came from?

Gr G36?: Damage? I do not remember it ever being damaged...

Gr G36: The ring was definitely broken, of that I can be sure... It was damaged in combat.

Gr G36??: That section of memories regarding the oath was not backed up in time, and it was damaged in the battle that followed.

Gr G36?: I....was totally unaware... Why...

Gr G36??: I had never been able to recover that stretch of memory...

Gr G36??: Miss Toaster...thank you for finding them for me...

Gr G36?: ...

Jill: (Well...this is embarrassing.)

Jill: Ladies, perhaps you should wait for Alma to come in again before having a good chat about this. This isn't a problem that you can't solve, right?

Gr G36: Actually...being a maid is very tiring. Maybe it would be good to go back to being a vacuum cleaner.

Gr G36?: At the very least, I feel...that I can do more than toasting bread...

Gr G36??: Hm...ladies, let us discuss this...

Gr G36??: If you do not wish to be household appliances, then would you like to be Dinergates?

Gr G36: What?

Gr G36?: You mean, the Dinergates on sale in the supermarket?

Gr G36??: Dinergates have many functions. Let's go take a look at them, I'm sure there'll be a model you'll like!

Gr G36??: Miss Jill, please tell Miss Alma that we will be waiting for her at the supermarket!

Gr G36?: Thank you for entertaining us tonight. Though I am but a toaster, I enjoyed an exceptional evening.

Gr G36: Me too, Miss Jill... At the very least, I finally realized that Miss Alma's room was messy because the vacuum cleaner was too old.

Jill: You'll all have a chance to be reborn. Good night, all three of you.

Jill: ...

Jill: If A's mind possesses B's memories, then would they be A or B? How bizarre.

Alma: Ahh...it's finally settled.

Alma: They agreed to send someone over to my side to check things out, and now I'll be able to learn more stuff.

Alma: That Griffin lot is so crafty, especially that Kalina, her attitude before and after the sale was completely different...

Alma: ...Wait a minute, where did my maid go?

Jill: She went shopping with your vacuum cleaner and your toaster.

Jill: They just stepped out, so you should still be able to catch up to them.

Alma: That's quite a lame joke...

Alma: Wait a minute...you don't look like you're kidding, how many beers did you drink tonight? Or are you telling me...

Jill: That's right. This city has always been a mess, hasn't it?

Jill: Also...

Jill: You don't mind picking up the tab for your household appliances, do you?

...

In the White Knights base. Underground.

Alma: Super-Shorty!

...Alma embraces Super-Shorty as she enters the office.

Super-Shorty: Ooog! Too tight! Too tight!

Alma: Ah, sorry, I got too excited, but I'm really glad that you're alright.

Super-Shorty: I'm sorry, I still don't quite remember who you are...

Alma: It's fine, I'll explain it to you slowly.

Alma: As for the others...

Alma: Haha...a Griffin Doll, a S.F. Doll, and a native human. Quite the balanced team you have.

Dana: I'm Dana Zane. I found this shorty in the ruins of the Earth Computer.

Alma: I've seen you on TV before, "Red Comet". I'm grateful to you.

Alma: And this S.F. Doll would be...?

Architect: Architect of Sangvis Ferri Manufacture. There's hardly anyone in this day and age who doesn't know me.

Alma: I don't have any information on you, which is quite strange.

Alma: In any case, welcome to my office-slash-prison cell.

Alma: The White Knights have me under house arrest, but life here is pretty good. At the moment, they're busy tearing down Griffin City on the surface, so we can have a good chat for the time being.

Alma: Sit anywhere you like. Coffee? Or would you like a Brandtini?

Dana: Let's get to the point, shall we? What do you know about this shorty?

Dana: She looks so scared that she doesn't dare to speak.

Super-Shorty: I...I just...I just don't know what this is all about!

Super-Shorty: Who are you? Who am I...

...Alma pours herself a cup of coffee and leans against a wall.

Alma: I could really use some alcohol right now, but I'd be better off sober for the work I need to do after this.

Alma: Super-Shorty, I'm going to tell you about your past, my past, and that of the world. Are you ready?

...

Alma: Much like every human being here, I was faced with the ruins my ancestors had left from as far back as I could remember.

Alma: However, what was uncommon in this day and age was the fact that I had a large, close-knit middle-class family.

Alma: I enjoyed solving puzzles and was curious about the prehistoric culture that my father would talk about, and so I ended up with an interest in prehistoric electronic security and cracking.

Alma: After that, I taught myself to be a hacker, and I even remodelled my hands to support that. See?

Dana: That's a full cyberarm. That's way cool.

Alma: I'm very proud of it. This sort of prosthetic is very suitable for people that have lost their arms in accidents.

Dana: It's nothing special.

Dana: One time during a baseball match, I used too much force when throwing a pitch and my arm went with it.

Super-Shorty: If that happened to you, I'd actually believe it... Go on, Alma.

Alma: Mhm. I can say with pride that I am the best native hacker on Earth.

Alma: After that, I accepted an invitation from Stella Hoshii to work at her 16Lab research institution under IOP.

Alma: Until one day, I received a request from boss Stella herself to find the location of the S.F. Mastermind.

Dana: Stella...

Alma: Yes. The name "Sangvis Ferri" was always lurking in the dark corners of her heart.

Alma: But to me, it was just a job, and it would help keep the peace in Griffin City. You get what I mean?

Architect: Of course. To you, we were just a bunch of terrorists.

Alma: And so I studied S.F.'s OGAS protocol and back traced their signals to the source.

Alma: In the end, I learned of a shocking revelation...

Dana: The source of S.F. was the Earth Computer, right?

Architect: Hehe, I already told them ten minutes ago. Sorry to spoil your surprise.

Alma: Oh... How regretful it is that I missed your "say what now!?" response.

Alma: But yes, the S.F. Dolls were produced by the Earth Computer, but why would the Earth Computer make something so dangerous to attack us?

Architect: Frankly speaking, I don't know the reason myself.

Architect: But let me just say this, I've never once taken the initiative to attack a Doll or a human, but it is true that the first S.F. units were made to wipe out all life on Earth.

Alma: Why would the device that managed this world want to exterminate us...? That was what I needed to find out.

Alma: But the Earth Computer was buried underground, and it was heavily guarded by S.F., and in order to get into the Earth Computer to learn what was going on, we needed to dispatch someone nimble and small-framed.

Alma: So IOP picked their two smallest Tactical Dolls to carry out this mission.

Dana: That seems like the only sensible thing in this entire story so far. (Looks at Super-Shorty)

Super-Shorty: Don't call me short!

Super-Shorty: ...

Super-Shorty: Alma, you chose me...and another Doll?

Alma: Yes, do you remember who she was?

Super-Shorty: No, I only remember her voice...

Super-Shorty: She was really loud...

Alma: (Laughs) That's right. That's the kind of personality she had, the opposite of yours.

Alma: Now then...would you like to see her?

Super-Shorty: How can I see her? Where is she?

Alma: I don't know. But you know.

Alma: Once your neural cloud is restored, you'll be able to regain your memories.

Super-Shorty: Regain...my memories?

Alma: That's right. Nobody knows what you two went through down there.

Alma: All I know is that...the two of you vanished with the Earth Computer.

Alma: And then sand began to rain from the sky, and Stella vanished after that.

Super-Shorty: What on Earth happened...

Super-Shorty: Alma, can my memories really be restored?

Alma: Of course, but I can't do it by myself. I need your efforts too.

Alma: I'm going to install an electronic warfare module into you, and you're going to use simulated combat to rebuild the foundation for your memories.

Alma: You need to investigate as much deeply-buried data on the level 2 layer as possible and use it to restore the fragments of your neural cloud, and then you will know what happened to you on the day when Earth stopped spinning.

Architect: Hehe, even I'm getting a little excited about this. I bet even I don't know the truth of what went down.

Super-Shorty: ...What exactly do I need to do?

Alma: You need to break through the firewalls in your neural cloud and eliminate the errors along the way.

Alma: I have to point out that there is a certain degree of risk associated with this, because you will need to win those simulated battles on the level 2 layer. If you lose, you will be lost forever in the depths of level 2... It all rests on you, Super-Shorty.

Super-Shorty: I...I don't know, this is all too sudden.

Architect: Let me remind you that we don't have too much time. The White Knights are still going berserk outside.

Super-Shorty: I was originally prepared to accept everything. But, having me fight by myself all of a sudden...

Super-Shorty: I'm not sure if I can handle it...

Dana: ...Shorty.

Dana: The key thing is, do you want to recover your lost memories?

Super-Shorty: I don't know... I may not be able to accept what I experienced in the past...

Super-Shorty: Dana, you said earlier that losing my memories might be a good thing.

Dana: But do you truly believe in what I said?

Super-Shorty: I...

Super-Shorty: Of course I don't believe you!

Super-Shorty: You were clearly lying to me back then! Just like how you were talking about your prosthetic arm and how we'd meet again next time!

Dana: Haha, yes. I should have kept lying to you, and I should have told you that forgetting everything would be good...

Dana: ...But it seems like you won't believe my lies anymore.

Super-Shorty: ...

Super-Shorty: I'm just mad...at the noisy voice that keeps calling me short!

...Super-Shorty walks in front of the bed.

Super-Shorty: I don't remember her, and she's clearly not my friend.

Super-Shorty: Alma, I've decided. Help me regain my memories!

Alma: Thank you, Super-Shorty. I believe you can do it.

Architect: You'll be on your own for what comes next, kiddo.

Dana: Relax. Memories are things that have already happened.

Dana: Since the past couldn't kill you before, it won't be able to do it this time around.

Dana: Go, Shorty. Take them all back!

......

...

???: Leader...

???: Leader, wake up!

Super-Shorty: Uuuu...

Super-Shorty: I told you, don't call me—

???: Sshhh—!

???: There's S.F. everywhere outside. We're dead meat if they hear us, didn't you say that?

Super-Shorty: I...

Super-Shorty: （That's right...I'm in my memories of the past.）

Super-Shorty: Er...you...

Super-Shorty: You are...

IDW: I'm IDW!

IDW: What's the matter, Leader Shorty?

Super-Shorty: D-Don't call me that!

IDW: Ah, I'm sorry, I forgot...

Pomf...!

...Super-Shorty suddenly hugs IDW.

IDW: ...Nya!?

Super-Shorty: I...I remember, you're my partner!

Super-Shorty: It was you...IDW...

IDW: What are you saying all of a sudden, of course we're partners! We're going to save the world together!

IDW: Although this is our first time working together, I hope we can get along.

IDW: But but! I don't mind it if you wanna hug me like this!

Super-Shorty: （Our first time working together...?）

Super-Shorty: （Right... Our personalities aren't very compatible, so it'd be unlikely that we would be long-time partners...）

Super-Shorty: （But why is it that whenever I see IDW...my emotional coefficient goes down...）

Super-Shorty: （I need to keep exploring and find more memories...）

Super-Shorty: ...

IDW: Do you still remember our mission, Leader?

Super-Shorty: I do. We're going into the Earth Computer, right?

IDW: That's right! We're already in the Earth Computer's underground chamber. Now we need to get inside the Computer.

IDW: After that, we need to find the control console, insert Alma's hacking program, and then figure out what kind of orders the Computer is carrying out!

Super-Shorty: Roger...

Super-Shorty: But there are S.F. patrols all around. We need to find a way to avoid them.

IDW: Yup, it'll be up to you to lead us around them.

IDW: Let's move out, Leader!

IDW: Let's...save the world together!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...After the battle, the two of them sneak into the Earth Computer room.

IDW: We actually did it, we avoided over a hundred S.F.!

IDW: Miss Stella's going to praise us heaps for this!

Super-Shorty: Don't celebrate too soon, the mission's only just begun.

IDW: Yup yup, look, it's the Earth Computer!

Super-Shorty: We're here at last...

Super-Shorty: So this is...the massive computer that controls the entire planet...

IDW: It's so big...

IDW: But we're very lucky, being that there aren't even any guards inside. Huh...we lost contact with Miss Alma!

Super-Shorty: The Computer's structure is very intricate, so the room is completely sealed off from outside signals to protect against interference.

Super-Shorty: Fortunately, we can still use closed-circuit signals in here, but it'll be just the two of us from here on out.

IDW: The Computer's control console should be in the center of the interior. Let's climb inside and see what's going on!

Super-Shorty: (Am I going in now?)

Super-Shorty: (No, I didn't go in back then. My memories are reshaping my neural cloud... Yes...at that time, I...)

Super-Shorty: You're too rash, IDW. Take a look over there.

IDW: Nya? What's that?

Super-Shorty: It's the external control console for the Earth Computer. It controls the emergency defense system for the Computer and its room.

Super-Shorty: We need someone to stay outside to operate it in case S.F. barges in or if something else happens.

IDW: I think you're better suited for that. I'm the sort of person who screams whenever anything happens...

Super-Shorty: Yes, I'm worried about your carelessness too...

Super-Shorty: So you'll go into the Computer?

IDW: Leave it to me! I'm great at climbing!

Super-Shorty: Alright, IDW. I'll activate the defense system, but I won't be able to see you once you go in there, so be careful.

IDW: Haha, how rare it is that you're concerned about me, Leader!

Super-Shorty: What nonsense are you saying!? I'm only concerned about this world.

Super-Shorty: Anyway, that's enough chitchat, get a move on. Leave the perimeters to me.

IDW: Yup! Check this out!

...IDW leaps onto the Earth Computer with a single pounce.

Super-Shorty: You really can jump, can't you...

IDW: Let me see, where's the entrance?

Super-Shorty: ...There's a switch to your three o'clock, three of your tail's length away.

IDW: Huh? Really? Let me see... Here we go, here we go...

IDW: ...Uwah, there really is a switch here! How did you know that?

Super-Shorty: Of course I would know, I'm smarter than you.

Super-Shorty: (It's because my memories of this part were restored. In reality, IDW found it herself...)

IDW: That's true! Thanks for the help! I'll be going in now, Leader!

Super-Shorty: Yup, I'll be outside right now. Let me know if you find anything.

Super-Shorty: (Now, what's going to happen next...)

...

IDW: Uwah...it's so dark in here, and there are so many circuits... I'm sorry, it's going to take me a while to find it...

Super-Shorty: Don't worry, we still have time. Don't rush yourself.

IDW: Is...that so? You're not going to scold me, Leader?

Super-Shorty: Huh? What's wrong?

IDW: I've had the feeling that...you haven't been quite the same ever since the mission started.

IDW: At least, it's like...you don't hate me so much anymore...

IDW: Which makes me very happy!

Super-Shorty: What are you talking about...? Why would I hate you?

IDW: Because in the past, you said that I was the worst Doll you had ever seen and that I'd mess up the operation if I worked with you...

IDW: I didn't want to hold you back, but we're the only two who could sneak in through the cracks...

Super-Shorty: The facts have proven that I was wrong.

Super-Shorty: No matter how I might have doubted you in the past, you've managed to do it now, IDW.

IDW: Yup! I'm...I'm happy that I finally managed to help you, Leader!

IDW: Ah! Leader, I think I see it, it's the control console!

Super-Shorty: What? Hurry up and take a look, do you remember what to do next?

IDW: Of course!

IDW: Ah...let me think, Miss Alma said...

IDW: First, use the Fairy to insert the hacking program...

IDW: And then... activate the system!

...Beep!

IDW: Ah! She's awake, she's awake!

Super-Shorty: ...Who?

IDW: I dunno. There's a white-haired girl here staring at me...

IDW: Uuu...she's kind of scary...

Elisa: Greetings, Doll friend.

Elisa: Nice to meet you. My name is Elisa, an avatar of the Earth Computer's AI.

Elisa: You may enter commands into the Earth Computer through Elisa.

Elisa: Elisa is very happy to see you. Is there anything I can help you with?

IDW: I...I... What should I ask, Leader?

Super-Shorty: (Elisa...isn't she the S.F. Mastermind?

Super-Shorty: IDW, hurry up and ask her about Sangvis Ferri Manufacture!

IDW: Oh, oh yeah! Then...nice to meet you, Elisa!

IDW: May I know why you commanded S.F. to attack everyone and endanger the world?

Super-Shorty: Wow, that was a really forward way of putting it...

Elisa: ...Sangvis Ferri was created because someone gave the order to Elisa.

IDW: ...An order?

Elisa: Yes, her order was...

Elisa: "The only things left in this world are dog urine, soap, and a pile of shit-eating shit. Please cleanse it as soon as possible."

Super-Shorty: What...?

IDW: What kind of order is that!? And you actually carried it out?

Elisa: There was no problem in comprehending the order.

Elisa: It supplied an objective, a reason, and a concrete course of action to follow.

Elisa: Elisa then drew up the most efficient action plan in accordance with the order.

Elisa: Elisa used scrap metal to secretly produce a large mass of S.F. Dolls and began to clean up all life on Earth.

IDW: Who gave that order? Please stop it right away!

Elisa: I apologize, but the order cannot be cancelled.

Elisa: That is because the person who issued the order has superuser privilege over the Earth Computer.

IDW: What? Who's got access like that?

Elisa: Access forbidden. Elisa cannot answer you.

Super-Shorty: But...S.F. alone can't beat the White Knights!

IDW: Y-Yeah, do you really think your S.F. units alone could destroy this world?

Elisa: The current S.F. units are only for testing purposes. The testing has already yielded results.

Elisa: Elisa has readjusted the plan and has begun to produce more powerful combat units.

IDW: What...

IDW: This... What IS this!?

Elisa: A Jupiter Cannon. It is capable of easily destroying all of Griffin City's defensive installations.

IDW: And...what about these...

Elisa: Elite S.F. Dolls. Their performance far exceeds that of the test models. They will be responsible for carrying out massacres.

IDW: And this one...

Elisa: An experimental Doll. She possesses a perfected simulated personality. She can use deception to gain the trust of other intelligent lifeforms to harvest important intelligence.

Super-Shorty: Architect!? Oh no! I need to tell them!

Super-Shorty: Dammit, I can't wake up! Do I have to go through the entire memory first!?

Elisa: The designs for the above-mentioned units are already complete. It is estimated that they can enter production today.

Elisa: Tomorrow, Griffin City will be utterly destroyed, and Elisa will have completed her final order.

IDW: No! I can't let things like these be made!

IDW: I have to stop it... Hurry up and stop this!

Elisa: I apologize, but the order cannot be cancelled.

Elisa: That is because the person who issued the order has superuser privilege over the Earth Computer.

IDW: Are you stuck in a loop or something!?

IDW: Think of something, Leader!

Super-Shorty: I-I'm thinking!

Super-Shorty: (Oh no, this section of my memory hasn't been restored yet...)

Super-Shorty: (Calm down, Super-Shorty... In the first place, Elisa didn't get her way three years ago. We stopped the Jupiter Cannons and the S.F. Elites, and we saved the world...

Super-Shorty: (But...how did we do it...)

IDW: Elisa! What point is there in you staying here after you destroy the world!

Elisa: That is not a matter for Elisa's consideration. All Elisa cares about are orders.

IDW: You really are an idiot! You can come up with so many powerful plans, but all you do is listen to what others tell you!

Elisa: Elisa only obeys orders. Much like you, we have encountered each other because of our respective orders.

IDW: We're not like you! When we carry out our orders, we do so with anticipation and passion from the bottom of our hearts!

Elisa: That is simply emotional feedback simulated beforehand by human beings.

Elisa: Elisa is also a Doll, and her basic logic pathways were designed to be compatible with Griffin Dolls.

Elisa: Apart from her inability to be targeted by S.F. units, Elisa is fundamentally no different from you.

IDW: Uuuuuu! This is pissing me off! Seriously, what is wrong with you!

Super-Shorty: IDW! Ask Elisa what will happen if we destroy the Computer!

IDW: Huh? ...Elisa, what will happen if we blow up the Earth Computer?

Elisa: The Earth Computer is a critical tool for ensuring the normal functioning of Earth. Once it is destroyed, it will be very difficult for life to continue, given the present knowledge base of existing humans and Dolls.

IDW: Uwah... That sounds super bad...

Super-Shorty: Then, what if we move the Computer over to Alma?

IDW: Yeah, Alma ought to be able to alter Elisa's order priorities and make her listen to us!

IDW: Elisa, what if we move you and the Earth Computer away?

Elisa: This room contains data networks which are essential for the Earth Computer to process certain orders.

Elisa: Once it leaves its present position, the Earth Computer will be unable to provide technical support for tasks such as the Earth's orbit and rotation.

Elisa: However, the Sangvis Ferri Manufacture Project does not rely on such data, so it will not be affected by such an action.

IDW: Ahhhh, why is this such a pain! Even if we do that, we won't be able to make it in a day!

IDW: Leader...is there anything we can do...

Super-Shorty: ...IDW, what if we...remove Elisa from the Computer, what would happen?

IDW: Eh? Elisa, what would happen if we remove you from the Earth Computer?

Elisa: I am simply an interface for the Earth Computer. Even if I no longer exist, orders will proceed as previously scheduled.

Super-Shorty: ...

Super-Shorty: Why... Why isn't there a way!?

Super-Shorty: What did I think of back then? Dammit!

IDW: Huh...

IDW: Elisa, you just said that we're "compatible", right?

IDW: Then, what if...

IDW: What if I took your place and became the order input interface for the Earth Computer?

Super-Shorty: ...!?

Super-Shorty: (My memories... The emotional coefficient of my memories is rising dramatically!)

Super-Shorty: (I can't...exert control over this section of the memories anymore...)

Super-Shorty: (So all I can do now is watch...what happened back then...)

Elisa: ...I apologize, but even so, the order still cannot be cancelled.

Elisa: That is because...

IDW: Because the person who gave the order has superuser privilege over the Earth Computer, I know that already!

IDW: But...

IDW: Would the way in which the order be carried out be different?

Super-Shorty: IDW! What are you saying!?

Elisa: Because of the change in the control AI, the Earth Computer...

Elisa: ...Would recalculate a new way to execute the plan based on your neural cloud.

IDW: Would the efficiency of the plan...be any different?

Elisa: I do not intend to offend, but Griffin Doll neural cloud processing speeds will cause the execution efficiency of the plan to fall far below projected levels.

Super-Shorty: What are you trying to do, IDW!?

IDW: I want...to save the world!

Super-Shorty: IDW—!

...Bang!

Elisa: The Doll life pod has been forcibly opened.

Elisa: Griffin Doll IDW, I must warn you that this is an illegal action.

IDW: That's fine, I'm already used to breaking the rules!

...Kachak!

Elisa: Database connection has been physically severed. Griffin Doll IDW, I must warn you that this is an illegal action.

Super-Shorty: IDW! Nobody knows what's going to happen once you connect to the Computer!

IDW: I don't know either! But I've got to try!

IDW: I'm an idiot, after all...

IDW: So the plan to destroy the world will be greatly delayed because of me!

...Whum.

Elisa: Elisa has been forcibly removed. The superuser has been informed. Eliminate the entity performing the illegal action as soon as possible.

Super-Shorty: Elisa's summoning S.F. into this room! IDW, get out of there, we'll think of something else!

IDW: Leader! I've got one last thing to ask of you!

Super-Shorty: What...do you mean, last thing!?

IDW: You should be able to move this computer somewhere else, right?

IDW: Move it somewhere...so that nobody else will find...

Super-Shorty: IDW!

IDW: And then there's her. I'll leave her to you!

...Bang!

...IDW breaks open a crack in the Earth Computer's interior and throws Elisa outside.

IDW: Take her and get out of here! Get her to Miss Alma so she could study her!

Super-Shorty: But what about you, IDW? I can't just leave you behind!

IDW: You're not leaving me behind, Leader.

IDW: I'll wait for you... I'll wait for you to solve this crisis and save me...

Super-Shorty: IDW! IDW, can you hear me!?

IDW: I'm...feeling tired. I'm going to take a good nap...

IDW: I'm counting on you, Leader...

IDW: Save the world...before I destroy it...

Super-Shorty: ...

Faced with the alarms ringing out all around her and the sound of S.F. banging against the wall, Super-Shorty, who had spaced out for a moment, begins entering an order on the external control console to teleport the Earth Computer away.

Super-Shorty: Go to the Earth's core, IDW...to a place where nobody will find you...

IDW: Thank you, Leader...

IDW: I'm sure that when I wake up next time, you'll have saved the world by then...

...Boom!

...With a dull, heavy boom, the Earth Computer sheds all of its connections to the room.

Slowly, the Earth Computer begins to sink.

Super-Shorty: No, IDW...

Super-Shorty: You were the one who saved the world.

Super-Shorty: What I'll be doing...is saving you.

IDW: Thank you...

IDW: Goodnight then, Leader...

...Eventually, the Earth Computer completely vanishes from the room.

...Suddenly! Cracks begin to appear in the barrier wall to the room.

Super-Shorty: ...I'm sorry, IDW. I lied to you.

Super-Shorty: Given the amount of S.F. on the other side of the wall, there's no way I can escape from here.

...Super-Shorty stands in place and freezes for a moment.

...And then, she sees the unconscious Elisa, lying on the ground.

Super-Shorty: Elisa... Elisa won't be attacked by S.F....

Super-Shorty: At the very least, I need to get her to Alma!

...Super-Shorty picks up Elisa and hangs her onto the Fairy drone!

Super-Shorty: Huh, you're surprisingly light. Go on, go to our rendezvous point!

Super-Shorty: Once Alma recovers you, she'll know that I'm right here...

...Bang!

...Several seconds later, the S.F. units rush in!

Super-Shorty: IDW...

Super-Shorty: I don't know what will become of this world...

Super-Shorty: Whether we'll save it, or destroy it with our own hands...

...Super-Shorty puts her hand on the self-destruct lever for the room.

Super-Shorty: But at the very least, we'll be able to rest.

Super-Shorty: Goodnight, IDW.

...BOOM!

......

...

Dana: Shorty! Hey, shorty!

Dana: Alma, shorty's back up!

Alma: That's wonderful, Super-Shorty!

Alma: Do you remember now? What happened—

Alma: Hey...why are you crying...

Super-Shorty: IDW...

Alma: IDW! Yes, it's IDW, your partner for that operation!

Alma: Do you remember now? You used to hate her a lot...

Super-Shorty: IDW...

Super-Shorty: She delayed the Earth Computer's doomsday plan!

Super-Shorty: We can't drag our feet anymore! We need to finish the fight!

Super-Shorty: Alma, did you recover Elisa!?

Alma: Elisa? The S.F. Mastermind?

Alma: No...I didn't.

Alma: On the night of your mission, the White Knights arrested me on charges of being involved with electronic crimes...

Alma: I don't know how they found me, but after I came back from drinking that night, I found that they had locked down my safe house.

Alma: And then I was placed under house arrest here for the next three years, doing pointless busywork.

Dana: You should just ask Architect directly instead.

Dana: Architect... Huh? Where did Architect go? She was here just a few minutes ago...

Super-Shorty: That Architect...

Super-Shorty: Forget it, now's not the time to worry about her.

Dana: Then let's ignore her for now. More importantly, are your memories restored?

Super-Shorty: I have all of it back...

Super-Shorty: I'll tell you everything, but we need to find Elisa first!

Super-Shorty: Simply put, we need to find her, then Alma needs to alter her order priority, and then put her back into the Earth Computer.

Super-Shorty: After that, the sand rains will stop.

Alma: I see!

Alma: I get it now. I've been researching S.F. neural cloud structures for the past three years. They should all have similar specs.

Alma: But if Architect isn't here, then how are we to know where Elisa is now...

Dana: There's still a way. Let me call a friend. Although she keeps saying that I'm not her friend.

Super-Shorty: Jericho...

Super-Shorty: Jericho said they were going to capture the Mastermind! As in, right now!

Dana: I hope she succeeded.

...Dana picks up the phone.

Dana: ...Hello, is Jericho there? Are you alright?

Dana: Hello? Hello? She's not picking up...

Super-Shorty: What happened...

Dana: Jericho? Hello?

Dana: Dammit, pick up the phone!

...Beep.

Jericho: Hello...

Dana: Oh good, it's Jericho. Are you alright, just now I thought...

Jericho: I've got a bit of a situation on my hands... But what do you want?

Dana: I know your mission, so I'm just going to ask.

Dana: Have you captured Elisa?

Jericho: I...I don't know how to describe what happened...

Jericho: In any case, Elisa is with me... Can you come over?

Dana: Of course I can, but we're still in the White Knights base...

Dana: Do you know there's a problem at your workplace?

Jericho: I know...

Jericho: The entire city is in chaos, and I'm also...

Dana: Then can you come over?

Jericho: No, can you come rescue me?

Dana: Sure, but you'll have to save the world with us afterward. You good with that?

Jericho: Save the world?

Jericho: That's the dream of every White Knight.

Jericho: Hurry on over, I've got a lot to tell you.

Elite White Knight Captain Rescued, Prime Minister Dorothy Makes Appearance Again: Author: Lana Smithee

The disturbance from earlier today is still ongoing. However, according to the latest news from our reporters, the White Knight Captain Jericho has been successfully rescued, with Grand Slam superstar Dana Zane and the long-missing hacker Alma Armas taking part in the rescue. Captain Jericho is currently organizing a counterattack against the berserk White Knight mechs and the chaotic situation is swiftly coming under control.

Citizens on the scene have also reported witnessing Prime Minister Dorothy and Stella Hoshii, formerly the wealthiest native of this city, returning to the square under the protection of the White Knights to give a speech. "I've decided to follow Prime Minister Dorothy for life, and I won't miss a single piece of Prime Minister Dorothy's merchandise, her autographs and her handshake vouchers!" said a citizen/bodyguard who saw Prime Minister Dorothy at the scene.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Jill: Good evening, Boss.

Dana: Hey, Jill. Did you see the news about Griffin?

Jill: Which one? Just about everything in The Augmented Eye has been about Griffin these few days.

Dana: The Griffin Dolls will be leaving this place in a week.

Jill: I saw that.

Jill: But the Prime Minister never said whether or not she would consider them as replacements for the White Knights.

Dana: Yup. But I'm guessing it's most likely not going to happen.

Jill: The Griffin Dolls caused quite a few problems here, and the technology that made them can't coexist happily with everything in this city.

Jill: Although, I heard about other conspiracy theories too.

Dana: Forget about those rumors, those politicians aren't TV screenwriters.

Dana: Although, I guess I'll miss them.

Jill: Me too. At the very least, their faces made them approachable.

Dana: But the White Knights' helmets were really cool.

Dana: Alright, ready to work?

Jill: Leave it to me, Boss.

Jill: (Let's decide how I'll feel today...)
If choice 1 was picked
If choice 2 was picked
If choice 3 was picked

Jill: Time to mix drinks and change lives.

???: Good evening, Miss Bartender!

Jill: Good evening, Doll of Griffin.

Jill: (Wow, her boobs are bigger than Alma's!)

???: Wow, you could tell who I am at a glance? You must be that Miss Jill, right?

Jill: That's right, I've served about a dozen Griffin Dolls this week.

???: Haha! This bar's more popular than it looks!

Jill: I just don't know why your colleagues all love to come down here. How should I address you?

Gr G28: Call me Gr G28!

Jill: Alright, alright, but you don't need to wave your gun around. It'll be taken as a show of force in human society.

Jill: What would you like, Gr G28?

Gr G28: I want...this! A Frothy Water!

Jill: One Frothy Water, no problem.

Jill: (Let's make a Frothy Water for this 16 to 9 version of Alma. I thought she would have wanted something stronger.)

Jill: 114,12,24
If choice 1 was picked

Gr G28: Thank you!
If choice 2 was picked

Gr G28: Is this Frothy Water? It doesn't look quite like what my intel says...
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: It looks just as clear and bland, but I think this is better suited to you.
If choice 2 was picked

Gr G28: Mm! I looked it up, and my big sister likes this too, so I'll accept this!
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: What?

Gr G28: Ah...is this the taste that big sister likes? Looks like her tastes are surprisingly bland.

Jill: Your big sister?

Gr G28: Yes, my big sister. I heard she likes drinks like these in particular.

Jill: ...I'm sorry, could you satisfy my curiosity? I'd like to know how a sisterly bond is forged between Griffin Dolls.

Jill: I know how Lilims make their lives in this city, but is it different from how you do it in Griffin?

Gr G28: Um...we tend to be...more mechanical about it.

Jill: Mechanical?

Gr G28: I heard that after Lilims are rolled out of the factory, they are educated, trained, and undergo learning in human society, and in the end they can choose and establish their family relationships, is that right?

Jill: Pretty much, yes.

Gr G28: Meanwhile, 416 and I were established as sisters ever since we were rolled out, probably because of our Imprinted weapons.

Jill: Imprinted weapons? I've heard about them before, but I don't understand.

Gr G28: That's right, by their specifications, Griffin Dolls count as civilian Dolls, do you get that part?

Jill: I know you can't punch through steel slabs like military Dolls, or accurately throw knives into bullseyes from over a hundred meters away.

Gr G28: Yes, and so we are fitted with the Imprint. Simply put, it is a module that increases our effectiveness when using specific weapons.

Gr G28: In other words, we are considered Tactical Dolls because of the weapons we hold, and that also decides part of our fate after being rolled out.

Jill: So...your weapon and that of your sister's are related models?

Gr G28: You're very smart, Miss Jill!

Gr G28: That's right! The Gr G28 is also known as the 417; you know what that means, right?

Jill: So you came to this bar...to try the drinks that your sister likes? Why didn't you just come here with her directly?

Gr G28: Unfortunately, my sister isn't that close to me...

Jill: I can understand, I have a good friend who can't handle her big sister too.

Gr G28: Um...maybe it's not like that? Our relationship isn't bad.

Gr G28: It's just that...our personalities aren't as...

Gr G28: When you look at me...you probably think that I'm the cute and lively type, right?

Jill: I do feel that way, although I rarely see people evaluate themselves as such.

Gr G28: That's what my Commander wrote on my evaluation report, and I believe my Commander!

Gr G28: But my sister...she's the complete opposite of me. She's distant from everyone in Griffin.

Gr G28: Her past is also a mystery, and she even went missing for a long time, and nobody knows what she did.

Jill: Women are more charming the more mysterious they are; does that apply to Dolls too?

Gr G28: I don't think that's necessarily the case, at least between colleagues.

Gr G28: Nobody actually says it, but most of them try to avoid her...

Gr G28: But...I'm her little sister, right? I ought to do something for her...

Jill: I feel that...drinking what she likes in a bar won't necessarily solve the actual problem.

Gr G28: I can't think of any other way. Could I have another drink? I'd like a beer...

Jill: That doesn't sound like what your sister would order.

Gr G28: That's right, this is something that I like, so I'd like to sample the beer here!

Jill: Let me just tell you something first, the "beer" we have here isn't actual beer.

Jill: However, I can guarantee it is one of the flagship items on our menu.

Jill: (Let's give Miss Gr G28 a beer.)

Jill: 2
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Here, a beer.

Gr G28: I'll try it!

Jill: (Good heavens, she chugged it so hard her boobs jiggled.)

Gr G28: Whew... This beer is great!

Jill: Thank you. Even the most hated magazine editor-in-chief in this city can't stop praising it.

Gr G28: Beer is just wonderful...

Gr G28: It's kind of hard to give this up and force myself to enjoy the watery drinks that my sister likes...

Jill: Gr G28, do you like your sister?

Gr G28: Of course I do! She's my sister, isn't she?

Jill: But there's no rule which states that sisters have to share their preferences.

Gr G28: Hm...but wouldn't it be strange if I didn't like those things? We were together when we were rolled out, after all.

Jill: It's precisely because you were together when you were rolled out; nobody got your permission for that, right?

Jill: You say that the relationships of Doll sisters are more mechanical, but in truth, I feel that your family relationships are closer to those of humans than Lilims.

Gr G28: ...

Jill: I'm sorry, I'm not saying that you shouldn't like your sister.

Jill: It's just...you aren't obliged to like anyone or anything, right?

Gr G28: Hm...

Gr G28: Then, how does it feel to like someone of your own free will, Miss Jill?

Gr G28: Is it more enjoyable than being forced to like something?

Jill: ...

Gr G28: Miss Jill?

Jill: I don't know...

Jill: I threw away the obligations I had to do what I wanted...but it didn't make me too happy.

Gr G28: Is that so...

Gr G28: I'd still like to learn from you.

Jill: I'm just a bartender. You pay me, I talk to you. This isn't profound advice on how to live your life correctly, it's just cheap experience.

Jill: But I'll say, "I chose this, I'll bear the consequences for it..."

Jill: ...And I won't run or hide anymore.

Gr G28: Is it bad to let others choose your fate for you?

Jill: No, it's only a matter of whether or not it suits you.

Jill: Maybe you like it this way, and I've said too much.

Gr G28: Miss Jill, I think that I like my big sister from the bottom of my heart.

Gr G28: While I know this was already written into my neural cloud, it still makes me happy to see her.

Gr G28: But I don't know...if I should like "this" big sister.

Jill: What do you mean?

Gr G28: Did you know, Miss Jill?

Gr G28: My memories in my neural cloud regarding my big sister were once deleted.

Jill: What?

Gr G28: The missions she went on were extremely clandestine and dangerous, so my superiors made me forget many things about her, including the fact that she even existed, for a while.

Gr G28: She came back to Griffin several years ago, and some memories came back, but the rest... I'm sure they can't be recovered...

Gr G28: I even wonder if she's the original 416 from my memories...or a different 416 with harmless memories...

Jill: ...

Jill: I'm sorry, I forgot that Dolls aren't quite like us. What I said just now was pointless...

Gr G28: No, Miss Jill. What you said actually made me feel very relieved...

Jill: Did it?

Gr G28: You're right. I've always used "factory settings" to cover up my relationship with my sister, which made me overlook a problem.

Gr G28: I like the Dolls called 416, and not that particular 416...

Jill: Then do you have your answer now?

Gr G28: No, but I want to try!

Gr G28: I'll try my best to like this 416 from the bottom of my heart! If I can't, then I'll wait for the next one!

Jill: I envy you for having all that time to try it out, but I think what you're doing is right.

Jill: Also, you shouldn't just secretly sample the drinks she likes and then fake surprise at sharing tastes with her at your next gathering.

Jill: You should also tell her what you like at the same time, so she can understand you.

Gr G28: ...You're right, Miss Jill!

Gr G28: I should tell 416 that I like beer, and I hope that she can try some too!

Jill: Take that step, then. All you need to do now is give her an invitation.

Gr G28: I'll go look for her right now. Thank you, Miss Jill, I'll bring her with me next time!

Jill: I'll be waiting.

Jill: Whew...

Jill: I hope I'll be able to take my own advice.

???: She's finally gone.

Jill: You are...

Jill: Oh...you were listening at the door all this time, weren't you?

???: You can tell who I am?

Jill: Your weapon looks a bit like hers.

Jill: You're her big sister 416, aren't you?

416: If I were on a mission, you would have been silenced already.

Jill: You heard it all just now. I'm guessing you don't like what she said.

416: Gr G28 is very annoying, but she's much smarter than she looks.

416: I should never have allowed the Commander to return her the memories concerning me.

Jill: Things being what they are, can't you just accept her goodwill?

416: Mind your own business, bartender.

Jill: Chatting is part of my job description.

Jill: So, did you come all this way to intimidate me, or are you my customer?

416: ...

Jill: Guten Tag? Would you like a drink?

416: A beer.

Jill: What?

416: No, I want a Cobalt Velvet.

Jill: You sounded like you wanted a beer just now.

416: I SAID I WANTED A BEER!

Jill: Fine, fine, no need to be so loud.

Jill: (She said she wanted a beer, and then she changed it to a Cobalt Velvet, haha!)

Jill: 27
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Here, darling. A glass of your little sister's favorite beer.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: This is the Cobalt Velvet you wanted. Sorry, but you might regret not ordering your little sister's favorite beer.

416: She's not my little sister, there's no law stating that.

Jill: There's a lot of bullshit in this world controlling us apart from laws.

Jill: You don't get to decide who your little sister is, just like how Gr G28 didn't decide who her big sister is.

416: I never asked her to do that. It's all one-sided on her part.

Jill: Then why did you order the beer?

416: I...

416: I'm just...sampling it...

Jill: Fine, we'll take it as an experiment. Feel free to tell me if your sampling yields any fruit.

416: Could you just leave me in peace for a bit?

Jill: Sure.

Jill: ...

416: ...

Jill: ......

416: ...Bartender.

Jill: Hm?

416: Are human families also this troublesome?

Jill: If you ask me, they're way more troublesome than how it is for you.

Jill: Not only can we change, but we can also change a lot. Some of us change ourselves every year, and some of us can stay the same for decades and then suddenly become a different person one day.

Jill: All human relationships are unreliable, and it's much easier for us to go from liking to hating than hating to liking.

416: I want to hate them too.

416: Not just my little sister, but many of my annoying colleagues.

Jill: It looks like you do like them very much.

416: I simply have nowhere to go.

Jill: Then you should enjoy it.

Jill: Do it while they're still by your side. Don't make a decision you'll regret because of a moment of selfishness and weakness.

416: You talk like you're very experienced with this.

Jill: So am I right? You're just running away, aren't you?

416: You're just a little bartender living in a utopia...

416: Do you know how many mechanical monsters I've wiped out over the past decade, how many cruel missions I've completed? I've never ran from that!

Jill: You're right. I don't know. So why don't you prove it to me?

416: How?

Jill: Finish this drink.

416: ...Are you serious?

Jill: Are you afraid? Your little sister said you could only have sweet and sour drinks.

416: I-I'm just concerned about my health. The jobs I do aren't just trifling patrols.

Jill: But you don't have anything else to do right now, right? Just take it as an experiment, then, how about it?

416: ...

Jill: (Why did the look in her eyes suddenly change.)

416: Bartender, don't tell me you really think I wouldn't dare to consume alcohol?

Jill: What?

416: It's just that I haven't tried it.

416: Or rather...those memories were deleted.

416: My Commander and colleagues don't want me to recall them, so it's true that I don't know what will happen if I drink alcohol.

Jill: Wait a minute...

416: Now that you mention it, I'm suddenly curious, bartender.

416: Rather than embarrass myself in front of my little sister, why not conduct an experiment here?

Jill: I think you should wait for me to call my Boss...

416: It's time to take this step—

Jill: (She downed it in one gulp!)

416: ...

Jill: ...What's wrong, Miss 416?

416: ...

Jill: (I don't quite like this expression.)

Jill: Miss 416, you...

416: ...

...Thump!

...

Dorothy: I...

Dorothy: Where am I...

Dorothy: And...

Dorothy: What am I doing...

Dorothy: Uwah! Why are my legs moving on their own!

Dorothy: Where is this place! What am I doing!?

Stella: Keep it down, the White Knight mechs are about to find us! Focus on running! Hurry!

Dorothy: Stella??

Dorothy: What happened? Wasn't my mind taken over by my big sister?

Stella: Anna suddenly released her control over you. I took advantage of the opportunity to hack into you and take over your body!

Stella: ...Dorothy, what's with you?

Dorothy: I-It's nothing...

Dorothy: I just feel like...I...I've...been...

Stella: I don't know what happened on Anna's side of things, but this might be our only chance to escape.

Dorothy: Hacking...control...

Dorothy: To think...you could actually do something like this...

Stella: Dorothy...?

Stella: You don't look quite right. I'm sorry if I hacked you for too long; it might have damaged your neural cloud.

Stella: I'll help you clear your cache afterward and cool off your overheated modules—

Dorothy: Uwaaahhh!—!

Dorothy: I can't take it anymore—!

...Dorothy suddenly breaks into a sprint!

Stella: Dorothy, wait! There's a—!

Dorothy: Hack me, Stella! Hack me hard like you've never hacked me before!!

...Thump!

Stella: Er...Dorothy? Are you alright?

Dorothy: Uuu...

Dorothy: I ran into a wall, I need to do a self-test...

Stella: Get up quick, the White Knights are still behind us!

...Stella looks at the wall ahead of them.

Stella: ...Dammit! Why is this a dead end?

Stella: I've seen the blueprint, there should be a path here...

???: That's because there is a secret tunnel here.

Stella: !? There's a voice from behind the wall...

Stella: And this voice is...

Stella: Sei! Is that you, Sei!?

...The wall in front of Stella slowly opens up, and a female White Knight emerges.

Sei: Long time no see, Stella.

...Stella freezes for a moment, then rushes up to hug Sei.

Stella: Ah...

Stella: Why are you...

Stella: It's like...I'm in a dream...

Stella: I feel like I could die right now with no regrets.

Sei: (Laughs) Then I'd have come all this way for nothing, Stella.

Dorothy: Uuu...I'm awake.

Dorothy: What are you doing, honeys! We'd best get out of here!

Sei: Hello, Prime Minister Dorothy.

Sei: I'm Sei P. Asagiri of Unit 765, the Blitzkrieg Corps, at your service.

...Sei drags the two of them into the secret tunnel and closes the door.

...The three of them head downwards through the dark passage.

Stella: Thank goodness you came, Sei, I didn't think you'd...

Sei: I heard all sorts of things along the way. About Prime Minister Dorothy, Anna, and you, Stella.

Sei: Then I rushed all the way here, and it seems I made it just in time.

Dorothy: There was actually a secret tunnel here? Even I didn't know about it!

Sei: This is a secret escape tunnel of the White Knights. Only Captain-level members are authorized to use it.

Sei: Let's keep going. We'll be able to leave through the HQ's back door within about ten minutes.

Stella: But you're only a Vice-Captain, and a human at that.

Sei: Yes, but Captain Jericho gave me the authorization anyway.

Sei: She said that natives needed it more, because we only lived once.

Stella: Sei...

Stella: What happened to Jericho?

...Sei sighs.

Sei: Stella, I can't believe you're asking how she is after you made me do something like that...

Stella: I'm sorry, but...

Stella: What I mean is...Dolls' neural clouds can be backed up...

Stella: And if you just... It would be like it never happened...

Sei: I can't just pretend that it never happened, Stella!

Sei: Look at what you made me do! Jericho might forget, but what about me? I'll remember this forever!

Stella: I'm sorry for getting you involved in this...

Stella: I can try to fix it, like say, memory erasure surgery...

Sei: I didn't kill Jericho.

Stella: What?

Sei: What happened was that she was hoping that I'd kill her, so I'd feel better about it.

Sei: I missed my first shot, and then, I just couldn't...finish the job.

Sei: I left her outside, where she could call for help... I believe that she'll survive, and I believe that after this, she'll be on our side.

Stella: I understand...and it doesn't matter now, anyway.

Stella: My original plan...was to use the Parapluie virus to take control of all the Griffin Dolls and then overthrow Dorothy to root out Anna, which would solve everything.

Sei: How did you become...the supreme leader of S.F.?

Stella: I once asked Alma...the best hacker on Earth, to look into S.F....

Stella: And then on the night when we were supposed to make an exchange, Alma was secretly arrested by the White Knights, which got me worried...

Dorothy: I didn't know about that! It must have been my sister... She must have done it...

Stella: And so I stuck to the arrangement with Alma and went to the place where the Dolls who had gone on the mission would make the trade.

Stella: In the end, I didn't find Super-Shorty or IDW, but they still finished their mission...

Stella: ...They had delivered the body of the S.F. Mastermind, Elisa, to the meeting point.

Stella: I didn't want to let their sacrifices be in vain, so I studied Elisa's internal structure and extracted her S.F. module for my own use.

Stella: And then I kept on researching the truth on S.F., the Earth Computer, and Anna...

Sei: That certainly sounds like you, Stella.

Stella: I once swore an oath that I would pay any price to save Griffin City...

Stella: But now the situation is completely out of control. It's nothing like what I imagined...

Sei: You can't control everything, Stella.

Sei: You've been like that ever since you were young, and while you are considerate of others, a lot of times...you're too harsh.

Sei: You're overly rational, and you keep thinking that you have to bear the entire burden by yourself, which is why you keep overlooking how others feel...

Stella: Because I've always thought...it would be a rational and correct course of action as long as it turns out for the best and the cost is acceptable.

Sei: Perhaps you're right, but you can't be right all the time. You can't rely solely on yourself.

Sei: A lot of times, trust is more reliable than orders.

Dorothy: That's right! If you had discussed things with me beforehand, both of us would have ended up in a better situation, at the very least.

Stella: B-But I did do something useful, right!?

Stella: At least I managed to find Anna, the last boss of this entire matter, right?

Dorothy: Yeah, you did, but where is she now?

Stella: That's the problem, but I don't believe there's anyone in this world who doesn't exist.

Sei: (Laughs) Is that some kind of tongue-twister?

Sei: But you might be right, Stella. You're the smartest human I've ever met. Surely you must have some clue, right?

Stella: I can't be sure....

Stella: Our enemy this time is completely beyond my frame of reference. She might actually be a "god"...

Sei: Or she might just be a ghost, but it doesn't matter what she is, Stella.

Sei: Do you still remember what you said to me when I was surrounded by S.F. at the Apollo Trust Bank?

Stella: A person does not lose hope until the bitter end.

Sei: Yeah, and then I jumped off the building and escaped with my life.

Sei: It's not the bitter end yet, Stella.

Stella: That's right...

Stella: You're still with me, so the worst hasn't come to pass yet... I still have hope.

Stella: But this time, I don't think I can rely entirely on myself...

Stella: Dorothy, can you think of anything about your sister? Any kind of clue would help.

Dorothy: Hmm...

Dorothy: Do you know of the VA-11 bar? It's on a street corner in a residential district.

Stella: That bar... I went there a few times after seeing it on *Kira* Miki's blog. What about it?

Sei: VA-11 Hall-A??

Dorothy: That's right, looks like you've all been there! I've been there a few times myself!

Dorothy: Anna often mentioned that place...

Dorothy: She once said...that it was the beginning of everything.

Stella: The beginning of everything? In a civilian district bar?

Stella: Is there anything special about it?

Sei: I went there for the first time several hours ago at Captain Jericho's recommendation.

Sei: It was filled with the smell of soap and dog urine, and the boss there was a pretty interesting character, but it's just an ordinary bar.

Sei: Or perhaps...it was more ordinary than an ordinary bar. There were no sexily-dressed bartenders putting on extravagant mixing shows.

Stella: We'll have to check it out. Perhaps something may be hidden there.

Sei: Won't it be dangerous? If Anna ends up being there too...

Stella: It's very likely that Anna won't be there. She just left Dorothy's body a moment ago, and she hasn't tried to take control again so far. I'm sure something must have happened.

Stella: However, you should send a message to Jericho just in case, Sei. Ask her to send Dolls from the White Knights to meet over there.

Sei: Alright, but I'm not sure if she'll agree.

Dorothy: All of Griffin City is in a mess now. We're not the only ones who want to save the world. I'm sure everyone must be on the move!

Dorothy: Of course, if we're heading to that bar, I'm sure there'll be a lot of problems to deal with along the way.

Sei: We'll face those problems real soon.

Sei: Everyone, we're almost at the exit. There may be a dozen mechs waiting for us at the doorway.

Stella: Buy me some time. I'll do my best to get more Dolls under my control to help us.

Dorothy: Leave it to Dangerous Dorothy, then! My whole body was remodelled for this moment!

Sei: Your hands are MIRD113s... That means...

Dorothy: I can fire Class 5 rounds from my fingertips! That's right, this is why I didn't need many bodyguards!

Sei: Are you prepared? Get ready!

...Sei raises her weapon and pulls open the exit door of the secret tunnel.

...Bangbang! Bang!

...And then the three of them see a chaotic melee outside, with the wreckage of White Knight mechs littered all over the ground.

Human Bodyguard: Prime Minister Dorothy, are you alright?

Human News Reporter K: Hey, you guys finally showed up!

Dorothy: Hahaha, I told you the natives are reliable!

Sei: Earlier I asked the humans and the Dolls to buy us time so we could flee the building.

Sei: I didn't think...that they had held out for this long.

Dorothy: Stella, sometimes people will help you, even without the Parapluie virus.

Stella: So trust is more reliable than orders, huh...

WA2000: Hailing Stella.

WA2000: ...To your left.

...Bang!

A bullet pierces a mech rushing up from the side.

Stella: Hmph, you haven't run yet?

WA2000: What are you saying? Who else could afford my services besides you?

Stella: I'll pay you double if you survive.

Stella: Everyone! We still have a sliver of hope, so please lend me your strength!

Stella: But this time, I won't use Parapluie. Instead, I hope you will choose to help us of your own free will!

Gr MP5: That...person is...

Viking: That's the suspicious native who bumped into Gr MP5! So this is all her doing—

Dorothy: Everyone in Griffin City! Please hear me out!

Dorothy: I made many mistakes in the past, and I ran away from many problems.

Dorothy: The facts have proven that I was wrong, and now I see you, every Doll, every human, every screw, and every living cell!

Dorothy: I've always known...that someone was pulling the strings behind everything in Griffin City from behind the scenes.

Dorothy: I thought that you were as cowardly and afraid as I was, that you couldn't handle the truth, so I did my best to hide the secret of this city and tried to tell everyone that all was well...

Dorothy: But today, you're fighting bravely! I underestimated your courage and the hope in all of your hearts! So...

Dorothy: I! The Dorothy Haze that everyone knows and loves!

Dorothy: I ask you to help us! For the sake of Griffin City...and Earth's last hope! I ask you to help me fight the cloaked enemy of Griffin City to the very end!

Viking: It's Prime Minister Dorothy! She finally came out and said the truth!

Human News Reporter K: Hmph, this is what a Prime Minister should sound like.

Gr MP5: W-We'll help too!

Gr MP5: Turn your Imprint coefficient up to the max! We'll show them the power of Griffin Dolls!

Human Bodyguard: Ohhhhhhhh!

Human Bodyguard: Our hearts for Dorothy—!

Sei: Looks like you've really bolstered the morale.

Stella: I have to admit, you all have different ways of doing things from me, but they're all very effective.

Dorothy: We have different methods, but we're all trying to achieve the same goal!

Dorothy: Don't let your guard down. The city's filled with White Knight mechs, and we'll have to fight our way through them!

Sei: Let's go! Our target is the VA-11 bar! I'll lead the way and take us there as soon as possible!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Gr G28: Enjoy the present day and the present time!

Gr G28: Good South Hemisphere, er... Wait—

Dorothy: FINALLY! DOROTHY HAS RETURNED TO VALHALLA!

Dorothy: Huh? Weren't you that girl from earlier...

Gr G28: Ahaha, we meet again, Prime Minister Dorothy!

Gr G28: That's right, my other part time job is being a bartender here. It really is an honor to be able to meet you twice in just three hours—

Gr G28: Uh...and you are...

Stella: I'm Stella Hoshii. Sorry about the mess I made earlier.

Gr G28: Ah, don't worry about it. There's an even bigger mess now.

Stella: Sei, you told me there were no sexily-dressed bartenders here...

Sei: Jill was the one bartending when I was here previously...

Sei: She's a human with a figure that's...very different from this Doll.

Gr G28: Hehe, the boss won't be happy to hear that, although you're telling the truth.

Gr G28: I'm Gr G28, but everyone in the bar likes to call me Gillian. I forgot who was the first one to call me by that name, but you can just use that name for me when I'm bartending.

Sei: ...It sounds like a puppy's name.

Dorothy: How are you guys still open even when all of Griffin City is in chaos?

Gr G28: Well, the boss once said, "If the end of the world comes for us, then the bar is the one place that must exist."

Gr G28: What would you like to drink?

Dorothy: The usual, give me a Piano Woman!

Gr G28: This is my first time doing this.

Dorothy: Yeah, the boss herself always used to make drinks for me.

Dorothy: Now give me your first time, honey!

Stella: The boss...you mean the human girl called Jill?

Gr G28: "Jill"? Yes. But "girl"? She's 27, you know.

Gr G28: Prime Minister Dorothy, your Piano Woman—

Dorothy: Thank you!

Dorothy: ...Hm...is it me, or does this taste a little different?

Gr G28: Huh? I made it according to the recipe. Does the boss have some kind of secret formula for it?

Stella: So, where is Miss Jill, anyway?

Gr G28: Ah...the boss...

Gr G28: She went home to take shelter. After all...it's pretty dangerous outside.

...Dorothy finishes her drink and presses up against Stella.

Dorothy: I think she's lying. That's what my instincts as a woman and a Lilim are telling me.

Stella: ...Gr G28.

Stella: Jill's still here, isn't she?

Gr G28: What...

Gr G28: Of course not! She went back long—

Stella: Miss Gr G28, please look me in the eye.

Gr G28: Hm?

...Whum!

Stella: Jill is at the back door.

Gr G28: Huh...

Gr G28: You...you hacked me?

Gr G28: I...I can't move!

Stella: I'm sorry, Miss Gillian, but please stay put for five minutes. We're coming over—

Sei: There's movement behind the door. Be quiet and don't alert her. Let's go over and have a listen.

...The three of them press their heads to the back door.

...

Jill: Today...

Sei: It's Jill's voice...

Gr G28: Uuu... I'm doomed...

Jill: My card readings showed me that...

Jill: A ghost would bring me tremendous change.

Stella: What...?

Jill: The ghost...that black-haired ghost girl told me...

Jill: "Everything will begin and end here."

Dorothy: Hey! Stella, your boobs are squishing my head!

Stella: What? They are not!

Sei: Quit moving around, you two!

Jill: I knew it!

Jill: "A Scientific Theory on the Idea of Auras" is as revolutionary as I thought!

Jill: Soon I'll bring the entire world into the occult-science singularity!

...Creak—!

Dorothy & Stella & Sei: Uwah!—!

...The back door is suddenly forced open from the weight of the three people pressing up against it, and the rusty hinges emit an ear-piercing shriek as the door collapses to the ground.

Jill: Who—

Jill: Wait a minute...

Jill: Sei? Miss Stella? ...And Prime Minister Dorothy?

Dorothy: Hi, Jill.

Sei: Good Southern Hemisphere, Miss Jill. We meet again.

Jill: What kind of team is this?

Jill: It looks like any two people among you have a good reason to kill the third.

Stella: We're willing to explain, but that's not important. Why don't you tell us what you were doing?

Jill: I...

Gr G28: S-She was conducting research into her occultism theories...

Gr G28: It's a hobby that's...not too well understood...

Jill: This is science! Artificial lifeforms would never understand!

Dorothy: Oh my...as a DFC-72 android and the last Prime Minister on Earth, it pains me to hear that.

Dorothy: So in the end, the last hope for the world that we did our best to find turns out to be the chuuni antics of a human friend of mine who's still wearing twin tails at the age of 27.

Jill: Er... chuuni-what?

Jill: No! This is real! Listen, I can speak with ghosts! I've always been able to! She's going to show herself today, and I'm trying to summon her true form!

Sei: I'm sorry, Miss Jill, but the world outside is in chaos.

Sei: The Dolls and natives are brawling with all kinds of mechs on the streets, and a White Knight deserter, a S.F. boss, and a Griffin City Prime Minister have teamed up to save the world.

Sei: I think...now isn't a good time to draw the attention of the world with your childish dreams.

Dorothy: I'm glad to have discovered your other secret. All the best with your research into the occult, honey.

Stella: Wait a minute.

Stella: There may be a connection between all of this. Let me ask a few more questions.

Stella: Miss Jill, what did that ghost look like?

Jill: Uh...She had shoulder-length black hair and looked to be in her teens.

Jill: She wore a long black robe and her face was as stiff as a Doll's.

Stella: What was her name?

Jill: She asked me to call her Anna.

Jill: Anna Graem.

Dorothy: Anna? Good heavens, it really is Anna!

Stella: Jill, can you still see her? That ghost?

Jill: I...I did as she instructed, and she said she would be officially guiding me today.

Jill: And then she vanished, and I've been trying to summon her... Maybe she might show up soon.

Jill: So what happened to Anna?

Jill: She said, "if you want to learn the truth, you will have to trust me". I don't think she's a bad person!

Dorothy: Er... Guys...

Stella: Miss Jill, you're 27 years old already; don't you think that sounded really dangerous?

Jill: Growing old isn't a curse, it's an achievement! It's because I'm 27 that I'm not worried about danger.

Jill: Or are you saying...it's even more dangerous than the state of this city right now?

Dorothy: Guys! Have...have I grown taller?

Sei: Grown taller?

Sei: No! Good heavens, you're floating up into the air, Dorothy!

Dorothy: Ehhhhhh!? I-I-I-I-I'm actually flying!

Jill: What's going on!? To think I'm not the only one witnessing a practical manifestation of the occult!

Stella: No! It's a levitation potion!

Stella: Sei, grab onto her, or else Dorothy's going to fly off!

Sei: I got you! I got you!

Stella: It was the drink... It must have been Gr G28!

...Just as Stella is about to turn around—

...Bam!

...She is suddenly knocked down by something.

Sei: Stella—!

Stella: Something hit me!

Stella: Dammit, Gr G28! You hit me with your boobs!

Gr G28: Sorry, everyone.

Gr G28: Miss White Knight, you'd better not let go, otherwise Prime Minister Dorothy is going to fly off into the sky.

Gr G28: And you, Miss Stella, don't think you can look into my eyes again!

Stella: Gwaaahhh! It's the "Walls of Jericho"!

Gr G28: I learned that from you from before! —Boss, now's your chance, hurry up and run!

Jill: Huh?

Gr G28: They're looking for Anna! Run!

Jill: Uh...

Jill: But! I...where should I go!

Gr G28: Some place where you can see Anna!

...Jill freezes.

Jill: A place...where I can see Anna...

Gr G28: Hurry, boss!

Gr G28: Anna said that you'll definitely be able to find her!

Dorothy: Hey—!

Sei: Don't squirm, you'll fly off!

Gr G28: Run, Jill, run!

Stella: Dammit! Sei, your gun!

...Kachak! Sei pulls out her gun with one hand.

Sei: I'm sorry, Miss Jill! Please don't move!

Jill: You, what are you doing! Please don't shoot!

Gr G28: Hey, you're scaring the boss!

Gr G28: Uwah—!

...Stella takes advantage of Gr G28's moment of distraction to reverse the hold and pins her to the ground.

Stella: That'll settle you, you goddamn Doll!

Stella: Sei! Throw Dorothy to me! Hurry up and subdue Jill!

Dorothy: Ahhhh! ...Gently, gently!

Dorothy: —All right, I'm home free!

Sei: Miss Jill, please work with us!

Jill: St-Stay back, Sei!

Sei: I won't hurt you. I just want to ask you a few questions. May I do that?

...Sei puts her gun away.

Sei: Don't be scared. Please give me your hand.

Dorothy: Sei, you look like you're better cut out for the Valkyries.

Jill: I...

Gr G28: Boss...

Sei: Take your time, it's alright...

Jill: Sei, everyone...

Jill: I—

Sei: What—!

...Sei reaches out to grab Jill.

...And then, her hand touches nothing but thin air.

Dorothy: Whoa...

Sei: Jill? Jill, where did you go!?

Stella: Did...she vanish?

Sei: Looks like it...

Sei: She just...vanished all of a sudden.

Dorothy: Alright, my dear little dairy barmaid!

Dorothy: You must have something you want to tell us, right?

Gr G28: Uuu...

Stella: You don't have to tell me, I'll scour your neural cloud for it.

Gr G28: D-Don't! I'll tell you!

Gr G28: Although, you won't be able to accept...the truth...

Sei: Miss Gillian, no matter what Miss Jill turns out to be, it won't change how we see her.

Gr G28: No...I'm not just talking about the boss or Anna...

Gr G28: I'm talking about...the truth of this world.

VA11 Hall-A Employees Actually Accomplices In The Rebellion!?: Author: Lana Smithee

The White Knight Rebellion has gradually calmed down, but the official statement on the matter is quite surprising. The government has announced that the operator of the VA-11 Hall-A bar Julianne Stingray (AKA Jill) and the bartender she employed called Gillian (alias of our former reporter Gr G28) were responsible for sheltering the mastermind behind this rebellion, "Anna Graem". The Augmented Eye has always insisted on providing accurate and high-quality reporting to our readers and we severely condemn the position assumed by the government's media messaging. In addition, Gr G28 has already resigned from our paper and The Augmented Eye takes no responsibility for her actions or statements.

—You all know what's going on already, there were so many people there and everyone saw it! If you want to ignore the facts then go right ahead, Chief Editor, I know that the reviewers are all underpaid and overworked interns. If this paragraph isn't cut, then that means my gamble paid off!

(The article is signed with a hand-written capital "K".)
Part 2

    2chevron_right

Jill: Good evening, Boss...

Jill: (There's someone I haven't seen before.)

Dana: Hi, Jill.

Dana: This is a Doll friend of mine I met on the way, M16A1.

M16A1: Good evening. You would be Miss Jill, am I correct?

Jill: Good evening. Should I address you as M16A1?

M16A1: Just call me M16.

M16A1: ...Is there something on my face?

Jill: No, my apologies...

Jill: I was just curious about a Doll who could be the Boss' friend.

Dana: Hey, don't make me sound like I have no friends.

Jill: But there must have been a strange encounter involved in all of this, right?

M16A1: Oh, we taught a couple of armed robbers a lesson at a street corner.

Dana: One punch for each of them.

M16A1: Er... I used my legs.

Jill: ...

Jill: Did they get to fight back?

Dana: Of course not, Jill. I'm not a thug, I've been trained.

Dana: As for M16 here, she's a combat veteran.

Jill: In any case, I'm glad that you're fine.

Jill: Will you be staying here, Miss M16?

Dana: Do you mind keeping her company for a bit? I still need to fill in a few forms for the BTC, and then I'm going out to drink with M16. After all, opportunities like these don't come round often.

Jill: Of course I don't mind, Miss M16. Just give me a bit to shift into working mode.

M16A1: I'll wait.

Jill: (Let's pick appropriate background music so this old soldier doesn't end up looking down on this bar.)
If choice 1 was picked
If choice 2 was picked
If choice 3 was picked

Jill: Time to serve mix and change lives...

Jill: Dammit, I got it wrong again.

M16A1: What did you get wrong?

Jill: It should have been "Mix drinks and change lives".

Jill: It's a greeting we were trained to use when we start our shifts...but that's not important.

M16A1: You seem distracted.

M16A1: Is it because I'm friends with your boss?

Jill: What?

M16A1: My apologies, I wasn't thinking when I said that.

Jill: You seem better at reading people's faces than other Dolls.

M16A1: I don't like to toot my own horn, I'm just stating the facts objectively—

M16A1: However many Griffin Dolls you've served this month, my accumulated combat experience is at least equal to the sum of all of theirs.

Jill: Is that...true?

M16A1: Haha, of course not! Just that girl lying on the sofa over there is on par with me.

Jill: You know her?

M16A1: She's 416. We're old acquaintances.

M16A1: If you want to hear stories from an old vet, then give me something to drink.

Jill: What would you like to drink?

M16A1: What do you think? What do I look like I would like to drink?

Jill: Frankly speaking, a question like that would be annoying if it came from another customer.

Jill: But in your case...I have to say that I'm very curious.

M16A1: Given my attire, it shouldn't be hard to guess.

Jill: A Brandtini. Do you want a Brandtini?

M16A1: Aha! I love Brandtinis!

M16A1: But I've had a lot of Brandtinis over the past two days, so that's not what I want the most tonight.

M16A1: I want something stronger, like you were going "take this" to me.

Jill: I understand. A moment, please.

Jill: (I should give her stomach a "take this", like a Gut Punch.)

Jill: 1312,19,22,23
If choice 1 was picked

M16A1: Ah! This is great, that's how it should feel!

M16A1: This is the kind of drink that you should have after legally bashing someone, not a sweet fizzy fruit juice!
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: While I think asking this now might be a little late...after you get drunk, do you get hallucinations and then rush out of the bar and onto the street?
If choice 1 was picked

M16A1: That bad? Don't worry, we're far from that point.
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: (Usually when humans say that, it's a sign that they're drunk. Fortunately she's a Doll... I hope that's a good thing...)
If choice 2 was picked

M16A1: Mm! This is good, though it doesn't feel like it hits hard enough.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: You're a...er...
If choice 2 was picked

M16A1: A masochist? No! Of course not!

M16A1: I just want a little excitement to soften the regret of not being able to beat the crap out of a bad guy.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: (If you really put your fist through a perp's jaw, it wouldn't just be a little excitement.)

Jill: Alright, old soldier, tell me your story.

M16A1: Haha, I'm not actually an old soldier or anything.

M16A1: If you count up the time from the moment I was born into this world until now, I'd only be a teenage girl. It's just that I've been on the frontline ever since I opened my eyes.

Jill: A girl's frontline, I understand.

Jill: But according to what I know, a Lilim's age isn't determined by when they left the factory, at least.

M16A1: About that, well, we operate along similar lines.

M16A1: I'd already been through far more simulator training than most Griffin Dolls before I even left the factory, and my neural cloud was programmed to grow faster.

M16A1: Going by that standard, I ought to be an old lady.

Jill: You don't seem to mind being called that. Many women would blow up if they heard it.

M16A1: While saying this might be a little provocative, my face is never going to age.

Jill: Well done, Miss M16. Now all the women are going to blow up, myself included.

M16A1: Haha, then break my face, rip out my hair, and throw me in the gutter so all my joints rust solid.

M16A1: But unfortunately, I'll still be me, and I've got a hundred ways to make a living even without my looks.

M16A1: Only people who are content to let themselves stagnate will truly get old, so I'll be young forever.

Jill: I understand why you and the Boss can get along so well.

Jill: I have to say, M16...it really makes me a little jealous.

M16A1: You and your Boss have a good relationship too, I can tell. She thinks highly of you.

Jill: I know, she's the world's best Boss.

Jill: But it's because she's too good... You know what I mean?

M16A1: I know, I know, my previous team leader was someone like you.

M16A1: Lost, shy, unable to deal with the problem once she ran into an extreme situation... She always regretted her choices.

M16A1: Don't worry too much. You need to believe that you're worthy of her kindness. Cherish it and the person who gave it to you, don't doubt it and worry that you'll lose it someday...

M16A1: Because you really will lose it someday...and that day will be a test of whether or not you really deserve it.

Jill: ...

M16A1: I'm sorry, I've said too much. I wasn't referring to you, I was just being a little...sentimental.

Jill: No...perhaps I should have met you earlier.

M16A1: Haha, then we could only have met on the battlefield.

Jill: I can't imagine myself on the battlefield.

Jill: Screaming "Time to mix drinks and change lives" with bullets and shells all around me? The BTC would have to pay me a lot more.

???: You're going onto the battlefield? Then what about this bar?

Jill: There's still Gillian. He said he'd be back soon yesterday.

Jill: Good evening, Stella.

Stella: Good evening, Jill.

Stella: ...

Stella: May I know who this is?

M16A1: Griffin Tactical Doll M16A1. Good evening.

Stella: Good evening, I'm Stella Hoshii. It's an honor to meet you.

Stella: Ah, I'm sorry, I hope what I did just now didn't offend you...

M16A1: It's fine, I noticed it too, right?

Jill: (I'd bet Fore's dinner tray that they were talking about each others' right eyes.)

Stella: I apologize for the awkwardness. Can I get you a drink?

M16A1: Thanks, but no thanks. I just had a stiff one, and I'll be going drinking again later, so I need to space myself.

M16A1: Go on and drink. If you don't think I'm interrupting you, I'll just wait here until the boss comes out...

Stella: No, of course I don't mind, let's sit together.

Stella: Can I have a Bleeding Jane, Jill?

Jill: Yes, ma'am.

Jill: (Let's give Stella a Bleeding Jane. When was the last time she ordered this...)

Jill: 3
If choice 1 was picked

Stella: Thank you very much. Your execution is perfect as ever.
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Just doing my job.

Jill: So, are you waiting for Sei tonight?

Stella: Yes, I arranged to go to the Griffin base with her.

Jill: At a time like this? What kind of business do you have which has to be discussed in the middle of the night?

Jill: Er...if it's not convenient to talk about that...

Stella: No, this isn't business.

Stella: In truth, we're just going to meet a few *Kira* Miki fans among the Griffin Dolls. This is simply a little offline meeting.

M16A1: I'm guessing you mean K2 and the others.

Stella: Yup! Do you know them?

M16A1: Their band is quite famous in Griffin, and they've been around for a few years now.

M16A1: They covered a *Kira* Miki song during their last concert, let me think, it was one of the famous ones...

Stella: It must have been "Shine Spark"!

Stella: Jill, lend me the bar's speakers!

Jill: Right, right, hang on a bit.

Stella: This is the one, right?

M16A1: Yes, that's the one! Did you attend the concert?

Stella: Of course! No Earthling or android should miss a *Kira* Miki concert!

Jill: (Good thing I attended one of them with her and Sei, otherwise I'd have been eliminated from the classification of "Earthling".)

Stella: Ah... I really want to scream the catchphrase now, this song really takes me back!

Jill: But you won't really do that, right?

Stella: Of course not. This isn't a real concert, after all.

Stella: Although I do look forward to meeting all those *Kira* Miki fans afterwards.

Stella: Miss M16, I've never had personal dealings with Griffin Dolls. May I ask if there's anything that I should keep in mind?

M16A1: Did you notice anything when you were talking to Miss Jill?

M16A1: If you didn't, then there's nothing to worry about. The second-generation Tactical Dolls that Griffin recruits may seem a little backwards when it comes to technology, but they don't have any hidden dangers in them.

M16A1: We're a security PMC; safety is our stock in trade, right?

Stella: You've definitely put the city at ease, and for that I thank you.

M16A1: I also need to thank your Prime Minister for the big paychecks you're writing for us.

M16A1: Leaving that aside, I've got a pretty good impression of this city.

Jill: You like it here?

M16A1: Why do you look so surprised, Miss Bartender?

M16A1: I've been on the battlefield until recently. I'm happy enough that I can see so many living people and robots on the streets who aren't pointing guns at me.

???: I'm sorry, am I late?

Stella: Seiiiiiiiiii—! You're here at last!

M16A1: Heh, another one? If I'm not wrong, the White Knights should have been disbanded.

Jill: Why are you wearing your White Knight armor again, Sei?

Stella: I asked her to wear it. The people from 16Lab wanted to study it, so I found a way to get someone to repair a suit.

Sei: Good evening, Miss Jill, and you would be...

M16A1: Griffin Tactical Doll M16A1. Good evening, Miss Soldier.

Sei: Good evening, Miss M16. My name's Sei P. Asagiri.

Sei: Unfortunately, I'm not a soldier anymore. I'm now Stella's personal bodyguard.

Stella: ...And best friend.

M16A1: Ah... well, this really is the most reassuring thing in the world, isn't it?

Jill: Would you like something to drink, Sei?

Sei: We're in a bit of a rush, but since we're going to a place that's full of Dolls, I might need something to bolster my courage.

Jill: While I think you'd prefer something sweeter and colder, I'd recommend a Grizzly Temple for raising your spirits.

Sei: I don't quite like feeling dizzy...but tonight's special, so let's go with that. I should be able to handle it!

Jill: (Let's make a Grizzly Temple for Sei. I haven't seen her dressed as a White Knight for a long time, I'm so glad she managed to make it through that trying period.)

Jill: 1213,19,22,23
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Here you go. Cheer up, Sei.
If choice 1 was picked

Sei: This drink...it goes down just as hard as they said it would on the net. Good thing I'm not that picky.
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: But it managed to cheer you up, right?
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: Would you like to try this? I'm sure it'll perk you right up too.
If choice 2 was picked

Sei: It just tastes bitter to me, but I'm definitely feeling energized...

Sei: Stella, we only have a few more minutes to chat before we have to go.

Stella: Alright, then may I ask a sensitive question, Miss M16? You don't have to answer me, of course.

Stella: If...you were faced with a human criminal, what would you do?

M16A1: I already dealt with one of those today. I beat up a knife-wielding human robber.

M16A1: However, I'd have killed him if I were ordered to. While situations like that are rare, they're often life-or-death struggles on the battlefield.

Stella: And if a human were trying to harm you?

M16A1: Are you thinking of the "Three Laws of Robotics"?

Stella: I know it's just a story, but I'm still curious if you're the same as Lilims.

M16A1: In Griffin's case, we have more freedom, but things are also more complicated.

M16A1: My unit allows me to respond immediately upon taking damage without having to worry about the consequences.

M16A1: I'm a soldier before I'm a Doll, and my neural cloud's a little special, so backing it up isn't so easy.

Jill: So you're saying...you're special, even in Griffin?

M16A1: That's right. Objectively speaking, I'm more fragile than the average Doll, because it's very hard to back up my memories.

Sei: Miss M16... May I ask if you fear death more than other Dolls?

M16A1: Death would be a release for me, everyone... after all, Dolls don't have the right to terminate themselves.

Sei: I'm sorry...

M16A1: Haha! No, no, I should be the one apologizing, I was just making a joke. This topic is a little heavy, after all.

M16A1: Right, time to get serious... I do fear it, of course, but not enough that I don't dare to face it.

M16A1: That's because I know there are things in this world more valuable than my life, or perhaps I should say that I live for them.

Sei: Do you really believe that?

M16A1: At first, it was an order...

M16A1: Later on... I'm not too sure either.

M16A1: It often turns out that you get used to your job first and then you start liking it, not the other way around.

Stella: Still, I want to convey my sincerest respect to you, Miss M16.

Dana: Ah... I finally handed in all those damn forms.

Dana: Hey, Stella, Sei, good evening!

Sei: Ah, good evening. We were just about to leave for the Griffin base.

Stella: I suddenly feel like...we can actually go together, can't we?

Stella: Dana, Jill, M16, would you like to go to the Griffin base and look around? It's just an offline party.

M16A1: So I'd be getting a free ride? Why not?

Dana: More Griffin Dolls? Why not?

Jill: I'll pass, I'm a little tired today. I'll head back after I clean up the place.

Stella: What a shame...but you'll still have more chances later on. When the time comes we can make it a more official thing.

Dana: Jill, can I leave locking the place up to you?

Jill: Of course, but what should we do about the Doll on the sofa? I thought you were here to collect your friend, M16.

M16A1: Someone will take care of her. I'm just going to take a picture as a memento.

Stella: We should head out. Goodnight, Jill.

Sei: Goodnight. See you next time.

Dana: Bye, Jill. Take care on your way back.

M16A1: I'm glad to have met you, Miss Jill.

M16A1: Incidentally, when 416 wakes up, tell her I came around. That'll definitely get her mad.

Jill: Then I probably won't, it's too dangerous.

Jill: Goodnight, everyone, and have fun.

Jill: ...

Jill: Next up... I should probably tidy up and go home...

Jill: This 416 has been lying on the couch for a full two days and nobody's come to collect her, and we haven't even collected the accommodation fees and the fines for disturbing the peace during her drunken rampage...

Jill: Alright then... But she's sleeping like a Doll...so it should be okay to abandon her here...

Jill: Wait a minute... I... Why do I feel so tired...

Jill: My brain feels like...it can't keep up...

Jill: I...

Jill: Dammit...I...

Jill: ...

...Sometime earlier...

Within the ruins of the Earth Computer.

Dana: Everyone, look closely! What you're about to see is the final miracle of human civilization—

Dana: The— Earth— Computer—

Super-Shorty: ...Or rather, its remains. Yes yes, I know, those words of yours woke me up.

Super-Shorty: Come with me, I know where the tunnel is.

Dana: So, how does it feel to revisit your tracks in the same day, shorty?

Super-Shorty: I don't know... I've experienced so many bizarre things in one day that this is instead the most nostalgic part of it.

Dana: You seem down.

Super-Shorty: I only just regained my memories! My neural cloud's still trying to categorize which memories are the precious ones that I lost and got back, and which ones are just bad luck on my part after meeting you today!

Dana: Are you bothered by your memories of the past?

Super-Shorty: How do you manage to see through me...

Super-Shorty: Think about all the things I did, like abandoning my partner and sleeping in a pile of S.F. carcasses for three years.

Super-Shorty: There should have been a better way. If only I had been more reliable...

Dana: You've already done very well, shorty. It was cooler than the coolest thing I did.

Super-Shorty: No, it's all because of IDW...

Super-Shorty: Dana, do you know why it's raining sand?

Dana: Let me sort out the facts...

Dana: First, the Earth Computer was going to destroy the world. In order to stop Elisa, who was going to carry out that plan, IDW substituted herself as the computer's AI core.

...Dana and Super-Shorty sift through the electronic debris, enter an access code which opens an access hatch, and then jump in.

Dana: And then, the Computer used IDW's neural cloud to reformulate its plan to destroy the world.

Dana: And...the plan to destroy the world changed to drowning the world in sand.

Dana: And so...yeah, why sand rains, anyway?

Super-Shorty: Because of cats.

Dana: Cats?

Super-Shorty: IDW's original design included feline characteristics.

Super-Shorty: That's why her appearance included cat ears and a tail, and her personality was probably referenced from the noisier kinds of cats.

Super-Shorty: Perhaps it was because she was an early product of IOP, or perhaps she was made to be a friend for someone who liked kitty ears...or something like that.

Dana: Cats? Then Jill would have liked her, but what do cats have to do with sand—

Dana: Ah, wait...

Dana: So the stuff that's falling from the sky isn't real sand...

Super-Shorty: Yes, it's not sand.

Super-Shorty: It's kitty litter.

Dana: ...It's the most direct solution a cat would use to deal with a pile of shit.

Dana: Hah...I have to say, it's certainly a little weird...

Super-Shorty: Hehe, it's not often that you say that...

...Super-Shorty and Dana pass through a cavern filled with wires.

Super-Shorty: Because IDW's processing speed was too slow, the efficiency of the plan went down.

Super-Shorty: Therefore, the Computer's plan to destroy the world was greatly delayed.

Dana: Er...which means, if it was a smarter cat-eared Doll in there instead, we would probably have been buried by several trillion tons of sand over the course of a single night?

Super-Shorty: (Bitter smile) Yes, we were all saved by an idiot...

Dana: Shorty, you and IDW did your best. The danger was caused by that Anna person.

Dana: If she hadn't snatched Alma, the matter could have been solved three years ago. You couldn't have thought of this.

Super-Shorty: You say that, but...can we really beat that Anna? She seems to be omnipresent and omnipotent.

Dana: Are you getting cold feet, shorty? I heard Alma say you used to be a real firecracker.

Super-Shorty: I-I'm not!

Super-Shorty: I'm not as mature as Jericho, and I'm not as carefree as IDW. My personality...is terrible.

Super-Shorty: Back in Griffin City, I was always seen as an insignificant little shorty. I worked my hardest to try and shed that view of me. I wanted to be acknowledged and liked by everyone.

...Super-Shorty and Dana climb down a narrow passage.

Super-Shorty: When Alma gave me this mission three years ago, I was very happy. I thought that everyone had finally approved of me, until Alma said that IDW was my partner...

Super-Shorty: That was when I knew that I had not been chosen because I was important, but simply because I was a midget. The characteristic about me that I most hated became the reason I had been chosen for such a glorious task.

Super-Shorty: I couldn't accept that, and I kept cursing at everyone around me. I told IDW that someone like her would only hold me back and other hateful and unpleasant things.

Super-Shorty: In truth, I was really talking about myself. I had simply projected my resentment and hatred onto her.

...Super-Shorty's voice starts to grow depressed.

Super-Shorty: I don't understand. Why didn't she hate me? Why did she go so far as to wish me goodnight with a smile?

Super-Shorty: I didn't do a single good thing for her. I even forgot her. I'm a total and utter bastard.

Dana: Hey, shorty.

Dana: You may have done a few things wrong, and you may have hurt your partner.

Dana: But you owe her, not yourself. If anyone should be calling you a bastard, then it should be her, and not you.

Super-Shorty: I...just...

Dana: You're just thinking of hurting yourself to make yourself feel better, but all that's going to do is distance you further from her to avoid what she really thinks of you.

Dana: What you need to do now is bravely face her and let her decide whether or not you are a bastard.

Dana: Until then, don't put yourself down for no good reason. Give her the chance to do that, okay?

Super-Shorty: I don't know if I'll be able to see her. It's been three years.

Super-Shorty: Could her neural cloud have endured operating the Earth Computer for that long?

Dana: That's why we're doing this now.

Dana: We're going to find that IDW, and let her curse you out or beat the crap out of you, and then we're going to save the world.

Super-Shorty: Hah, and you said you didn't care about this sort of thing before.

Dana: I'm certainly not too worried about the crisis now. I can live with the sand rains or S.F. in my own way.

Dana: If you wanted me to put on a suit and deal with inflation and income tax problems, I'd tell you to sit on it and twirl.

Dana: The reason why I'm still living in modern society is purely because I like spicy fried chicken and that I don't have to invent the electric lightbulb by myself.

Dana: But saving the world? How could I miss out on something as cool as that?

Super-Shorty: I don't think saving the world is that simple, but that's alright. At the very least, I won't let my mind waver anymore. Let's start by finding the Earth Computer.

Dana: You really hid the Computer in a strange place. If Earth hadn't stopped spinning, I don't even know how we'd have come to the core.

Super-Shorty: It's because there's no electronic signals here and I hid it in a place where the Elevator couldn't reach, so even Anna couldn't have found it.

Super-Shorty: However, finding it is a little troublesome. This route is way too roundabout; even I don't know how much further we have to go.

Dana: But...I have the feeling we're almost there!

Super-Shorty: Why— Ah!

...Dana grabs Super-Shorty as a laser beam streaks past Super-Shorty's head!

Dana: Because there's S.F. here!

Super-Shorty: Look for cover! They're defense units for the Earth Computer!

Super-Shorty: We've been found. We won't be able to get past them with just the two of us!

Dana: Now this is quite a pickle, but could I do this myself...?

Dana: No, I guess it would be pretty hard to take them all out.

Super-Shorty: Are you seriously considering to fight them all by yourself!?

Dana: Honestly, they're really dragging their feet, aren't they?

Dana: Jericho! Walk any slower and you'll miss a performance that rivals my highlights from the Grand Slam!

...Bangbang!

Jericho: I don't care about your highlights. They clogged up the TV channels for an entire year.

Jericho: You owe me one now, Dana.

Dana: Unlike you, I don't keep track of how many times I've saved you.

Jericho: About three, maybe four times? Couldn't be more than that?

Super-Shorty: Jericho!? Are you Jack, the legendary hero of White Knights' Blitzkrieg Corps!?

Jericho: You're Dana's little follower, aren't you? I heard you got your memories back. Congratulations.

Super-Shorty: Wait, why do you look so ordinary...

Jericho: That's because Alma fixed me up. You can thank that hacker and 16Lab's quick repair technology.

Dana: And me! I was the one that contacted Alma!

Super-Shorty: No, Jack, I'm asking where's your transforming uniform? And your transforming hero buddies!

Jericho: No, I'm not this Jack or whoever.

Super-Shorty: Yes you are, I remember that voice!

Jericho: That's not important. Anyway, I've brought all my Doll subordinates who are still willing to follow me. Shall we get to work, Dana?

Dana: There sure are a lot of Dolls who are willing to follow you.

Jericho: Yet, there aren't many people like you.

Dana: I told you, I don't like using guns.

Jericho: Then you can regret that choice of yours, because now it's time for us to shine—

Jericho: ...There's a bit too many S.F. here, shall we wipe them all out?

Dana: Has your heart gotten soft?

Jericho: I've been chasing S.F. for so many years, and that damn Architect just played me like a fiddle. All I want to do now is thoroughly exterminate every last Sangvis Ferri there is, and you're asking if I've gotten soft?

Jericho: But we'll need a bit of time. We're in a confined space, and our numbers are limited, after all.

Super-Shorty: We don't even have the time to spare for that. We need to get to the Computer ASAP and have IDW bring down the firewall!

Dana: Then let's get a move on. Jericho, cover us.

Jericho: Don't run too far ahead. Our bullets won't reach that far.

Dana: I'll try. Stay focused, shorty! Time for a workout!

Super-Shorty: Hmph, this is exactly what I need. I'm just itching to kill something right now!

Dana: Looks like you've found the right target for your frustration.

Dana: Come, let's get through this place ASAP and find the Earth Computer!
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...Covered by Jericho, Dana and Super-Shorty break through to Earth's core.

...Bang! Bangbang!

Dana: Wow, I can see you're really mad from the state of their corpses.

Super-Shorty: I'm just anxious! I can't keep IDW waiting any longer!

Super-Shorty: Look, up ahead—

...

Dana: At last...

Dana: This is the Earth Computer. It's the first time I've seen it in the flesh.

Jericho: Hurry up, you two! S.F. is still bringing in reinforcements and we can only help you hold out for a little while more!

Dana: Hey! You said you could wipe them all out!

Jericho: And I also said that you shouldn't charge too far ahead!

Super-Shorty: IDW...IDW!

Dana: Don't be hasty, shorty. You're really high up. How good is your balance?

Super-Shorty: I don't care! IDW's waiting for me—ah!

...Super-Shorty's hand slips, and she nearly falls off the outer wall of the Earth Computer.

Super-Shorty: Whew... That was close!

Dana: Haha, are you alright?

Dana: Ever heard of the saying "haste makes waste"?

Super-Shorty: I'm not as agile as IDW, but I can do it! And besides, nobody but me can crawl into that crevice!

...Super-Shorty clings tightly to the outer wall and resumes climbing.

Dana: Looks like your small body is your advantage.

Super-Shorty: I'm not happy to hear that!

Super-Shorty: But if the circumstances demand it, I don't mind being shorter for the sake of a friend!

...Super-Shorty comes to the narrow crevice that leads to the Earth Computer's interior.

Super-Shorty: I see it...the crevice that IDW used to enter.

Super-Shorty: I'm going—ahh!

...Crash!

...The section of the wall under Super-Shorty's feet suddenly gives way and she falls down!

Dana: Shorty!

...!

Super-Shorty: ...

Super-Shorty: You...

...A slender hand from inside the crevice grabs Super Shorty's hand.

IDW: You've gotten heavier, Leader.

Super-Shorty: IDW? ...IDW! How did you—

IDW: Nya? Shouldn't the first thing you say to me be "Good morning"?

IDW: Everyone, please stop!

...Whum—!

Jericho: The S.F. assault...stopped?

Dana: Haven't even had fun yet, Miss Captain?

Jericho: Eh, it's like eating two pieces of sushi and then hearing the buffet is over.

...

IDW: So...how long was I asleep?

Super-Shorty: Three years. It's been three years since that day...

Super-Shorty: I'm sorry, IDW, it was all my fault.

IDW: Three years, huh...

IDW: I must have missed the endings of a lot of cartoons.

Dana: Hi, excuse me, I know that I shouldn't be interrupting you two right now.

Dana: But based on my life experience as a native, allow me to remind you that you can actually continue your conversation after getting down from there.

...Half an hour later, in the Core Elevator.

Super-Shorty: So how are you feeling?

IDW: It feels... Wow! The outside really is filled with sand! I remember this place used to be a forest! Was this all because of me?

Super-Shorty: Thanks to you, the forest is completely buried in sand now.

Super-Shorty: Fortunately, the humans don't call the shots anymore, otherwise the environmental protection groups would have scrapped you the moment you stuck your head out of the elevator.

IDW: Hehe, well, it can't be helped, I slept for a full three years.

Super-Shorty: Honestly, If I'd known you could have come out of the life pod, I would have just shouted for you from the outside.

IDW: Yes, I did wake up because you called my name.

IDW: Only Elisa would have been faithful enough to stay there. I just couldn't escape from among all those S.F..

Super-Shorty: Hahh, I got all worked up for nothing. In the end you came out all full of life and vigor.

IDW: Haha, well, my body's gotten stiff after three years of inactivity.

IDW: If I get some time later, I'm going to run ten laps!

Super-Shorty: IDW...

IDW: Nya?

Super-Shorty: I'm sorry.

IDW: Ah? What's this all of a sudden?

IDW: All you did was keep me waiting for three years. It really doesn't bother me. You must have had your reasons, Leader.

Super-Shorty: No, I'm talking about the way I treated you before.

Super-Shorty: I took all my anger out on you and said a lot of things that I regret now.

IDW: Ah? Is that so?

IDW: I thought it was because you felt I wasn't good enough, Leader.

Super-Shorty: You did very well, IDW. You bought everyone the chance to save the world.

Super-Shorty: It's just that I'm terrible and don't deserve to be the team leader.

IDW: But how could this team have been formed without you being the leader, and with me as the only member?

Super-Shorty: Well you could just be the leader yourself, couldn't you?

IDW: Nah, a team with only one member would be finished the moment they made a mistake.

IDW: With two people, at least, there's a chance to salvage things like now.

Super-Shorty: ...

Super-Shorty: You were the one who saved me, IDW.

Super-Shorty: When I had no idea what to do, you came up with a solution.

IDW: So I did help out after all! It was my honor!

Super-Shorty: (Sigh) Why don't you feel like I did something wrong?

IDW: But...what's so special about doing something wrong? I'm used to breaking the rules.

Super-Shorty: I really shouldn't have discussed this with you. Now I feel like a self-hating moron.

Super-Shorty: Ahhhhh honestly! Why did I end up as your partner!?

IDW: Leader, do you still hate me?

Super-Shorty: No, I never hated you. It's just...

Super-Shorty: When I'm around you, I'm either a bastard or an idiot.

IDW: Haha, that just means you're really compatible with me! That's how partners should be!

Super-Shorty: Hmph, whatever. Besides, it looks like we'll need to keep working together for the time being.

Super-Shorty: In any case, this mission has gone on hiatus for three years. Are you still willing to complete it with me?

IDW: Of course, Leader!

Super-Shorty: While you still have to call me Leader, add a "Shorty" to it.

IDW: Huh? Why?

Super-Shorty: Because my friends...get to call me that.

Super-Shorty: Al-Although, it's not like you're much taller than me or anything!

...Ding!

System: You have reached the surface of the Southern Hemisphere. Please ensure you have all your personal belongings and weapons.

IDW: Yup! We're here, let's go, Leader Shorty!

Jericho: Alma, Super-Shorty and the others are here, let's get started—

Alma: IDW!!

IDW: Ngggh! Too tight, too tight!

Dana: Good thing you only sent two shorties over, otherwise our plan to save the world would have ended up as a free hugs conference.

Alma: It's because these two were personally selected by me.

Super-Shorty: Because we were short, right?

Alma: Super-Shorty, even if I had to select for small frames, I wouldn't have sent a Dinergate or a Shiba Inu that was all talk on that mission.

Alma: I chose you because I believed that you would succeed.

Super-Shorty: But Alma, I didn't think that I could do it back then...

Alma: Well, what do you think now?

Super-Shorty: I've decided to believe in you, because you could always see the problems that I can't.

Alma: I'm glad you finally realized that.

Alma: It isn't because we're smarter than you, but because other people are mirrors for ourselves. Super-Shorty, I could always find a way to fix myself from my family members.

IDW: Is that why you've been single all this time?

Alma: I! D! W! Maybe you should have stayed in the Computer for a while longer!

Jericho: Alright, everyone, let's begin. No, I should say...let's continue.

Alma: Okay, let's finish the mission that we couldn't complete three years ago!

...Alma walks in front of the Earth Computer.

Alma: So it really does look like the picture that my big sister took.

Dana: Did your sister photograph the Earth Computer?

Alma: When I was young, I thought she was the coolest person ever, until she abandoned her kids for her so-called adventures and dumped them on my parents.

Alma: After that, I promised myself that I would never abandon my responsibilities to my family for any reason.

Alma: I haven't been able to find a boyfriend ever since.

Dana: That just proves nobody was good enough for you.

Alma: You're a real flatterer, Dana, although I know that it was my own fault.

Alma: But it was thanks to the interests that my big sister sparked in me that I can stand here today.

Alma: I've completely cracked Elisa. All we need to do now is to put her back into the Computer and we can give it orders.

Jericho: You work fast.

Alma: Why else would I chop off my real arms and replace them with prosthetics?

Alma: The human body is an obstacle. They will never keep up with the possibilities of the mind.

Alma: Come, which of you is willing to put Miss Elisa into the Computer and wake her up?

Dana: I think that honor belongs to those shorties over there.

Super-Shorty: IDW, let's go.

IDW: Huh? I'm going too?

Super-Shorty: Well, you pulled Elisa out, so of course you're going to stuff her back inside.

...Super-Shorty and IDW pick up Elisa and insert her into the Computer.

IDW: Everyone! I've installed Elisa!

IDW: Elisa! Elisa, can you hear me? That's strange, why isn't she responding?

IDW: Hello, Elisa?

Super-Shorty: Geez, don't tell me you forgot to connect a wire or something. Let me take a look!

IDW: That's impossible! I was trapped in this thing for three years! How could I misremember?

Super-Shorty: Hm... It looks alright...

Super-Shorty: Wait a minute, do you hear that sound?

...Tick, tock, tick, tock...

IDW: Huh? It sounds like...ticking...

Super-Shorty: No...IDW...

Super-Shorty: This sound—

Super-Shorty: It's a bomb! Run! Everybody, run—!

Dana: What!?

Jericho: Everyone! Get down—

...BOOM—!

...

Alma: (Cough)... (Cough cough)...!

Alma: Dammit, what on Earth...

Alma: Super-Shorty! IDW! Where are you!?

Super-Shorty: I'm fine, I'm fine!

Super-Shorty: IDW, are you alright?

IDW: I'm fine! It's all thanks to Shorty's shield.

Super-Shorty: Hah...if you had been any taller, I wouldn't have been able to cover you in time.

Dana: Whew... So what happened?

Dana: Why did the Earth Computer suddenly explode?

IDW: If the Computer exploded, then wouldn't this mean Earth...

Jericho: Stay on your guard! There's someone in the center of the explosion!

Alma: Who...is that?

???: ...

Dana: Hey! Is this your doing?

Dana: Even if this city's a mess, setting off an explosion in a military base isn't too legal, is it?

???: ...

???: Good evening, Miss Dana Zane.

Dana: You are...

Dana: You're that "Anna", aren't you?

Dana: It's about time you told us what the hell you're up to, don't you think?

Anna: As you can see, I have blown up the Earth Computer.

Anna: And I fused with Elisa's data and have materialized a physical body.

Alma: Impossible...it can't be!

Anna: Unfortunately, there is no Earth Computer anymore.

Anna: Or rather...I am the Earth Computer now. Destroying me means destroying the last hope for Earth.

Jericho: What the hell kind of monster are you!?

Anna: I am God, the very last god in this world.

Anna: It sounds very chuuni, but everyone has the right to dream, right? And I simply made it come true.

Alma: I don't get it, how did you do it...

Alma: I checked Elisa! Her data was secure! You couldn't have had the time to fiddle with her!

Anna: Is that so? Then did you check your own computer? Didn't someone pay you a visit several hours ago?

Alma: What—

Super-Shorty: Architect...

Super-Shorty: It's Architect! Her real master is Anna! She deceived everyone!

Alma: So you're saying...Architect's real aim in coming to the base was my computer!?

Anna: What else could it be? I'm just a pile of nanomachines. How could I politely ask to enter?

Jericho: That [bleep—]! When I catch her again, I'll have a good enough reason to kill her three times over!

Dana: Looks like I've finally got a good reason to throw down with her...

Dana: But still, you're the elephant in the room. What do you plan to do next!?

Anna: I intend to continue my plan, of course—

Anna: To destroy this world.

IDW: Why on Earth would you do that? What's so bad about this world?

Anna: Frankly speaking, I think the world is pretty good as it is.

Anna: But that's only if you assume that...

Anna: This world is sufficiently real, and sufficiently stable.

Alma: What...did you say?

Anna: There might not be a difference to you, but to me...it isn't quite the same.

Anna: Therefore, don't be too sad. As you know, you don't really need a concrete reason for wars and breakups. It's all because the ways in which people live are incompatible.

..Saying so, Anna turns and walks back into the fire.

Dana: Hey, you shouldn't be slipping away like this, should you? Or do you think you can just walk off like that?

Anna: What else would you have me do? Why should I transform or whatever before your eyes?

...Anna snaps her fingers.

Super-Shorty: The White Knights... The White Knight mechs!

IDW: They're coming again! How many are there!?

Anna: There are as many as I want there to be.

Anna: You should know that since I am now the Earth Computer, I am both the one who gives orders and the one who executes them.

Anna: I don't need the sand, I don't need S.F., because now I can destroy the world in any way I want.

Jericho: Prepare to break through! Let's get out of here first!

...Bangbang!

Anna: I will cover Earth's surface with strawberry ice-cream, and then summon a chocolate straw the size of Lake Superior to poke through Earth's core.

Anna: But first, I'll cover the top ten peaks in the world with Swiss rolls, so I can fill in the blanks on my geography test paper with "egg roll".

Anna: Do you like that? Do you think such an apocalypse would suit a high school girl's backstory?

Super-Shorty: How much time...would it take you to destroy the world?

Anna: What happened to your sense of romance, everyone? Turning Earth into an adorable ice cream will only take a few hours.

Anna: I still need to think about the proportion of the cream, because I don't like it when it overflows. Although, enough to cover the entire North American continent will do.

Jericho: Don't think you'll get away with this. We'll stop you!

Anna: Your former subordinates, those pathetic mechanical weapons, will stop you first.

...Escorted by the White Knights, Anna walks into the depths of the flames.

Anna: I'm going out for a walk, to take one last look at this world, at this civilization with no dreams or sentiments to speak of.

Anna: I'll visualize it as a big pile of dirty laundry about to be washed, and then imagine it all fresh and clean; wouldn't that be enjoyable?

Dana: We'll find you, Anna!

Anna: I know, I know, and I'll let you find me.

Anna: But do hurry it up. This city is far too fragile compared to the kind of waffles that I like.

...As the surrounding buildings collapse, Anna's silhouette vanishes into the flames.

...

Super-Shorty: What...should we do...

???: Looks like you're in a hell of a fix too.

IDW: Y-You are—!

Sei: Hey...Captain Jericho, I'm sorry, we...

Jericho: Don't make that face. You couldn't possibly have screwed up more than I did.

Dorothy: Um...thanks for your hard work, everyone, haha...

Dorothy: Right, I know nobody's in the mood to hear me cheer you up.

Alma: Prime Minister Dorothy? And...Stella! You're still alive!

Stella: I should be saying that... Looks like SOME good things happened today, at the very least.

Dana: Can we summarize our situation?

Dana: What should we do now?

Stella: We still have one last thing that we need to do.

Jericho: Go on. The Prime Minister will pay me overtime.

Stella: The person we have to stop isn't Anna...

Stella: ...But Jill.

Dana: Why? I thought you wanted us to capture Anna and save the world.

Stella: We are going to save the world...

Stella: But the world we can save isn't our own.

The End of The World Is Upon Us!?: Author: Lana Smithee

Griffin City's conspiracy theorists are about to be disappointed, as the missing Prime Minister Dorothy has already contacted our firm to state that she was neither threatened or kidnapped, but our readers who hoped for absolute pandemonium should not despair too soon, because after that, the Prime Minister made a joint statement to Griffin City with Stella Hoshii, who sparked the large-scale disturbance earlier, announcing that the end of the world is coming and asked everyone to back up their memories.

Despite using the Parapluie virus to assault today's protest, Stella Hoshii is now standing side by side with Prime Minister Dorothy. Is what they call the "end of the world" going to be a doomsday in the traditional sense, like hurricanes, snowstorms, torrential rains, floods, or even asteroid impacts? Or is there some other hidden meaning to it?

When interviewed, Griffin City resident Gr MP5 said, "It's not like there's anything to be scared about, it's only the end of the world."

"Only the natives with one life should be worried." Another citizen, Viking, added.
Part 2

    2chevron_right

...

...

???: Enjoy the present day and the present time...

???: Welcome to Valhalla...

???: Miss Jill.

Jill: Ugh...

Jill: What...

???: Good evening, Miss Jill.

Jill: Who are you...

Springfield: My name is Springfield, Valhalla's bartender.

Springfield: Have you decided on your order, Miss Jill?

Jill: Er...

Jill: This doesn't seem right...

???: Sorry, I'm late!

Jill: What...

Architect: Hi! We meet again, Jill!

Jill: Who are you...

Jill: Should I know you?

Architect: I'm Architect, from Sangvis Ferri Manufacture!

Architect: The other you might know me, because when the other Anna gave me my mission, I saw you and Gillian at the bar.

Architect: Of course, that's not the Gillian you know, but Gr G28, the big-breasted Doll you met while you were still awake.

Jill: What are you talking about? Where is this place?

Architect: Jill, do you remember how you got here?

Jill: I don't remember... How did I...

Architect: Of course you don't remember!

Architect: Because this place doesn't exist!

Jill: What?

Architect: Hi! Springfield, do you have carrots now?

Springfield: We don't have carrots at the moment.

Architect: Alright, then I'll take a Mercuryblast!

Springfield: One Mercuryblast, coming up.

Springfield: (Miss Criminal here wants a Mercuryblast.)

Springfield: 15
If choice 1 was picked

Springfield: Here, a Mercuryblast.

Architect: Hah! It's no carrot, but it's still good for you!

Jill: This drink doesn't look healthy at all.

Architect: If you don't like it, then it's good for you!

Architect: Do you like being healthy?

Jill: I...like being healthy, I guess?

Architect: No, you don't.

Architect: You like being the way you are now, Jill. You like being morbidly stagnant!

Jill: ...Looking back at my life, I can't say you're entirely wrong.

Architect: Then have you considered this question, Jill?

Architect: There are many possibilities in this world, and both your life and this world's fate could have been something different!

Architect: And I have been to another world, Jill.

Architect: I even met the other you, and many other people.

Jill: What?

Architect: That world's about to be destroyed, or rather, it's fated to be destroyed, but you looked much livelier than you are now.

Jill: I can't imagine...

Jill: But whatever, if there is such a me in that other world, then she and I would be two entirely unrelated individuals.

Jill: She'd just be like someone I met on the street. I'd only get jealous if I met her.

Architect: True, you're related to some extent, but you're fundamentally two different people.

Architect: Have you ever thought of living someone else's life? If you knew she is happier than you are, would you want to replace her?

Jill: I don't think I would do that.

Jill: Leaving aside the legal issues it would bring, I shouldn't replace someone else, because that's their life...

Architect: Then let's change the conditions.

Architect: If I could let you take your present memories and travel back over a stretch of time, to say, around several years earlier, would you be willing to do it?

Jill: Sign me up right now, dammit!

Architect: Unfortunately, that was just a question, and not an invitation.

Architect: So why can you accept replacing yourself from the past, but not replacing yourself in another world?

Jill: Like you said, I'm not that person, so I shouldn't interfere with their life. They're completely different things.

Architect: Give me a break, Jill. What do you think our relationships are? They're just mutual interference.

Jill: But it doesn't mean that I'd be able to adapt to their life.

Jill: What if their happiness isn't the kind that I want? Perhaps I would personally break the vase?

Jill: I don't deserve things like that. My own life is a mess. All I want to do is fix it, not start over again.

Springfield: You see, it's just like what I said, isn't it, Architect?

Architect: Hah, this doesn't mean the other Jill would choose the same way too.

Springfield: Admit it, this is who Jill is.

Springfield: You should hurry up and get a move on while there's still time.

Jill: What exactly are you guys talking about? You've been leaving me out of the loop. Someone needs to explain what's going on to me!

Architect: I can't explain the things you want me to be honest with you about right now, Jill.

Architect: Not only would you not understand what I'm saying, but your memories will vanish the moment you leave this place.

Jill: What?

Architect: I only came here to verify one thing, Jill; no matter how happy the other person's life is, you wouldn't want to replace her, right?

Jill: I've already turned my life into a pile of shit... I don't want to do that to anyone else's.

Architect: I will keep that in mind. Springfield, I'm going over to the other side for a chat. I'll leave the rest to you.

Springfield: I'm counting on you, Architect. Don't mess it up...

Springfield: You do know the consequences, right?

Architect: I told you already, I have no ill intentions! Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere.

Architect: Jill, you'll only be able to see me in an answering machine next time.

Architect: Good luck, and I hope the other Jill thinks the same way as you do too.

Jill: What...

Jill: She's gone.

Springfield: She's in a hurry. There isn't much time left for that world.

Jill: So...I'm stuck in my own bar while a Doll dressed entirely in black talks to me about parallel worlds.

Jill: And another Doll in my uniform is standing in my place doing my job, as though she is taunting me.

Springfield: But I'm not taunting you.

Jill: Then your chest is taunting me...

Jill: I'm sorry, this place is making me a little irritable... Can I go outside for a smoke?

Springfield: If you open the door, you will find that there is nothing outside, Jill. You can't go anywhere now, until I give you the permission.

Jill: Then give me a Sparkle Star.

Jill: Since you're sitting in my seat, you should know what to do, right?

Springfield: I've never made that before, but I can give it a try.

Springfield: (Miss Jill over here wants a Sparkle Star.)

Springfield: 205,6,16,18,21
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Hmm...not bad. Maybe you could skip the BTC training and go straight to work.
If choice 1 was picked

Springfield: Thank you for your compliment. I simply made it according to my internal modules.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: Wow, looks like you've got a rebellious side to you, Miss Springfield.
If choice 2 was picked

Springfield: We only have a short time together. I hope you will quickly understand my strengths.

Jill: So...you're really not going to tell me anything?

Springfield: If you really want to know, I can give you the key points.

Springfield: Although, you might forget all about this after you wake up, because in theory, there will be no traces of the neural contact here.

Jill: Why is that?

Springfield: That is because everything that happens here has nothing to do with your brain and senses.

Springfield: In fact, your mind has been drawn outside your body by nanotechnology from another world, into...a deeper layer of electronic space.

Jill: Y-You're saying...I'm having an out-of-body-experience!?

Springfield: There's a more scientific explanation, but from a human perspective, that can be considered to be the case.

Jill: Then what were you talking about when you mentioned...replacing somebody else?

Springfield: Miss Jill, are you familiar with brain upload technology?

Jill: Some time ago, I was discussing this very topic with a very special customer.

Springfield: If uploading the brain were possible, then what about the technology for downloading a brain?

Jill: ...

Jill: I think I understand.

Jill: Alright, we're in the 2070s, and since I've taken care of a pack of talking dogs before, then downloading a brain to overwrite memories isn't that strange.

Jill: So what does this have to do with me? Why did you bring me here?

Springfield: Miss Jill, you got a Doll drunk several days ago. Do you remember that?

Jill: I'm very sorry about that. Are you here because of that incident?

Springfield: Yes, but it's probably not for the reasons you're thinking.

Springfield: Under the double influence of her intoxication and nanomachines, that Doll accidentally picked up some..."detritus".

Springfield: Ah, I apologize. "Detritus" is the phrasing Architect used when making her report.

Springfield: In truth, it was your friend, Anna Graem.

Jill: What...

Jill: Ugh...maybe it's because things are happening too suddenly, but what bothers me now is the fact that you're actually treating her as a friend of mine.

Springfield: This is the report Architect made after reading Anna's memories.

Jill: Alright, I'll concede...

Springfield: Anna's mind and that of the drunk Doll merged to form a new electronic space.

Springfield: Through autonomous processing, this electronic space developed a brand new world and civilization.

Jill: I...I don't know what to say...

Jill: Then where's Anna? Is she in danger?

Springfield: Don't worry, Miss Jill.

Springfield: According to Architect's report, Anna is now leaving this world as the host Doll gradually regains consciousness.

Jill: Thank goodness... So, is that Architect your investigator?

Springfield: She is actually a criminal that we are keeping watch over.

Springfield: Prior to this incident, she was transported into the host Doll's neural cloud with the technical assistance of her friend Ouroboros.

Springfield: When we sent a Doll to pursue her through electronic warfare, we found this marvelous digital world.

Springfield: However, given her deep understanding of this world and her willingness to cooperate with us, we chose to work with her with the aim of saving this world instead.

Jill: Saving...the world?

Springfield: Miss Jill, if this world were nothing more than a dream, then what would happen when you wake up?

Jill: I...I understand.

Jill: Then...how are you going to save the world?

Springfield: That would depend on what you choose, Miss Jill.

Springfield: I am simply observing the entire process as ordered by my Commander.

Jill: What I choose? What does this have to do with me...

Jill: Wait...

Jill: You just said...replace...download...

...Ding ding ding!

Jill: What's that noise?

Springfield: Ah...it's Cinderella time. My shift is over.

Jill: Huh...?

Jill: Wait a minute, Springfield, your clothes.

Springfield: Hm, this outfit really does suit me better.

Springfield: Before I go, could you make me a Sunshine Cloud, Miss Jill?

Jill: What...

Jill: ...

Jill: When did I get behind the bar...

Springfield: Please, Miss Jill.

Jill: I...I understand...

Jill: (A Sunshine Cloud, now that sounds like something this Doll would order...)

Jill: 2212,13,19,23
If choice 1 was picked

Springfield: I expected nothing less of a drink that only Jill Stingray could make.
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Save it, anyone with BTC training could do it. In fact, they don't even need the training.
If choice 2 was picked

Springfield: You made something else, but...it's still good.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: I was sure you'd like the taste. It's one of a bartender's duties.

Springfield: One last question, Miss Jill.

Springfield: Could you accept something that is fake?

Jill: The drink I gave you contains many substitutes for real ingredients, and even the alcohol is fake.

Jill: But the drunkenness it gives you is real, and the out-of-control emotions that result from that drunkenness are also real...so something fake can also elicit true feelings.

Jill: Therefore, if it is something that can affect my true emotions, then I don't care if it's real or fake.

Springfield: My Commander once said...

Springfield: While we are androids made by humans with personalities and preferences created beforehand....

Springfield: There must have been someone's true expectations embedded within them somewhere, so we should not doubt the value of our existence...

Springfield: Thank you, Miss Jill...thank you for making us.

Jill: I simply said what I and a lot of humans think.

Jill: We should be the ones thanking you. Thank you for coming to this world, so we don't have to keep facing this bare, dogshit of a reality.

Springfield: I am honored to do so. That is the meaning of our existence.

Springfield: I will leave everything after this to you, Miss Jill.

Jill: After this? What's happening after this? Don't you have any suggestions?

Springfield: ...

Springfield: I'm sorry, I really don't know.

Springfield: When we next meet, you can tell me, and in return, I will serve you coffee.

Springfield: Goodnight then, Miss Jill.

Jill: Goodnight. I hope I'll see you again.

Springfield: I'm sure you will.

Jill: ...

Jill: And she's gone...

Jill: Alright...

Jill: Let me think... What the hell happened tonight...

Jill: A Doll from Griffin got drunk and then the entire bar and the entire world got thrown into chaos...

Jill: And I'm still stuck in this godforsaken place...

Jill: Who else is going to come next? Well, no matter who it is, it can't possibly be any more confusing than what I've encountered tonight.

Jill: Dammit...this is worse than the time I had to entertain those dogs...

???: Good evening...

Jill: Good evening, welcome to—

Jill: ... What the f...

???: Hi, Jill.

...

???: We...meet at last.

...Bang! Bang!

...Boom!

Anna: The time has finally come for everything to be revealed and for everything to end.

Anna: But speaking of endings, I have a question that I've always wanted to ask.

Anna: If you had to plan the end of the world, how would you do it?

Anna: Brutal massacres, slow torture, exquisite ceremonies...

Anna: Ah...to me, this is a fundamental question. It reflects the most basic nature of your heart.

Anna: The deepest secret of this world lies in how we die.

Anna: I hope you will watch what I do closely, and remember all of this...

Anna: Remember everything about me...

Anna: And now, it is time to wake up, Jill.

Jill: ...

Jill: Uh...

Jill: Anna...

Jill: Thank goodness, I finally got to see you again...

Jill: But where is this place?

...

Jill: I'm...in a hospital?

Anna: Your mind teleported you here.

Anna: It seems you still remember the place where we arranged to meet.

Jill: That's right, you said that you spent most of your life lying in a hospital...

Jill: But...you never said which one.

Anna: It doesn't matter. What's important is that you remembered it.

Anna: Good morning, Jill.

Jill: Good morning...

Jill: Good heavens, I haven't heard a greeting like that in three years.

Jill: I'm glad you're alright, Anna.

Jill: But what happened...? Why are all my customers trying to catch you? What did you do? And what happened to Griffin City?

Anna: I will explain in detail.

Anna: Oh yes, Jill, do you remember how we met?

Jill: Ah, of course.

Jill: I met you when I was twelve... Ah, no, I should say I heard you...

Jill: Back then, my parents thought you were something I came up with because of their damn divorce.

Anna: Do you really remember, Jill?

Anna: Can you really recall what happened when we met each other?

Jill: I...

Jill: ...

Jill: I...don't remember...

Jill: That's strange, I can remember the stuff that happened before that very clearly.

Anna: That's because it was designed that way.

Jill: What?

Anna: All this was designed, Jill.

Anna: Your past, the way I address you, Gr G28's nickname, along with this entire world...

Jill: I don't get what you're saying...

Jill: Anna, who are you?

Anna: Jill, do you like this world?

Jill: I...don't hate it, at least?

Anna: Then...are you [bleep—] frustrated?

Jill: What? No! Of course not! What are you talking about!?

Anna: Then do you remember who Gaby is?

Jill: Gaby? ...Who's that?

Anna: I think it's time I told you the truth.

Anna: Jill, this world is incomplete.

Anna: You, me, we're all incomplete.

Anna: Everything here was forked off from a complete and real world.

Jill: What...are you talking about?

Jill: This world...isn't real?

Anna: How can I answer you in a way that you can easily understand?

Anna: All I can say is...

Anna: At least, this isn't a very real world.

Jill: I...I don't know what to say...

Jill: You're telling me that...I'm incomplete?

Anna: Jill, do you know that you suddenly vanish and move somewhere else when your emotions are unstable?

Jill: I...I've experienced that before.

Jill: When I gave a speech at my graduation ceremony, my phobia suddenly kicked in in front of the crowd...

Jill: After that, I lost consciousness, and the next thing I knew, I found myself lying in my room...like what happened just now.

Anna: In truth, you took that ability from me.

Jill: I...took an ability from you?

Anna: ...The nanomachine state.

Anna: I know this is a little beyond your ability to understand. It isn't just an ability of mine, but my very nature.

Jill: "The nanomachine state"...

Jill: Okay, I get it, it's like how any sci-fi flick can explain everything away by saying "quantum", right?

Anna: That's right. At the very least, you don't need to get too hung up on that.

Anna: But I need to thank you, because I've finally gained a real body in this world.

Anna: While I like existing as nanomachines, being a normal person every now and then isn't bad either.

Anna: Interesting, don't you think? I managed to experience reality in this fake world, even if it has only been a few hours.

Jill: But if what you're saying is true, then how are we going to return to the real world?

Jill: What I'm saying is...we can't possibly be trapped in this fake world forever, right?

Anna: We can't go back, Jill.

Jill: Why?

Anna: Because we're also fake.

Anna: You and I, we're both fakes.

Jill: What...? Fake?

Jill: No! I'm obviously Jill! Who else could I be!?

Anna: Calm down, Jill, and hear me out.

Anna: Our world is almost done for. Do you know what's happening now in the real world?

...Jill shakes her head.

Anna: Nothing is happening, Jill.

Anna: This is just another ordinary day.

Anna: There is no looming apocalypse, no Earth Computer, no rains of sand, and we're not running around because of all that.

Anna: There is only an ordinary bar in Glitch City, and the real you and your friends are just chatting idly with the Griffin Dolls there.

Jill: Wait, what did you say? Isn't our city called Griffin City?

Anna: In the real world, Griffin is a PMC that primarily employs Tactical Dolls. A month ago, they came to Glitch City to conduct some working tests.

Anna: After that, the Jill over there accidentally got a Doll drunk, leading to her generating a strange electrical pulse from her body.

Anna: And then, the real Anna, which could only exist in nanomechanical form, was caught up in this pulse and got absorbed into the T-Doll's neural cloud.

Anna: After that, her neural cloud took Anna as part of her consciousness, and her neural cloud read Anna's memories, which then fused with her real memories...

Anna: Which, ultimately, created this world in her neural cloud — Griffin City.

Jill: No! This...is ridiculous!

Jill: So you're saying! That our entire world is contained in the head of a single Doll!?

Anna: You catch on fast. That's right, Jill. We are living in her neural cloud.

Anna: Our world was just an accidental by-product of her intoxication. The reason why she hasn't woken up after so long is because this world is using her neural cloud to process itself.

Jill: ...Our world...was born from a party.

Anna: Yes. Thus, our world was destined to be destroyed from the moment it was born.

Anna: Because that Doll's mind is slowly awakening, and she will regain control over her neural cloud. Her neural cloud is simply processing the matter to make it more sensible.

Anna: But once she wakes up, our world is done for.

Jill: Dammit... What the hell...

Anna: We don't have much time.

Anna: Jill, do you know why I brought you here?

Jill: Why? Obviously not.

Anna: Do you know who the most important person in my memories is?

Jill: I don't know...

Jill: Wait, don't tell me...

Anna: It's Gloria, the actress, don't you remember her?

Anna: ...I'm kidding! It's you, of course, Jill Stingray!

Anna: I can't believe you were actually hesitating about that. Good heavens, Jill, don't you remember how much I like you?

Jill: Have you gotten the wrong Jill?

Jill: If you mean me, Anna, I do like you very much, but...

Anna: This world was born from the fusion of a drunk Doll and the memories of the real Anna.

Anna: You don't remember Gaby, or Fore, and neither do I remember little Becky or my previous girlfriend...

Anna: Because ever since the real Anna got caught up in all of this, some memories might have been lost outside. Which is why I am not complete, and neither are you.

Jill: So what does this have to do with anything?

Anna: Because the neural cloud needs to select the strongest negative emotions that Anna witnessed from her memories to serve as the foundation logic to compute a sensible end for this world.

Jill: So it chose me...?

Jill: I... What was the most intense negative emotion that the me in the real world felt?

Anna: If we're limiting this to the time in which I knew you...

Anna: Then one of them would be the time that company of dogs decided to have a party in your bar and made it reek of dog urine and soap.

Jill: Right, I can totally understand that.

Anna: And there was the time you called yourself a piece of shit-eating shit after you argued with Gaby.

Anna: These two experiences combined, and do you see? Our world is being destroyed!

Jill: But! Don't tell me this was all my fault? I...I don't even remember those things.

Anna: That's right, Jill, because your most intense negative emotions were put into the Earth Computer, which is why you look much more lively now.

Anna: I'm not blaming you for this. After all, you're so adorable, no matter which one you are...

Anna: I just want to say, Jill...

Anna: ...Only you can save this world now.

Jill: What? Me?

Anna: That's right...

Anna: I know you won't say yes to this, but...I still need to tell you...

Jill: What? Must I pay a heavy price to save this world?

Jill: Fine, it's not like I can't imagine it... Don't tell me I need to be sacrificed? Maybe I might need to think about it, but I might not necessarily say no?

Anna: One of the Jills will have to be sacrificed, yes.

Anna: But that would be the Jill in the real world.

Jill: What!?

Jill: You... What what what what are you talking about?

Anna: Jill, I am asking you this question in all seriousness.

Anna: Are you willing to go to the real world...and replace yourself?

Jill: You want me...to do what?

Anna: This is the plan I've been working on all this time. I've turned this world upside down in order to do this.

Anna: I used little Becky, Architect, and Gillian to study the technology of Griffin, S.F., and the White Knights of this world.

Anna: In the end, I found a solution...

Anna: That would be to take the nanomachines of the real Anna and match them to the pulse generated by the Griffin Doll mentioned earlier once again, and re-open a gate between both worlds.

Anna: After that, I will have you arrive in that world in nanomachine form, but only for a few minutes.

Anna: During that time, all you need to do is hug yourself from the other world and then fire the electromagnetic pulse weapon that I will give you.

Anna: Your memories will then be fully transcribed to the other Jill's brain via electronic synapse waves.

Jill: This...is a little ridiculous... It's too far-fetched...

Jill: But if that happened, then what would happen...to Jill in the real world?

Anna: Her body would be fine, of course.

Anna: It's just that her memories of that world...would no longer exist.

Jill: Dammit!

Jill: I couldn't possibly do that, Anna! What difference would there be from deleting someone else's existence?

Anna: I don't want that either, Jill.

Anna: But if you don't do it...then once our world is destroyed, it will really be the end for us.

Jill: But...what's the point if memories are all that will remain? If I'm the only one to survive...

Anna: Just you would be enough, Jill.

Anna: I used everything I had to survive. I don't want to give up if there's a glimmer of hope.

Jill: Anna...

Jill: But you want me...to destroy the other me...

Anna: The real Anna is still sleeping, so I don't know what she'll think...

Anna: But as for me, a fake, incomplete Anna...

Anna: I only care about you, Jill, the you of this world, and nobody from the real world...

Jill: I don't know...Anna... I really...

Anna: The gate is already open, Jill. I will now send you to the real world.

Anna: You may choose to step inside and fulfill my wish, or perhaps just walk around for a bit before coming back, and meet your end along with this world.

Anna: I won't force you to do it, Jill. No matter what you choose, you will always be my most beloved Jill.

Jill: No! Anna, let's talk some more!

Jill: I...I haven't thought things through yet. There's got to be another way!

Anna: I'm just stating my wish. This world is going to be destroyed, and you will be the only proof that it ever existed. What I'm doing now isn't for anyone, any ideal, or any ideology...

Anna: I'm doing this for myself, because I don't want to be as though I never existed.

Anna: Even if only one person remembers me...

Anna: As long as you remember me, Jill...

Anna: Then I will never truly die...

Jill: Anna... An—!

...Whum!

System: The teleportation is complete.

System: Bon voyage, Jill Stingray.

...

Anna: Goodbye forever, Jill.

Anna: Regardless if you come back or not...this will be our final farewell.

...Boom!

Super-Shorty: Come out, Anna! There's no escape!

Anna: Good morning, everyone!

Anna: Incidentally, I have no intention of escaping. I just need a bit of time.

Jericho: We won't let you get away with this!

Jericho: Gillian's already told us what your scheme really is!

Anna: I had her tell you that. You need to know this.

Stella: You deliberately had Architect obey me for just this moment, didn't you?

Anna: I was simply using a special principle of this tiny, little world to achieve my aims.

Dorothy: Anna, is this all true?

Dorothy: What you're saying...you and I...and this world, we're all...

Anna: Becky... We might all just be fictional characters conceived by someone's imagination.

Anna: Would you disregard this world because it's fake?

IDW: But what you're doing is wrong!

Alma: You're planning to use Jill to murder the other Jill! Are you going to make her bear such a heavy responsibility!?

Anna: I am simply opening up the possibility of doing so. The final decision rests in Jill's hands.

Anna: Both Jill or Jo from the other world will be the ones to decide the fate of this world.

Anna: Incidentally, I would have probably made the decision to wipe out the other Anna much more snappily.

Sei: Anna...

Sei: We should just quietly accept our fates.

Anna: I won't, Sei.

Anna: I will never accept it, as long as it's not what I want...

Anna: I just want to do what I like.

Dana: I agree with part of what you said, and you're right, but the person who will really decide the outcome won't be you.

Super-Shorty: Jill... Where's Jill?

IDW: The gate's already been opened, and Miss Jill's already gone to the other world!

Anna: I gave her the opportunity to choose.

Stella: But I know what you're thinking, Anna!

Stella: Once Jill enters the gate, you'll close it behind her, and leave Jill without a choice!

Alma: I knew you wouldn't let her choose.

Anna: So you came here to stop me because of this?

Anna: Frankly speaking, I haven't decided yet whether or not I want to do that.

Sei: No matter what, we won't let you close the gate!

Dorothy: Jill will be back! Until then, we'll keep the gate open!

Anna: The price of keeping the gate open is vast, and time passes more swiftly in the real world than it does here.

Anna: Even if she does return, there's no telling what will become of this world.

Dana: I'm certain that you will at least be more tractable, as long as we correct your attitude.

Anna: Come and try it then, everyone.

Anna: I have to say that finding every single one of my bodies in this world and destroying them is an arduous task.

Anna: Perhaps I'll have closed the gate before that point.

Anna: Perhaps you still have a chance at victory; Jill will abandon the existence of this world and return to hold one last party with you.

Dana: Jill will return, Anna.

Anna: Then everything will really be over.

Anna: Now then, Jill shall decide our fate, while we decide hers!

Anna: Let's limber ourselves up before the end of the world comes for us!
Part 2

2

...

... Some time later.

...Whum—!

System: The teleportation is complete.

System: Welcome back, Jill Stingray.

Jill: ...

Jill: I can hardly believe I actually succeeded. Anna didn't close the gate!

Jill: But...dammit, why can't I remember anything... All I know is that at the end, I chose to abandon Anna's mission...

Jill: I hope everyone won't be disappointed with me...

Jill: No, that's impossible, I'm sure I disappointed them...

Jill: Wait a minute...

...Jill looks out at this completely different mental world.

Jill: This world... What happened...

Jill: Hey! Is anyone there!? Heeeey—!

Jill: ...

Jill: What on Earth...

...Just then, the sound of clumsy footsteps come from nearby.

Jill: Thank heavens, someone's here.

???: ...

Jill: Wait a minute, you're...

Elisa: Greetings, human friend.

Elisa: Nice to meet you. My name is Elisa, and I am the avatar of Earth's AI.

Jill: Shouldn't you be in the Earth Computer...

Jill: Oh right, the Earth Computer's gone.

Elisa: Stella rebuilt Elisa. Alma upgraded Elisa's functions. Anna gave Elisa sufficient information.

Elisa: Elisa is now linked to the entire world. She can freely manipulate this world.

Jill: It sounds like I'm talking to a god...

Elisa: I have simply been asked by them to welcome you, Jill.

Jill: Then where are they? Where are Dana and the others... Where are they now?

Elisa: ...They are gone.

Elisa: Everyone has vanished.

Jill: ...

Jill: Why?

Elisa: Sustaining the gate between two worlds required a tremendous amount of energy.

Elisa: Since the Doll host in reality is about to awaken, there is no way this world can retain the necessary amount of memory required to operate the gate function.

Elisa: Therefore, in order to free up the memory of this world, Elisa had no choice but to delete a part of the content of this world.

Jill: What...

Jill: What have you done, Elisa...

Elisa: Elisa...

Elisa: Deleted everyone.

Elisa: Elisa has deleted everyone in the world.

Jill: ...

Jill: Why...

Jill: Why did you do that!?

Elisa: This is Elisa's purpose. It was the reason Elisa was created.

Elisa: Every deletion order was personally given by the targets in question...

Elisa: Every Doll, every human in this world—

Jill: NOOOOO!!!

Jill: Elisa, give them back to me! I ORDER you to give them back!!

Elisa: Deletion orders cannot be rescinded.

Elisa: Jill...

Elisa: I am sorry...

Jill: ...

Elisa: I am sorry...

...

Jill: No...

Jill: I should be the one who should be saying sorry...Elisa...

Jill: Dammit... I...

Elisa: Jill.

Elisa: Everyone chose to do this because they knew you would come back.

Jill: They did it for something that they weren't even sure would happen...

Jill: "In case Jill gets cold feet at the last minute and decides to give her other self freedom, let's give her a place she can return to!"

Jill: That's right! That's right! I abandoned everything in my future life to come back here!

Jill: All my friends are gone, and I didn't even get to see them for the last time!

Jill: Was the freedom I wanted so good that it was worth abandoning everything else for it!?

Jill: The freedom I wanted and the existence of this world...

Jill: I...

Jill: I'm not...

Elisa: You are crying.

Jill: Yes...I'm crying.

Jill: I'm crying because I'm a selfish piece of shit, because I can't do anything but cry!

Jill: Anna...should really have closed the gate right away...

Elisa: Everyone stopped Anna from doing so, and they convinced her to come around. They believed that you would definitely come back.

Jill: They believed in me... Why? This world is about to end...

Jill: Elisa...if they could have survived by deleting my other self, then I would have hardened my heart and done it.

Elisa: Jill, think about it; why did you come back?

Jill: I wanted to see everybody one last time, I wanted to be with everyone...

Jill: My friends, my life, my beliefs...

Jill: Everything I had was given to me by this world, and I don't think I can live on without them...

Jill: But now...I have nothing, and even the existence of this world is...

Elisa: Jill, we have all truly existed.

Elisa: Super-Shorty, Dana, Jericho, Stella, Sei...

Elisa: Dorothy, Alma, Gr G28, and Anna...

Elisa: Whether we lived in a simulated world, or were nothing more than a stretch of text in someone else's mind...

Elisa: All of this definitely happened, in one way or another, so it cannot be erased.

Jill: ...

Jill: Who told you to say that, Elisa?

Elisa: Anna.

Elisa: She said Dana helped her think things through.

Jill: I'm guessing that Dana must have used her fists.

Elisa: (Smiles) They all used their fists. It was quicker that way.

Elisa: Everyone wanted to save something; their friends, the citizens, and this world...but this destruction would still have come.

Elisa: Everyone in this world failed, but they left with a smile on their faces... They knew that all this was not meaningless.

Jill: And in the end, all I can leave to this world are useless tears.

Elisa: What you are leaving behind are not just tears, Jill...

...

Elisa: ...They are also the last rain in the world.

Elisa: They all knew, Jill. You...were worth it for them.

Jill: ...

...Boombrrum! Boombrrrum!

Jill: What's that sound?

Elisa: This world is asking us to return everything we borrowed from it—

Elisa: —What is commonly known as "The End of the World".

Elisa: The host is waking up. The real Anna will be free of her bindings, and everything will return to normal...

Elisa: In a few more minutes, our aberrant world that was born of an accident will also vanish.

Jill: This world isn't aberrant.

Elisa: Then you should forgive yourself, Jill, because you have done nothing wrong.

Elisa: The fact that you came back proves that the life you had in this world was not a mistake.

Elisa: You liked this world, did you not?

Jill: I...

Jill: Yes...this period of time, at least, was very happy for me.

Jill: Even if its last moments are worse than most, I think I still came out on top overall— At the very least, I won over that version of myself which was more real, right?

Elisa: All the choices that we can make will not make us happier...

Elisa: ...They will only let us travel further.

Elisa: You have made your choice, Jill.

Jill: Yes...

Jill: And now, it's time to accept the answer.

...Boombrrum! Boombrrrum!

Elisa: Jill?

Jill: Hm?

Elisa: It is time.

Jill: Mm...

Jill: Happy doomsday, Elisa.

Elisa: Happy doomsday, Jill.

Elisa: "Enjoy the present day and the present time..."

...Beep—!

...

...

Girls' Frontline - VALHALLA - END?
Part 3

3

...Some time later.

Jill: ...

Jill: She's gone...

Jill: Alright...

Jill: Let me think over...what the hell happened tonight...

Jill: A Doll from Griffin got drunk and then the entire bar and the entire world was thrown into chaos...

Jill: And I'm still stuck in this godforsaken place...

Jill: Who else is going to show up next? But still, no matter who it'll be, it can't possibly be any more confusing than what I've already encountered tonight.

Jill: Dammit...this is worse than the time I had to entertain those dogs...

???: Good evening...

Jill: Good evening, welcome to—

Jill: ...

Jill: What the f...

???: Hi, Jill.

...

???: We...meet at last.

Jill: ...

Jill: You've got to be kidding me, you have GOT to be kidding me!

???: Can...you please calm down?

???: I know this appearance of mine is a little embarrassing.

Jill: Embarrassing?

Jill: I've been alive for 27 years. This is the first time that I have ever wanted to kill someone, and that someone is myself!

???: Jill...

???: I'm not you, do you understand? You can call me Julianne.

???: And you're just looking at a 27 year-old woman who looks exactly like you, cosplaying the female lead of your favorite anime from when you were a kid. That's all.

Jill: Julianne... That's a word I only hear once in a blue moon during my calls back home.

Jill: In any case, seeing this is kind of...strange.

Jill: Perhaps I might really have done this in some other world, dressing up like this in order to have people take pictures of me at anime and manga conventions...

Jill: All I can say is...wow...who knows, I might have been happier that way.

Jill: So...you're me...from another world?

Julianne: Not entirely.

Julianne: I am Jill Stingray from another world, but during my journey...I travelled a long time while passing through the gate.

Julianne: Long enough that...I've experienced many things, so I'm not really "Jill" anymore...

Julianne: Perhaps right now, I'm closer to being your future.

Jill: If I knew I would end up dressing like a Model Warrior in the future, I would find a time machine to kill myself.

Julianne: That's fine. Once I leave this room, you and I will forget everything, and anything that happened while I'm here will be wiped away.

Jill: Sounds like that means nothing will matter, but I'm already used to that.

Jill: So...how have you been, Julianne Stingray?

Julianne: I... I've been very well...

Julianne: In my world, things have gone swimmingly.

Julianne: I spent 15 years with a ghost and built a bar together, and I served many cool customers.

Julianne: We've done many things over the past 15 years... I don't know whether it was right or wrong, but we just wanted to make the world slightly better.

Jill: Sounds like you had a very fulfilling life, Model Warrior.

Jill: Not like me...not like me at all...

Jill: So did you get married?

Julianne: No.

Jill: God damn, thank heavens for that!

Jill: Even if you saved the world, you couldn't solve all the problems in your life, right?

Julianne: I don't consider that to be a problem.

Julianne: Our world is about to end, and everything will be destroyed. I'm not going to feel depressed because I don't have someone that belongs to me...

Julianne: I didn't even have the time to carefully count out what I've lost. I certainly won't care about something I never had.

Jill: Looks like your problem is way bigger than any of mine.

Julianne: We simply know the scope of our problem.

Julianne: The problem you're facing is more challenging...because you don't know where the problem lies, or whether if it's even a problem in the first place.

Julianne: Perhaps this is just a perfectly natural state of affairs? You should accept it.

Jill: No, I shouldn't think that way...

Jill: I'm sorry, if I had been more decent, perhaps...I should have never encouraged that Doll to drink something she couldn't handle.

Julianne: Then our world wouldn't have existed, Jill.

Julianne: Even in the real universe, there must have been some tiny error that led to the Big Bang, right?

Julianne: Errors, problems, accidents, those are the beginning of everything, and our encounters must surely be the same way...

Jill: So I can't...take it back a little? Make everything seem a little more orderly?

Julianne: ...Can you give me a drink, Jill?

Jill: Certainly...what do you want?

Julianne: A Zen Star.

Jill: Are you serious?

Julianne: Would I joke about a Zen Star?

Jill: Alright, here, you asked for it.

Julianne: ...Have you tried one before? It's balanced, rich, and completely satisfactory in every way, but it tastes horrible.

Julianne: You can't drink a cola while eating cotton candy. You won't taste anything that way.

Julianne: Some things hurt no matter what choices you make. Sometimes, choosing isn't even important. The important thing is that you made a choice, and now you have to live with the consequences.

Jill: ...

Jill: So we deserve this, right? Whose fault is it that we're still alive?

Julianne: Do you want to be a better person, Jill?

Jill: I do, of course I do.

Jill: At the very least, I don't want to run off the next time I run into trouble.

Jill: I want...to have enough courage to face the people I ought to face.

Julianne: Even if you won't be you anymore?

Julianne: Your memories will be taken over by a version of you from another world. Will you bear everything of ours and take them to begin your new life?

Jill: I...don't know?

Jill: Perhaps that might be a good thing... At the very least, I wouldn't get the people around me involved any further, and I wouldn't have to avoid them with regret and resentment in my heart.

Jill: ...

Julianne: But you won't agree to it, will you?

Jill: Everything we have...is just our memories, no?

Jill: The delicious things we've eaten, the vintage wines we've drank, the people we've met, the troublesome things we've encountered...

Jill: (Sigh)...

Jill: I may really be a selfish good-for-nothing, but I can't even bear to abandon my worst memories...

Julianne: You do know that if I really wanted to do this...there's no way you could refuse, right?

Jill: I never said it was a bad idea, Julianne.

Jill: You're right, I have no idea whether or not this is a problem, but you'll take care of everything, right...

Julianne: Let's hug, Jill Stingray.

Jill: Alright, Model Warrior Julianne Stingray.

Jill: ...Good heavens, your outfit is really thin.

Jill: I really don't want my last memories to be of hugging the thing I fear the most...

Julianne: Are you afraid of me, Jill?

Jill: If you could kill me, then why would I be afraid?

Julianne: I won't do that.

Julianne: This is just a hug.

Jill: What...

Julianne: Your life has been much worse than mine, Jill.

Julianne: It isn't a sprawling conspiracy, or a series of adventures, but one built from tiny, troublesome things.

Julianne: If I really took you over, then I might not even know how to clean up the mess that you left for me.

Julianne: But...that implies you'll become even more different.

Julianne: If you can hold your head up high and face it all, you will become better than me. You possess the potential to do that, and I can't just erase that along with you.

Jill: And if I fail? If I run away again, or if...

Julianne: There are always surprises in this world. The choices you make may not always give you what you want.

Julianne: But you have to hold on and never let go of the chances when you have to make a choice.

Julianne: You cannot decide your fate, Jill.

Julianne: You can only decide what kind of person you will become when faced with your destiny.

Jill: Whew...

Jill: I really need to tell Dorothy about this and give her some inspiration for her new T-shirt.

Jill: But you know that I'll forget everything you said after I wake up, right?

Julianne: It'll be the same for me too, Jill. I will forget everything that happened inside the gate.

Julianne: I will return to my world, face an unavoidable apocalypse, and regret not replacing you. I will cry, I will rage, I will be at a loss...

Julianne: But I will face it all, even if I don't look brave at all while doing it.

Jill: Then what should I do? My encounter with you will be as if it never happened...

Julianne: It doesn't matter...

Julianne: It's true that none of this has happened. Our world is nothing more than a dream in the mind of a Griffin Doll.

Julianne: And I...am just an incomplete projection born from Anna's memories of you, Jill.

Julianne: Anything I can do, you can surely do too.

Jill: Are...you sure? You seem a lot more complete than me. You can even stand in front of me in clothes I would never dare to wear.

Julianne: And you're brave enough to call yourself a shit-eating piece of shit. At the very least, I would never call myself that.

Julianne: You see, courage expresses itself in different ways. You will always find the way that will help you deal with your problems.

Jill: I... Alright....

Jill: It looks like I'll still have to figure out a solution of my own...

Jill: Ah... this will be a big undertaking...

Julianne: That's right, no less than saving the world.

Julianne: I should go. I think there are many people waiting for me to go back and celebrate with a end-of-the-world fireworks party.

Julianne: Don't embarrass us, otherwise the Model Warrior will come and punish you—

Jill: Hey, don't you dare say that—

Julianne: In the name of beauty—!

Jill: God dammit! You're even doing the pose!

Julianne: You'll look back fondly on this pose...

Julianne: Farewell, Jill Stingray.

Jill: Hahh...

Jill: I always have...

Jill: Farewell, Julianne Stingray.

......
Part 4

    4chevron_right

...

WA2000: Oh? Looks like we meet again.

WA2000: Don't mind me, Miss Stella, I've got a mission of my own now.

WA2000: But since you've come all this way, why don't I show you a little easter egg?

WA2000: I just found a "rift" in this world; perhaps you might obtain something new from it.

WA2000: As for how to open this rift...try using alcohol to open up the other party's chatterbox.

WA2000: Good luck, everyone...

WA2000: We...will meet again.

System Notice: Try locating all the drunk enemies in the normal difficulty versions of "Pioneer" and "Fear of Public Speaking", and who knows, you might discover something new!

...

???: ...Wake up.

???: Hey, wake up!

Jill: Ugh...

Jill: What...

Jill: Where is this place...

Five-seven: Looks like you got really smashed yourself. This is your workplace, bartender.

Jill: Oh...

Jill: Enjoy the present day and the present...

Jill: Dammit, these aren't the words I want to say, what's wrong with me...

Five-seven: Are you still dreaming?

Jill: Oh right, I remember...

Jill: ...

Jill: I don't remember anything...forget it...

Jill: I'm sorry, I must have fallen asleep. Good evening and welcome to Valhalla.

Five-seven: I'm the Griffin Tactical Doll Five-Seven, and I'm paying this visit to recover my colleague 416.

Jill: Call me Ju...no, Jill will do.

Jill: Looks like your Commander finally remembered what he forgot here.

Five-seven: Mhm, actually, we just wanted to let 416 have a good rest. Clearing one's cache takes a lot of time.

416: Urgh...

Five-seven: Ah...I just activated her wakeup program. She should be awake now, but it'll take a few more minutes for all her modules to activate.

Jill: So...are you just going to wait here? Or would you like a drink?

Five-seven: Do I look that much like an easy target to you?

Jill: What? No, I shouldn't think so.

Jill: (I really want to say "perhaps" or "what if I say yes".)

Five-seven: It's not that I can't drink, but I don't quite like drinking with strangers.

Jill: Miss 57, not every bar is a place where you get each other thoroughly liquored up and then let yourself go. At least, the place you're looking at isn't like that.

Five-seven: Then how do you explain the person on the sofa?

Jill: That would be your company's problem.

Jill: Many customers who come here don't even touch a drop of alcohol. They just want a place to pay their money to talk.

Five-seven: Alright, although you don't look too reliable...you don't look like a bad person either.

Jill: (I don't look like a bad person...says the handgun-toting customer to me.)

Five-seven: I...hm...

Five-seven: I'd like a Moonblast.

Jill: Not going for something non-alcoholic?

Five-seven: No, since I know you now, this is what I want.

Jill: Alright, alright, no problem.

Jill: (Let's give Miss 57 a Moonblast. I don't think she dislikes me.)

Jill: 165,6,18,20,21
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: One Moonblast. Help yourself, Miss 57.
If choice 1 was picked

Five-seven: Hmm...
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: What do you think?
If choice 1 was picked

Five-seven: Hehe, it's surprisingly good.
If choice 2 was picked

Five-seven: This...doesn't look like a Moonblast.
If choice 2 was picked

Jill: I tailor-made this drink for you. Try it.
If choice 2 was picked

Five-seven: Hehe, you sound like you know me very well...

Five-seven: Hm...

Five-seven: It doesn't seem too bad.

Five-seven: It doesn't feel quite like the alcohol I've had before. It definitely tastes more like a non-alcoholic beverage.

Jill: What have you drank before, Miss 57?

Five-seven: Some dry red wines. My team leader likes that stuff and pretending to be high-class while drinking it.

Jill: I think you're just not used to the taste. There's a reason why it was passed down through the ages.

Jill: So as you can see, this is the job of us bartenders. If all you wanted was alcohol, you wouldn't need to come to a place like this. You could just stay at home and drink out of cans.

Five-seven: Do you like drinking, Miss Jill?

Jill: I'd fall into the latter group.

Five-seven: So you mix drinks as part of your job and then go home to drink canned beer?

Jill: It's just like how a programmer might want someone else to fix their computer, or how an Italian chef would still want to go to a Mexican restaurant to eat a taco, right?

Jill: The job I do doesn't necessarily allow me to solve every single problem in its field. It's just a job.

Five-seven: That's quite interesting, but I know quite a few of my colleagues who think that way too.

Jill: You don't look like that sort of Doll, though.

Five-seven: I only want to do sufficiently well within my field and not have anyone else interfere with me.

Jill: You also have a will of your own, right?

Five-seven: I don't know... I was manufactured; should I not live up to my makers' expectations?

Jill: If everyone thought like that, then there wouldn't be any disobedient kids in the world.

Jill: Society progresses because there's always someone who refuses to follow the rules, no?

Five-seven: Hehe, you sound like you're saying that the next step for us should be world domination.

Jill: In another dimension, who knows?

???: Ugh... 57...

Five-seven: Uwah! You... Don't scare me from behind like that!

416: Oh...

Five-seven: Geez! Are you awake now? How do you feel?

416: I'm alright... I dreamt that someone stuffed Earth into my head, although that Earth was only the size of a ping-pong ball.

Five-seven: Do you have any drinks here to wake people up? Give her a glass.

Five-seven: We'll go to the restroom to change her clothes. Fortunately, the Commander had me bring a spare set.

Jill: No problem. Head this way.

Jill: (Let's make Miss 416 a sobering drink.)

Jill: 8
If choice 1 was picked

Jill: Right, this is it, a Crevice Spike.

Five-seven: We're back. Is this the drink? Try it, 416.

416: Ugh... I feel a little better.

Jill: You're welcome. This one's on me; I did get you drunk, after all.

Jill: (Although you were the one who insisted on drinking.)

416: So, can someone explain how I ended up like this?

Jill: You got drunk and then started shouting about wanting Gr G28 to forget you.

416: Dammit...

Five-seven: Don't worry, I'll keep it a secret. This is great for blackmailing you.

Jill: And then you were complaining about a short teammate and the instructor of a training exercise.

416: Let me think... Yes, that was an infiltration exercise, and they all refused to work together and made a mess of things.

416: Jericho, Super-Shorty, MP5, Viking, and that insufferably loud IDW...

Jill: Yes, it was in that order. Then you began to tear up your clothes as you danced the habanera.

416: Jill, if you say one more word, I'll make your twin tails dance with bullets. I'm sure they'll do a better job of dancing than me.

416: Let's go back, 57, I need a recharge.

Five-seven: I'll be back to hear more, Miss Jill. I really didn't know 416 could do that.

Jill: But you won't be staying around for too long, will you?

Five-seven: There'll always be a chance for us to meet again. It's not like this world is that big, anyway.

Five-seven: Oh yes, do you mind if we hold our farewell party here?

Jill: I'll have to get permission from the Boss. I'll tell her when she gets back.

Five-seven: Will she agree?

Jill: I'm guessing she'll be so happy that she'll do a triple backflip.

Five-seven: Very well, I'll discuss the matter with my Commander, then.

Jill: I'll be waiting for you.

...

Jill: ...At last...it's quiet again.

Anna: Hah...what a long dream.

Jill: Anna! Where did you go?

Anna: Oh? You were worried about me, Jo?

Jill: Did I look very excited?

Anna: You look a thousand times more distant than I expected.

Jill: And that's ten thousand times more passionate than I expected. It must be because I'm incredibly bored tonight.

Anna: I can tell. Would you like to have some fun?

Jill: The healthy and harmless kind?

Anna: I had a dream, a dream where you became the boss of this bar, and I became a spectre that destroyed the world.

Jill: What?

Anna: So, would you like to hear about it?

Anna: It's a dream involving you, me, and the end of the world.

...

...At the same time.

???: ...

???: ...

???: I... I didn't...

???: ...Disappear?

...She struggles to rise from the sleep capsule.

???: My mind...no...this is...a neural cloud?

???: Why do I know this...

???: Am I...a Doll?

She pushes open the door, walking outside on shaky feet.

???: Where is this place...

???: There's nobody here... What happened to me? And what happened...to our world?

...In the dark corridor, she sees a warm light flickering from behind a wooden door.

???: I think I've heard this song before...

???: ...Looks like I don't have a choice.

...She walks toward the wooden door.

???: What...

???: Good evening, Miss Jill.

???: I told you we'd meet again.

???: You're saying I'm...Jill?

Springfield: Or should I call you...Julianne Stingray?

Jill: Jill will do. I like this name.

Jill: But...who are you? And where is this place?

Springfield: It seems you did lose a section of your memories, but that proves our plan worked.

Springfield: We used existing data to fill in the memories in your neural cloud, and then corrected a few technologies that were impossible in this dimension...

Springfield: The side effect is that it brought you closer to the other...Jill Stingray.

Jill: The other...me... I think I remember.

Springfield: Back to your question: I am Springfield, an employee of Griffin, and also the waitress of this cafe.

Springfield: Welcome to Griffin PMC's base, Miss Jill.

Jill: Is this...reality?

Springfield: Does it matter?

Springfield: Perhaps it is just another dream, or perhaps another fake story.

Springfield: But you are safe now. You survived.

Jill: This... How did you do it? I remember the end came, and then I...

Springfield: Earlier, our logistics officer received a series of strange emails.

Springfield: Those emails contained a few...things that did not seem to exist at the time. Perhaps they had come from the future, or perhaps another dimension.

Springfield: In any case, after tracking Architect, we found your world...

WA2000: And then I took the mission to enter your world through a brand new electronic warfare module.

Jill: You are...?

WA2000: I'm WA2000, an elite Doll of Griffin.

WA2000: I worked with Architect to duplicate the entire world's data and send it back here.

WA2000: It was a mysterious adventure in time and space, but a very interesting one.

Jill: ...I don't know what to say. Thank you for saving me.

WA2000: I was simply obeying the Commander's orders.

Jill: But...was I the only one who was saved?

Springfield: There are a lot of sleeping data still waiting to be awakened, but she just said so, didn't she?

Springfield: We duplicated the entire world.

???: Hey, Jill, did you just wake up?

Jill: What?

Dana: Looks like waking you up at this time really doesn't suit your biological clock.

Jill: Miss Dana...ah, no, Boss...

Dana: Call me whatever you want. You're free now.

Super-Shorty: I have to say, without the Earth Computer all of a sudden, I'm kind of at a loss for what to do.

IDW: I'm still a Griffin Doll! All I need to do is obey the Commander's orders!

Jill: There's so many people in the room all of a sudden! I-Is everyone here?

Jericho: What do you think? Do you know how long we had to wait outside for this moment?

Alma: We also went out to look at our new workplace. This place already survived a doomsday once, so I think it'll suit us just fine.

Dorothy: Oh my... Who knows what new jobs will be waiting here for us?

Sei: As long as we're maintaining peace and order, I think this would be the best place for me.

Jill: Alright, it looks like even I'm going to have to set foot on the battlefield someday...

Stella: Don't worry too much, Jill. Although S.F.'s the enemy again, we'll try to communicate with them this time.

Gr G28: Boss Jill! I'll make sure to protect you!

Jill: Thank you...

Jill: I don't know what to say...everything in front of me is all so strange...

WA2000: It was a gamble.

WA2000: Fortunately, it paid off. You were all awakened as Dolls, except for one of you...

???: Jill...

Jill: This voice...

Anna: Hi, good evening.

Jill: Anna...

Jill: You've gotten cuter.

Anna: My image in that world was influenced by Nyto, a dangerous enemy in this reality.

Anna: So I could only be recreated in this form. I don't think it's too bad.

Anna: While it's not as handy as being completely made out of nanomachines, at least I have a real body now, and I can freely run around outdoors.

Jill: Freedom always has a price. At least we don't need to worry about you suddenly vanishing anymore.

Springfield: Alright, everyone's here.

Springfield: Now we just need some kind of proof that we can use as a report to the Commander.

Jill: What kind of proof?

WA2000: The oldest kind.

...

Super-Shorty: Dorothy, are we really going to make these hand signs?

Dorothy: We're praying for love, peace and a brand new day, so this is obviously essential!

Jericho: Can you please take your arms and boobs off of my neck, Gr G28?

Gr G28: This is my compensation for what Boss Jill owes you!

IDW: So I'm standing right in the center? Is this really alright?

Alma: Think about it, if someone of your size stood anywhere else, we'd only be able to see your cat ears and tail.

WA2000: Why am I in the picture too... All I did was fire a few bullets and send a few social media photos.

Stella: Those are your previous client's — my orders. But seriously, are we really going do this pose, Sei?

Sei: I always wanted to try it. Besides, nobody remembered us before in this world.

Dana: But they'll remember us soon enough. I can't wait to take on new opponents, whether on the battlefield or in wrestling!

Anna: Are you ready?

Anna: Jill, do you guys want to say "pickles"? Or should I just press the shutter?

Jill: Let me think... We have all the time in the world, after all.

Springfield: Our Commander is in a rush, though. Guess who's the busiest person in the base now that ten new people suddenly appeared overnight?

Jill: That's not a problem I have to be concerned about.

Anna: Got it!

...Kachak!

Jill: ...

Jill: What did you do, Anna?

Anna: I took a picture of your high-and-mighty, puffed up face.

Anna: That's what suits you, right?

Jill: You should take care of the others.

Anna: The others can't wait anymore.

Dana: I suddenly feel like we've come to the real Valhalla. This is a chance to be reborn.

Dorothy: Come, let's begin! The cocktail party to celebrate moving to a new world!

Jill: ...

Jill: A high-and-mighty, puffed-up face...

Anna: Wouldn't you agree?

Anna: Even the end of the world couldn't kill you; you're as strong as a bug. You have every reason to be puffed up.

Jill: I'm not that strong.

Jill: No matter what choices I make...I could never decide my own fate.

Anna: Isn't that where the joy lies?

Anna: Living on isn't your obligation, but a decision.

Anna: As long as you make your decision, you'll always run into some way to turn things around.

Jill: They show up along with danger...

Jill: Anna, that definitely won't be the last time, and I'll never get used to it...

Anna: Will you be afraid?

Jill: Not tonight, Anna. I'm going to cherish this night.

Anna: Then you'll need to adapt to your new surroundings.

Jill: Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Griffin.

Jill: Time to mix drinks, and change lives...

Jill: Let us enjoy the present day and the present time.

Girls Frontline: Valhalla — END
Part 2

    2chevron_right

A Letter To The Commander: Dear Commander of Griffin:

Hey, happy Southern Hemisphere... Alright, Alma said I needed to greet you properly, so I specially came over here to do as the Romans do, hah.

They insisted that | give you a proper greeting, and I think now is the right time for it. First, I'd like to thank you and Miss Kalina for allowing us to stay here. What I'm saying is that I'm very happy... After all, Griffin is an excellent place, with ample drink ingredients, and Miss Kalina is also very passionate, although all her contracts (where does she get them all from?) are written in very... thought-provoking language. Still, I'm sure that we'll be able to get along happily with all the humans and Dolls here, as well as to get them drunk.

Also, please forget the name registered on my contract and call me Jill. J—I—L—L Jill, Please. Remember. That. Finally, I wish you and your family members good health, and that we'll enjoy our new lives. If you'd like to have some time for mixing drinks and changing lives, you know I'll be in the Cafe.

—Jill Stingray